M&G plc
Annual Report and
Accounts 2020




Helping people manage
and grow their savings so
they can live the life they
want while making the world
a little better along the way.
Making a difference
the M&G way...
Performance highlights




  Financial highlights from continuing operationsi
             Read more
             Page 30

                                KPM    APM      REM                                                                  KPM
                   Adjusted operating profit before taxii                                                  IFRS profit after tax


                           £788m  (2019: £1,149m)
                                                                                                       £1,142m (2019: £1,065m)


                                    KPM     REM                                                                  KPM      APM
                           Total capital generation                                             Shareholder Solvency II coverage ratioiii


                           £995m  (2019: £1,509m)
                                                                                                            182% (2019: 176%)


                                       KPM                                                                           KPM
                         Assets under management                                                   Savings and Asset Management
                            and administration                                                           net client outflows


                         £367.2bn (2019: £351.5bn)
                                                                                                 £6.6bn outflow
                                                                                                            (2019: £1.3bn outflow)



  Non-financial highlights

                                      REM                                                                           REM

             Female representation on the Group Executive                                               Employee sustainable
                 Committee and their direct reports                                                      engagement score


                              30% (2019: 29%)
                                                                                                            80% (2019: 68%)


                                      REM

                          Net Promoter Score                                                                   Carbon
                      (Retail Savings and Heritage)                                                       disclosure ratingiv


                                   +9
                                   (2019: +8)
                                                                                                                 A-
                                                                                                                 (2019: B)


                                                                             REM

                                                  Direct carbon emissions: Scope 1 and 2 (tCO2e)


                                                             3,126 (tCO e)
                                                                        (2019: 4,007)
                                                                                            2

  Key

       KPM    Key performance measure (defined in glossary)

       APM    Alternative performance measure (defined in glossary)

       REM    Linked to remuneration measures for Executive Directors



  i     Continuing operations in 2019 excluded our Asia insurance operations and treasury services provided to Prudential plc which were presented
        as discontinued operations.
  ii    Adjusted operating profit before tax is profit before tax excluding short-term fluctuations from investment returns, profit/(loss)on disposal of
        business and corporate transactions, restructuring and other costs, and profit/(loss) before tax from discontinued operations.
  iii Shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio is the ratio of our own funds to solvency capital requirement (SCR), excluding the contribution to own
      funds and SCR from the Group’s ring-fenced With-Profits Fund. The Solvency II position is presented assuming a recalculation of transitional
      measures in line with management’s estimate of market and operating conditions as at the valuation date.
  iv Awarded by CDP, a global environmental disclosure body. The score is an indicator of how we measure, disclose and manage our carbon
     emissions footprint.
                In these very difficult times,
                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
                    we have two priorities:
                   keeping colleagues safe
                   and continuing to serve
                  our customers and clients
                 to the best of our abilities.”                                                                             Governance

                                                       John Foley
                                                     Chief Executive




                                                                                                                            Financial information




Strategic Report                        Governance                           Financial information


                                                                                                                            Other information
2    M&G plc at a glance                78	Interim Chair’s introduction     152 Independent auditor’s report
                                            to governance
4    How we add value                                                        162 Consolidated financial statements
                                        79   How we comply with the
10   Interim Chair’s statement                                               274 Company financial statements
                                             Corporate Governance Code
12   Market and industry trends                                              283 Supplementary information
                                        80 Governance at a glance
14   Our business model
                                        82   Board of Directors
18   Chief Executive’s statement
                                        84	Our stakeholders                 Other information
22   Chief Executive’s Q&A                  (Section 172 Statement)          298 Shareholder information
23   Our strategy                       90 Board activities                  299 Glossary
30 Our KPMs                             92	Division of responsibilities     302 Contact us
                                            and Boardroom practice
31   Business and financial review
                                        96	Board effectiveness
41   Viability statement
                                            and evaluation
42   Our approach to sustainability
                                        98   Nomination Committee Report
47   Climate change and TCFD
                                        100 Audit Committee Report
56   Social impact                      107 Risk Committee Report
60 Our people and culture               109 Directors’ Remuneration Report
64	Non-Financial Reporting Statement   118 Annual Report on Remuneration
66   Risk management                    138 Directors’ Remuneration Policy
76   Basis of preparation               146 Directors’ Report
                                        150 Statement of Directors’             For further information see our website
                                             Responsibilities and                www.mandgplc.com
                                             Financial information

                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 1
M&G plc at a glance

A leader in savings and investments
Our vision                                       To be the best loved and
                                                 most successful savings
                                                and investments business.


Our purpose

                                   To help people manage and grow
                                  their savings so they can live the life
                                   they want, while making the world
                                      a little better along the way.



Our values
                                     Care                                               Integrity
             We act with care – treating customers, clients            We empower our people to do the right thing,
             and colleagues with the same level of respect            honouring our commitments to others and acting
           that we would expect for ourselves. We also invest           with conviction. Our business is built on trust
              with care, making choices for the long-term.                     and we don’t take that lightly.

       Read more
       Page 60




Our business model                       Our business model as an
                                      asset manager and asset owner
                                      brings us strategic advantages.
       Read more
       Page 14




       £367.2bn                                      £232.3bn                                £133.7bn
                                            i                                  ii




             Total assets under                     Savings and Asset Management                Heritage assets under
               management                             assets under management                       management
             and administration                           and administration                     and administration




  i    Includes Corporate AUMA of £1.2bn.
  ii   Includes Institutional AUMA of £85.5bn.


2 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Our brands




                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report

   Our international asset manager,                Founded in 1848, manages                   Our global real estate business,
          established in 1931.                  long-term savings for customers             one of the world’s largest commercial
                                                     in the UK and Europe.                           property investors.




                                                                              M&G Wealthi

                                                                                                                                             Governance
                           Invests in and builds essential       Our new integrated wealth management
                         infrastructure that society needs.           offering, established in 2020.




Our global reach




                                                                                                                                             Financial information
              28
          Markets globally
                                                              25
                                                      Offices worldwide
                                                                                                                5
                                                                                                            Continents

   Read more about our locations
   www.mandgplc.com




Who we serve



                         5.3 million                                         800+                                                            Other information
                                   Retail customers                         Institutional clients




                                                                    i   The new M&G Wealth visual identity will be revealed later in 2021.


                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 3
How we add value




Committed to great
outcomes for our
customers and clients
With our wide-ranging investment expertise, we can
offer individual customers and institutional clients
innovative solutions to meet their changing needs


 Making a difference the M&G way

 Investments at work for good
 For the last 60 years, M&G Charifund has been
 helping charities to make their money work hard, so they
 can help more people in need. Buckinghamshire-based
 Roger and Jean Jefcoate Trust, which awards grants to
 smaller healthcare and disability charities, has earned
 over £3.5 million from its investment in M&G Charifund.
 In 2020, the Trust was able to support 27 charities with
 grants totalling £189,000 – including the likes of the
 British Tinnitus Association, ME Research UK and
 wheelchair sport charity WheelPower.




                                                            Making a difference the M&G way

                                                            Helping families invest for the future
                                                            York-based customer James Clarke (pictured) has invested
                                                            with us for over 30 years. A decade ago, he cashed in his
                                                            investments with M&G to buy a house and, shortly after,
                                                            opened a Junior ISA with us for his youngest son. Mr Clarke
                                                            hopes that when his son is old enough he can put the money
                                                            towards a deposit for a house, travel or university. “It’s not
                                                            getting easier for young people, but having something there
                                                            is really important,” he says.

4 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                                            Making a difference the M&G way

                                                            Delivering smoothed returns



                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
                                                            With gross client inflows of £5.2bn, PruFund remains a
                                                            popular investment proposition for UK retail customers.
                                                            Many people are worried about the short-term ups and
                                                            downs that can come with investing directly in stocks
                                                            and shares, particularly given the impact of the COVID-19
                                                            pandemic. PruFund, and the underlying £143.2 billion
                                                            With-Profits Fund, helps by aiming to smooth out some
                                                            of those ups and downs. Customers also benefit because
                                                            risk is spread over a very wide range of different kinds of
                                                            investments, including private assets that would not usually
                                                            be accessible by individual investors.



                                                                                                                                  Governance




                                                                                                                                  Financial information




Making a difference the M&G way                                                                                                   Other information

Helping local government workers
to secure a comfortable retirement
The Local Government Pension Scheme is one of the
biggest public sector pension plans in the UK. When one
of its pension fund asset pools, LGPS Central Limited,
began an emerging market bond manager search, it sought
candidates that displayed transparency, value for money
and – importantly – commitment to responsible investment.
M&G Investments was selected to manage a £300 million
mandate. Our appointment is testament to the strength
of our credit research and the importance we place on
integrating environmental, social and governance (ESG)
considerations into some of our investments.




                                                                                    M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 5
How we add value continued




Doing the right
things for sustainable
long-term growth
We’re investing in new global investment capability,
an integrated wealth management offering and digital
innovation to ensure we’re ready for the future




 Making a difference the M&G way

 Extending our global reach
 Our ambitious international growth plans will bring more of
 our expertise in investments and savings to support more
 customers, across more markets. In 2020 we expanded our
 global investment reach, bringing online new investment
 hubs in the US and Asia to complement our well-
 established investment operation in London.
 In Q3 2020, we opened our Chicago investment office,
 housing some portfolio management and research and
 US equity and fixed income dealing desks, giving our fund
 managers better access to liquidity outside London trading
 hours. In September, M&G’s new Singapore investment hub
 went live taking over all our dealing in Asian equities and
 providing Asian portfolio management services outside
 London trading hours. This new capability allows us to
 manage more of our policyholders’ money that is invested
 in Asia ourselves.
 Throughout the year, we’ve also been improving our access
 to international investment opportunities with new private
 asset teams in the US, India, Singapore and Europe, and
 we’ve brought expertise even closer to our global clients,
 with more investment specialists based in our 25 offices
 around the world.




6 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Making a difference the M&G way

M&G Wealth – a powerful
new force in the market

                                                                      Strategic Report
In 2020 we established M&G Wealth to meet rising demand
for high-quality advice and investment solutions as people
take more responsibility for their financial future.
We’ve brought together Ascentric, the platform acquired
from Royal London in September 2020, Prudential Financial
Planning, The Advice Partnership (TAP) and the M&G Direct
funds business to form an integrated wealth management
offering with £28 billion assets under management and
administration, providing a wide range of investment
services and solutions to customers.


                                                                      Governance
These established advice, platform and investment
management capabilities will help us take advantage of this
exciting growth opportunity within the UK savings market.
We are already expanding our advice business through the
self-employed TAP model. By developing and improving
the Ascentric platform, we aim to attract external advisers
to use the platform.
Throughout 2021, we will continue to improve our digital
capabilities across M&G Wealth, including the development




                                                                      Financial information
of a new advice proposition which combines robo-advice
with the all-important human touch. This builds on the
digital investment in Prudential Financial Planners to
date which, combined with the planned introduction of
discretionary fund management services, means that we
will be well placed to help customers in a way which suits
their personal needs.




                                                                      Other information




                        M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 7
How we add value continued




Investing
in a better future
for the planet
and society
We’re playing a leading role in sustainable and
impact investing, to deliver resilient long-term
returns for customers, clients and shareholders,
and a better future for the world




                                              Making a difference the M&G way

                                              Helping to build the world’s
                                              digital infrastructure
                                              M&G has been helping to build the next generation of
                                              broadband infrastructure in the UK and Europe for more
                                              than five years.
                                              Through Infracapital, our infrastructure business, in 2020
                                              we committed new investment into broadband companies
                                              in Wales and Northern Ireland to bring digital connectivity
                                              to currently underserved rural communities. Through these
                                              investments we expect to deliver high-speed broadband to
                                              226,000 homes, businesses and premises and create over
                                              800 local jobs to support the network build-outs.
                                              These investments enable us to play our role in delivering
                                              an increasingly essential service to society in tandem with
                                              delivering value to our clients.




8 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Making a difference the M&G way

Investing in the green economy



                                                                                                               Strategic Report
M&G is helping the UK to move to cleaner forms of transport
through its investments in new battery technology and
electric vehicles.
Infracapital has invested £150 million to help Zenobe Energy
accelerate the UK’s transition to a green energy system
through grid-scale battery services and electric vehicle
charging infrastructure services. Within two years, Zenobe
Energy expects to deploy around 1,000 more electric buses
or vehicles through its network, saving approximately
770,000 tonnes of CO2 over 15 years – a carbon saving
equivalent of 2.5 million trees.
This is just one example of how institutional capital can be


                                                                                                               Governance
used to support the development of new technology that
will combat climate change and improve air quality for us all.




                                                                                                               Financial information




                                                                                                               Other information




                                                                 M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 9
Interim Chair’s statement

Welcome to our 2020 Annual Report
It is my privilege as Interim Chair of your
Company to introduce the 2020 M&G plc
Annual Report, which covers our first full year as
an independent business dedicated to helping
people to manage and grow their savings

Mike Evans, our Chair, has taken                On behalf of all of us at M&G, I would like   It is a testament to the incredible
a temporary leave of absence due                to express my sincere condolences to          dedication, hard work and
to a stress-related illness. I hope             those of you who have lost much-loved         professionalism of our M&G colleagues,
you will join me in wishing Mike a              relatives and friends during the year,        partners and suppliers that we have
speedy recovery.                                and our sympathies for the difficulties       continued to operate with great
                                                so many more have faced. The discovery        resilience and minimal disruption
If Mike were writing this introduction,
                                                of effective vaccines gives us all hope,      to the customers and clients who
I am sure he would have said that
                                                and although it is likely to be some time     have depended on us to look after
2020 was not the year he expected.
                                                before societies re-open fully, we remain     their money.
It has been a year dominated by
                                                optimistic about the future.
the COVID-19 pandemic, which has                                                              We believe that now more than ever,
created unprecedented challenges                Times like these are a test of purpose        good governance and running our
for businesses and governments                  and of our core values of care and            business in a sustainable way will deliver
everywhere. Millions of people around           integrity. We are proud of how our            stronger returns in the long-term for our
the world have been affected by                 business has risen remarkably to the          customers, clients and shareholders,
economic hardship, illness and the              challenges we have faced this year: in        and better outcomes for society.
loss of people close to them.                   the way in which we have looked after
                                                our customer and clients, supported
                                                our colleagues and given back to our
                                                communities. Throughout all the trials
                                                that 2020 has brought, we have never
                                                lost sight of who we are here to serve.




           We believe that now more than
           ever before, good governance
             and running our business in
            a sustainable way will deliver
              stronger returns over the
            long-term for our customers,
           clients and shareholders, and
            better outcomes for society.”
                                      Fiona Clutterbuck
                                         Interim Chair




10 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                                                                                   It’s a testament
                                                                                                 to the dedication,


                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                                                                                    hard work and
                                                                                                 professionalism of
                                                                                                all M&G colleagues,
                                                                                                     partners and
The principles of sustainability are at       Replacing Robin as Non-Executive                 suppliers that we’ve
the heart of everything we do at M&G.         Director and Chair of the Remuneration           continued to operate
As the stewards of £367.2 billion             Committee is Clare Chapman.
in assets under management and                Clare brings a wealth of leadership
                                                                                                    with resilience
administration, we have a responsibility      experience from both the public sector                  throughout

                                                                                                                                           Governance
to make a positive difference to society
and the environment, as well as
                                              and international business, including
                                              senior executive roles at BT Group,
                                                                                                   the pandemic.”
                                                                                                         Fiona Clutterbuck
continuing to deliver good outcomes for       the UK Department of Health and                               Interim Chair
customers and clients, and attractive         Social Care and Tesco. She has also
returns to shareholders. The Board gives      held a number of Non-Executive roles
full consideration to environmental,          at listed companies over the past
social and governance (ESG) factors           decade. Her appointment is effective
when assessing the impact of decisions.       from 15 March 2021. Let me take this
                                              opportunity on behalf of the Board to
The Companies Act 2006 requires
                                              record our gratitude to both Robin and




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
Directors to take into consideration
                                              Caroline for the invaluable contributions
the interests of stakeholders in their
                                              they have made in helping to establish
decision-making. We are complying with
                                              M&G plc as an independent Company,
that requirement and have set out how
                                              and to welcome Clare to M&G.
our Directors have discharged this duty.
You can read more in our Section 172          You can find a summary of our Board
Statement on page 84 of the governance        evaluation process and the outcomes
section of this report, and on pages 4,       and actions on page 96.
60 and 64 of the Strategic Report.
                                              Dividend
Governance                                    The Board’s policy is to pay stable
As M&G plc grows its global                   or increasing dividends over time.



                                                                                                                                           Other information
presence, we have been keen to                We were pleased to be able to maintain
broaden the membership of the                 our dividend policy in 2020 during the
Board to introduce more diverse               COVID-19 pandemic, recognising the
perspectives. In April, Massimo Tosato        importance of dividend income to many
was appointed as a Non-Executive              long-term savers and investors at this
Director, bringing more than 30 years         time. Having paid an interim dividend
of experience in international asset          in September 2020 of 6.00p per share,
management to M&G plc. In addition            the Board proposes a second interim
to joining the Remuneration Committee,        dividend in respect of 2020 of 12.23p
Massimo has also become Chair of              per share. Payable in April 2021, this will
M&G Group Limited.                            maintain the total ordinary dividend at
                                              the previous year’s level.
In October, I joined the Board as Senior
Independent Director, replacing Caroline      Thank you to all our shareholders,
Silver, who stepped down earlier in the       customers, clients, colleagues and
year due to other demands on her time.        partners for your support this year,
                                              and best wishes to you all in 2021.
I also joined the Audit, Risk, Remuneration
and Nomination Committees. While              Fiona Clutterbuck
                                              Interim Chair
I am Interim Chair, Clare Thompson,
Chair of the Audit Committee, has taken
on the responsibilities of the Senior
Independent Director.
We also say farewell to Robin Lawther,
who will step down from the Board
on 15 March 2021 due to other
professional commitments.



                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 11
Market and industry trends

Opportunities for growth
Long-term structural changes are driving demand
for active, high-value savings and investments
solutions globally


 The market forces shaping the global savings and investments industry
 The savings and investments industry is large, with $21 trillion of assets in Europe alone. We expect this
 to increase rapidly in the coming years, driven by four long-term economic and demographic trends:




 Longer lives                      Savings gap                         Cash yields                         New economy
 Improvements in medicine,         Ageing societies place              In Europe, there are over           The concept of sustainable
 diet and working conditions       greater financial strain            €11 trillion of deposits            investing was little more
 are enabling most of              on both retirees and on             sitting idle in cash, of which      than an idea at the turn of
 us to live longer lives.          governments supporting              €1.8 trillion is in the UK alone.   the century but, in just 20
 Across Europe, the number         them. Across the world,             In many countries, household        years, it has transformed
 of people aged 65 or over         this is leading to a widening       cash savings increased to           the savings and investments
 is expected to increase by        gap between the amount              record levels during the            market, establishing itself
 more than 50 million over         that people have saved and          pandemic. However, most             as one of its largest and
 the next 40 years, according      the amount they actually            of these cash deposits are          fastest-growing segments.
 to Eurostat. That’s a total       need in order to maintain           earning very low or negative        This shift has defined new
 of 150 million retirees,          a comfortable retirement.           real returns, due to continued      norms for investors, as
 equivalent to 30% of the          In the UK alone, the World          ultra-low interest rates            they are now expected to
 region’s total population.        Economic Forum estimates            and the effects of inflation.       maximise not only financial
                                   this gap will grow from             Many savers want alternative        returns, but also the positive
 Greater life expectancy
                                   an already substantial $8           options which offer the             impact they have.
 requires everyone to
                                   trillion in 2015, to $33 trillion   potential for better returns
 save more in order to                                                                                     As the world tackles
                                   by 2050.                            than cash, but with less risk
 fund a longer retirement.                                                                                 the climate emergency,
                                                                       than full exposure to stock
 At the same time, the             It is therefore increasingly                                            businesses that are helping
                                                                       market volatility.
 ever increasing old-age           important that people start                                             the transition to a lower
 dependency ratio (the ratio       saving earlier, save more                                               carbon economy need
 of people beyond working          and invest in assets which                                              large amounts of capital
 age to those of working           generate good investment                                                to develop innovative
 age) reduces the resources        returns. Trusted partners like                                          technical solutions
 available to governments          M&G can help people achieve                                             and build new energy
 to fund public pension            these goals and live the lives                                          infrastructure. This means
 schemes. This is leading          that they want.                                                         growing opportunities to
 more countries to defer the                                                                               put savers’ money to work
 statutory retirement age.                                                                                 investing in companies
                                                                                                           and projects which will
                                                                                                           transform our environment
                                                                                                           and society for the better,
                                                                                                           as well as offering the
                                                                                                           potential for sustainable
                                                                                                           financial returns.




12 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Economic and financial                         10-year interest rates
market developments                            %

Global investor confidence was badly           3




                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
shaken in the first half of 2020 with the
outbreak of COVID-19. Equity markets           2
fell steeply in March as investors             1
anticipated the inevitable recession
which would result from the economic           0
impact of the measures needed to
                                               -1
contain the virus. At its trough towards
the end of March, the FTSE 100 index                     2011        2012      2013   2014   2015     2016     2017     2018     2019     2020
of leading UK companies was down by
more than one-third from the start of               UK          US          Europe

the year.                                      Source: Bloomberg, European Central Bank




                                                                                                                                                   Governance
Since then, there has been a marked
recovery in both bond and equity               Savings and investments                              Shifts in global policy, especially in
markets, bolstered by supportive               industry developments                                respect of climate change, are fueling
economic policies from governments                                                                  this trend, as well as an increased
                                               There are now three well-established
and, towards the end of the year, positive                                                          appetite among both individual and
                                               trends in the propositions being
news on vaccines for COVID-19.                                                                      institutional investors for their long-term
                                               developed by the global savings and
                                                                                                    savings to have a positive impact on
Credit spreads on corporate bonds              investments industry for customers
                                                                                                    society and the environment.
tightened to pre-pandemic levels, while        and clients:
many equity markets rallied sharply to
                                               – the rise of passive strategies in
                                                                                                    Outlook



                                                                                                                                                   Financial information
regain losses. In fact, the S&P 500 index                                                           Structural changes to the global
                                                 public markets
of leading US shares ended the year                                                                 economy, largely driven by ageing
16% higher.                                    – high and growing demand for actively
                                                                                                    populations, will continue to provide
                                                 managed private asset portfolios
Appetite for risk assets continues to be                                                            long-term support to the savings and
                                               – environmental, social and governance               investments industry.
buoyed by historically low interest rates,
                                                 (ESG) factors and sustainable
with the cost of borrowing now negative                                                             In the near term, the vast amount of
                                                 investing is rising exponentially
or close to zero in many of the world’s                                                             cash earning little or no return in deposit
major economies.                               Passive strategies are taking a growing              accounts is a clear opportunity for asset
                                               share of public market assets, but at very           managers which are able to provide
                                               low revenue margins. As much as 24%                  diversified investment solutions offering
Global GDP growth                              of global assets under management will               consistent returns.



                                                                                                                                                   Other information
%                                              be in passive strategies by 2024, up from
                                               18% in 2018, according to estimates                  At the same time, the desire among
2016                                   3.3
                                               from international consultancy Boston                individuals and institutions for their long-
2017                                     3.8   Consulting Group, but with their share               term savings to have more of a positive
2018                                   3.5     of the overall fee pool remaining static             impact on the planet will favour those
                                               at just 6%.                                          asset managers which put sustainability
2019                               2.8
                                                                                                    at the heart of their business.
2020                     (4.4)                 At the same time, demand for actively
                                               managed private assets is high and                   Given these supportive macro-trends
Source: IMF, World Economic Outlook,
October 2020                                   rising. In part, this is being driven by             in the savings and investments market,
                                               the compression of investment returns                we’re optimistic about the growth
                                               available in public markets as a result              trajectory of our business. Over the


+50m
                                               of central bank action since the 2008                medium-term, we plan to broaden our
                                               global financial crisis. Though such                 range of propositions in our different
                                               assets tend to be less liquid than public            geographic locations – bringing more of
Growth in estimated number of
people aged 65 or over in Europe               market assets, the additional returns                our expertise in savings and investments
in the next 40 years                           available make them an ideal fit for                 to more customers and clients, in
                                               investors with long-term liability profiles          more markets.


+$33trn
                                               such as pension and insurance funds.
                                               The third major trend in savings
UK estimated pension savings                   and investments is the increasingly
gap growth by 2050
                                               mainstream use of ESG investment
                                               strategies. Annual growth in assets

€11trn+
Deposits sitting idle
                                               managed in line with ESG considerations
                                               is running at 16%, compared with 3% for
                                               conventional investment approaches,
in cash in Europe                              according to GSIA Global Sustainable
                                               Investment Review 2018.


                                                                                                    M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 13
Our business model

What we do and how we do it
Our purpose                     To help people manage and grow
                                 their savings so they can live the
                                  life they want, while making the
                                world a little better along the way.

What we do


        Savings and Asset Management                                                        Heritage

 – We provide a range of savings and asset management              – We manage the investments for annuity customers
   solutions to retail, wholesale and institutional                  and other customers with long-term savings
   customers and clients globally.                                   products such as traditional with-profits policies.
 – Our solutions range from mutual funds to smoothed               – Our Heritage business is closed to new customers,
   solutions backed by our leading With-Profits Fund,                but the long-term nature of solutions written in
   through to pooled and bespoke segregated mandates                 the past means we expect existing customers to
   for institutional clients.                                        be with us for many years to come.

         £332m                         £232.3bn                           £699m                        £133.7bn
    Adjusted operating profit       Assets under management           Adjusted operating profit   Assets under management
           before tax                  and administration                    before tax              and administration




How we do it

        Savings and Asset Management                                                        Heritage
 – Our solutions are backed by investment management               – For our annuity customers, we carefully manage
   capabilities spanning both public and private markets.            investments in order to generate the regular income
   Our approach to investing is active, thoughtful,                  we’ve agreed to pay them for their retirement.
   long-term and responsible.                                      – Heritage customers are invested in the same With-
 – Our distribution is diversified. In UK Retail, our                Profits Fund which powers smoothed solutions in
   solutions are distributed through independent                     our Savings and Asset Management segment. This is
   financial advisers and through our own wealth                     a £143.2 billion global multi-asset fund with a strong
   management platform. Internationally, we partner                  track record of smoothed returns spanning decades.
   with local and global banks. Solutions for our                  – In our Heritage business, we hold capital to protect
   institutional clients are typically arranged directly             customers’ outcomes and in doing so we actively
   or in cooperation with specialist consultants.                    manage our balance sheet to be as efficient as
 – We continually invest in new technologies to help                 possible with our financial resources.
   our customers and their advisers interact more easily           – Heritage customers also benefit from our ongoing
   and effectively with us, while improving efficiency.              investments in technology and innovation.




     Read more
     Pages 42-46
                                         Sustainability in everything we do
                                       We believe that a well governed business runs in a
                                  sustainable way, delivers stronger, more resilient investment
                                       returns in the long-term for customers, clients and
                                   shareholders, and better outcomes for society. That’s why
                                    we are incorporating sustainable thinking into everything
                                   we do; from the way we invest, to the way we operate our
                                      offices and interact with our customers and clients.


14 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
         Making a difference the M&G way             The outcomes we achieve
                                                      for our key stakeholders



                                                                                                             Strategic Report
      We have a strong
      business model
As an asset manager and asset owner,
 we are best placed to bring value to
retail customers, institutional clients
      and shareholders through:                        Customers and clients
                                                  Strong investment outcomes delivered
    A diversified and resilient source             through innovative propositions that

                                                                                                             Governance
               of earnings.                           address their financial needs.
   In-house sponsorship of innovation
  and access to seed capital, to deliver
  new investment propositions to meet
  changing customer and client needs.
An integrated retail offering that supports
 customers along the entire savings and



                                                                                                             Financial information
        investments value chain.
   Access to diverse and specialised                           Colleagues
 asset management capabilities which            A great place to work. Growth and talent
 provide scope for higher asset returns        development opportunities. At the forefront
  for customers and clients and higher                  of new ways of working.
        margins for shareholders.
   Investment expertise and financial
     strength to make a difference in
          sustainable investing.


                                                                                                             Other information

                                                                 Investors
                                                     Sustainable, attractive returns.
                                               Balance of profitable growth and dividends.




                                                   Communities and charities
                                                 Resilient, inclusive communities in which
                                                   people can live the lives they want.




                                              More information on all our stakeholders
                                              Pages 84-89


                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 15
Our business model continued

How we create shareholder value
IFRS profit after tax
Profit after tax is a key performance measure as it demonstrates to our shareholders the financial performance of the Group
during the year on an IFRS basis. Adjusted operating profit before tax is also a key performance measure as it demonstrates the
Group’s longer-term performance and is less affected by short-term market volatility and non-recurring items than IFRS profit.
IFRS profit after tax is adjusted operating profit before tax plus adjusting items and tax.

     More on adjusted operating profit before tax
     Page 30




 IFRSprofit
 IFRS profit   drivers
            drivers




                                                                                                       Adjusting
                                                                                                       items                   Tax

                                                                                                       £609m                   £(255)m
                                                                                                                                                    IFRS profit
                                                                                                                                                       after tax

                             Heritage                  Corporate Centre                                                                       £1,142m
                             £699m                     £(243)m
                                                                                Adjusted operating
                                        Other                                   profit before tax
                                        54                                      £788m
                                        Annuities
    Savings and Asset
    Management
                                        438
    £332m
                                        With-Profits
              With-Profits
              44                        207
              Asset
              Management
              316
              Other
              (28)


    Asset Management                                                                    Other
 Our Asset Management business manages assets on behalf of external                  Other profits and losses arise across both the Savings and Asset
 retail customers and institutional clients, as well as most of our own              Management and Heritage segments. They are derived from business
 internal funds. We generate revenues by charging fees which are typically           outside of Asset Management, Annuities and With-Profits, and include
 based on the level of assets under management. The fee level will depend            profits and losses from platform and service entity functions as well
 on the type and size of customer or client, and the type of assets being            as gains and losses on our seed capital investments and smaller
 managed. Adjusted operating profit before tax is the margin remaining               international operations.
 after deducting operating expenses from revenue earned.                                Corporate Centre
    Annuities                                                                        The Corporate Centre includes the expenses relating to the operation of
 Our book of Annuities is a business whereby our customers have paid us              our Head Office functions, and interest costs related to the £3.2 billion
 a lump sum in exchange for a regular stream of retirement income for the            nominal value of debt in issue.
 rest of their lives. We invest these lump sums in assets which generate cash
 flows closely matched to the expected future payments. The expected value              Adjusting items and tax
 of all future payments is booked as a liability on the balance sheet with a         There are two significant components excluded from adjusted operating
 margin of prudence. The main recurring sources of profit are the investment         profit before tax.
 return on assets in excess of those allocated to match liabilities, and the         Firstly, short-term investment fluctuations which, for our annuity
 release of prudent margins as the business runs off.                                business, include credit experience variances and fair value movements
 Changes to assumptions over time can increase or decrease the liability,            on surplus assets. For our with-profits business, it includes fair value
 resulting in a gain or loss. Life expectancy is the most important of such          movements on instruments held today to hedge shareholder transfers
 assumptions. Gains or losses may also be generated by changes in asset              expected to emerge in the future. Driven by market conditions, gains on
 allocation or trading, and by other provision and reserve movements.                such instruments were key factors behind the positive results of 2020.
                                                                                     The second key component is one-off Group-wide restructuring and
    With-Profits                                                                     transformation costs.
 Customers in our Heritage segment, and in the Savings and Asset
 Management segment through our PruFund offering, invest in our                      Further detail on our adjusted operating profit before tax methodology
 unique £143bn With-Profits Fund. Typically, we structure solutions on               can be found on page 188.
 a 90:10 basis, which means our customers receive 90% of the total                   Taxes are primarily corporation tax on profits. The effective tax rate in
 returns generated by the fund, and the remaining 10% is allocated to                2020 was 18.3%, closely aligned to the UK corporate tax rate.
 shareholders. The portion allocated to shareholders is recognised as
 profit when customers access their savings, meaning profit tends to
 arise at the end of the contract. We refer to this profit as the shareholder
 transfer, and we enter into hedging activities to reduce volatility in this
 profit emergence.



16 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Total capital generation
In addition to profit measures we also consider capital generation as a key performance measure. Capital generation analyses
the movement in surplus regulatory capital, as measured by the Solvency II regulations, before dividends and capital movements.



                                                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
The movement in surplus is driven by both the change in available capital (known as own funds under Solvency II), and the
change in regulatory capital requirements. Capital generation is integral to the running and monitoring of our business and
ultimately our dividend policy. We analyse the drivers of capital generation in a similar way to IFRS profit after tax, considering
both operating capital generation and total capital generation as key performance measures.

     More on capital generation
     Page 30


 Capital generation drivers
                             Heritage                  Corporate Centre

                             £1,010m                   £(198)m

                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                                                               Operating
                                                                               capital generation     Non-operating items
                                        With-Profits
                                        179                                    £1,312m                £(191)m
                                                                                                                                    Tax

                                                                                                                      £(126)m                      Total capital
                                                                                                                                                    generation

                                                                                                                                                £995m
                                        Annuities
                                        and other
                                        831



                                                                                                                                                                     Financial information
     Savings and Asset
     Management

     £500m
              With-Profits
              203
              Asset
              Management
              301
              Other
              (4)



                                                                                                                                                                     Other information
    Asset Management                                                                     Other
 The key components of Asset Management operating capital generation                 Drivers of operating capital generation from other business in the
 are the same as adjusted operating profit. The difference between                   Savings and Asset Management and Heritage segments are similar to
 adjusted operating profit and operating capital generation is usually               those described for adjusted operating profit. Differences in quantum
 expected to be small, and reflects the movement in regulatory capital               are normally expected to be relatively small and relate to movement in
 requirements which are not captured within adjusted operating profit.               regulatory capital requirements and other valuation differences.

    Annuities                                                                            Corporate Centre
 At a high level, the main value drivers of operating capital generation             The impact of our Head Office and debt interest costs under Solvency
 are the same as adjusted operating profit, although the calibration of              II are comparable to adjusted operating profit, although some
 the assumptions typically differ. In normal circumstances, the capital              differences do arise, primarily in relation to the Solvency II treatment
 requirements for the annuity business are not expected to be utilised,              of the debt, the inclusion of regulatory capital requirements and other
 so these get released as the business runs off over time. As annuities              valuation differences.
 are relatively capital intensive, operating capital generation is generally
 expected to be higher than adjusted operating profit.                                   Non-operating items and tax
                                                                                     The nature of elements excluded from operating capital generation are
    With-Profits                                                                     similar to the ‘adjusting items’ in IFRS profit, but the impact, particularly
 Solvency II is a market-based framework. Instead of recognising                     with respect to market movements, can differ significantly, as is the
 profit towards the end of the contracts, as described for IFRS profit,              case in 2020. This is mostly due to Solvency II also reflecting market
 the future expected profit – which we refer to as the present value of              movements in our regulatory capital requirements, along with the
 shareholder transfers – contributes to our available capital, and we hold           present value of shareholder transfers for with-profits business.
 a corresponding capital requirement reflecting the risks inherent within
                                                                                     Tax is presented on a Solvency II basis and therefore typically differs
 those future transfers. Operating capital generation in the year reflects
                                                                                     from IFRS tax.
 the movement in these two items, before tax and other non-operating
 items. The movement in the value of the future shareholder transfers
 is driven primarily by the emergence of expected real world returns,
 instead of the risk-free rate which Solvency II requires these transfers to
 be valued with. The change in capital requirements is the net of capital
 released as older business matures, capital requirements created when
 new business is written, and changes in our hedging programme.




                                                                                                                  M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 17
Chief Executive’s statement

A foundational year
In less than ideal conditions, we have achieved                                                      In Asset Management, our Institutional
                                                                                                     business grew attracting £5.1 billion
much in our first full year as an independent                                                        of net client inflows in 2020, driven by
business, laying the foundations for our return                                                      strong investment performance and
                                                                                                     continued investment innovation.
to sustainable growth
                                                                                                     Total AUMA on behalf of external
                                                                                                     institutional clients grew 11% to
                                                                                                     £85.5 billion. Revenue margins
Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic,                      Our shareholder Solvency II coverage          strengthened by two basis points during
M&G continued to deliver on our                        ratio strengthened to 182%, higher than       the year as clients moved more assets
commitments to customers, clients and                  its pre-crisis levels, higher even than its   into higher-value strategies.
shareholders, thanks to our diversified                level at our market listing, and well above
                                                                                                     The success of the Institutional business
and integrated business model and the                  our risk tolerance.
                                                                                                     helped to partially offset another difficult
resolve of my colleagues.
                                                       Despite market volatility, total capital      year in Retail Asset Management.
We also laid the foundations for M&G’s                 generation was £995 million for the year.     Redemptions increased during the year
return to growth, including fixing                                                                   due to weak investment performance of
                                                       We remain committed to our policy of
Retail Asset Management and the                                                                      some of our larger funds.
                                                       a stable or increasing dividend and to
acceleration of our expansion into UK
                                                       our ambitious three-year total capital        In Retail Savings, net client inflows into
wealth management.
                                                       generation target of £2.2 billion.            PruFund, our market-leading smoothed
Above all, we are pivoting the entire                                                                solution for UK savers, remained positive
                                                       However, the COVID-19 pandemic is
business to sustainable investing, so that                                                           at £400 million, but were down on the
                                                       not over yet and financial markets have
as the stewards of the long-term savings                                                             previous year mainly due to pandemic-
                                                       continued to be relatively volatile, so
of millions of people, we can make an                                                                related restrictions on face-to-face
                                                       we need to be mindful that markets can
even bigger difference to people and                                                                 advice. Withdrawals were stable.
                                                       drive large changes in capital generation
the planet.
                                                       in a short period of time.                    The £143.2 billion With-Profits Fund,
A strong and                                           Strength through
                                                                                                     which underpins PruFund, continued
resilient performance                                                                                to generate strong financial outcomes.
                                                       diversification                               Over the five years to the end of 2020,
In an extremely challenging operating
                                                       This strong and resilient financial           the With-Profits Fund produced net
environment, total assets under
                                                       performance owes much to                      investment returns of 6.6% p.ai.
management and administration
                                                       our diversified and integrated
(AUMA) ended the year 4% higher at
                                                       business model.                               Our people
£367.2 billion.
                                                                                                     The passion and resolve of all colleagues
                                                       As asset owner, our proactive
Adjusted operating profit before tax                                                                 has been critical to our operational
                                                       management of the Heritage business
was £788 million, a good outcome given                                                               resilience throughout the COVID-19
                                                       underpinned our earnings and our
that, as an independent company, we                                                                  pandemic. I am extremely proud
                                                       dividend policy.
incurred Head Office and debt costs for                                                              of how, together, we responded to
the first full year.                                                                                 the challenge.




                                  Our integrated business
                                  model and our diversified
                                    earnings position us
                                   well for future growth.”
                                                          John Foley
                                                         Chief Executive




i   Based on the main life fund (OBMG) return for
    the five years to end of 2020. The return is net
    of 30bps p.a. approximate deduction for fees.
    Note that the actual return for the fund will be
    slightly different post hypothecation.
18 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
£2.2bn
Our ambitious three-year total capital




                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
generation target to the end of 2022



The new vaccines give us hope for a
return to some kind of normality. In the
meantime, our priority remains the
well-being and safety of colleagues
while they continue to serve customers
and clients.
As the pandemic spread around the
globe, we responded swiftly and
effectively. Within two weeks in March,


                                                                                                                                           Governance
almost all of our circa 6,000 staff were
equipped to work safely from home,
wherever in the world they are based.
We put no colleague on furlough
and received no financial assistance                                                         Making a difference the M&G way
from governments.
                                                                                             Using AI to deliver
Flexible working patterns and
allowances for equipment helped our
                                                                                             strong returns
                                                                                             Launched in December 2019, the




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
colleagues to remain productive and
safe while serving our customers and                                                         M&G (Lux) Global Maxima Fund
clients from their homes.                                                                    approaches investing in a very
                                                                                             different way to other M&G equity
We encouraged colleagues to prioritise                                                       strategies. Fund managers use
care for dependents and help for their                                                       artificial intelligence to analyse
local communities. M&G donated                                                               historic data about thousands
more than £1.3 million to charities and                                                      of companies to learn what drives
non-profit groups helping those worst                                                        share price outperformance,
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.                                                           using this information to make
The Group Executive Committee and                                                            selections to the portfolio. Maxima’s
                                                 We also cut fees across our UK retail
I are profoundly grateful to colleagues                                                      performance for its first customers,



                                                                                                                                           Other information
                                                 fund range to be more competitive, while
for their passionate commitment to                                                           in our Prudential South Africa
                                                 passing on the benefit of economies of
customers and clients, and to our                                                            business, has been promising,
                                                 scale to European clients.
business during these difficult times.                                                       delivering a 19.02% return in 2020
                                                 To improve fund performance,                compared to its MSCI AC World index
Fixing Retail                                    we have introduced institutional            benchmark of 16.8%i.
Asset Management                                 investment disciplines, moved to team-
In August we set out what we were                oriented management and bolstered


                                                                                            80%
doing to reinvigorate our retail                 data modelling.
funds business and we have made                  Performance of our mutual fund range
good progress.                                   markedly improved in the second half       Employee sustainable engagement score
We have begun the revamp of the                  of 2020, with 66% of funds, weighted
product range, refreshing some funds             by size, performing above median on a
and consolidating others.                        6-month basis, and 78% on a 3-month
                                                 basis (as at 31 December 2020).
Our new propositions, like the
Climate Solutions Fund launched in               Over time, we are confident that these
November, are aimed at the growing               measures will help us to retain assets
market for sustainable savings and               and return to net inflows.
investment strategies.




i   Source: Morningstar, performance of
    M&G (Lux) Global Maxima Fund USD Acc
    12/12/2019-11/12/2020 net of fees, vs MSCI
    ACWI NR USD index.
                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 19
Chief Executive’s statement continued




M&G Wealth                                     Together, they form M&G Wealth. With        We see the rapid growth in sustainable
                                               £28 billion of assets under management      investing and environmental, social
In September, we acquired the Ascentric
                                               and administration, we see M&G              and governance (ESG) strategies as a
adviser business from insurer Royal
                                               Wealth as a powerful new force in UK        permanent, structural change in the
London, accelerating our expansion into
                                               wealth management.                          behaviour of customers and clients.
the fast-growing market for UK wealth
management services.                           Our aim is to put PruFund, our market-      Only active investment managers are
                                               leading smoothed solution for UK            equipped to deliver the full benefits of
Ascentric brought £15.5 billion of
                                               customers, on to the M&G Wealth             sustainable investing, through exclusion
new assets under management and
                                               platform, opening up access to the          and the active direction of capital
administration, as well as 95,000 new
                                               proposition to a wider group of advisers    for impact.
customers and relationships with more
                                               and savers.
than 4,000 advisers.                                                                       M&G has a long history as a responsible
Critically, it gave us an important            Sustainable investing                       steward of savers’ capital and we are
                                                                                           well-placed to champion sustainable
component for our integrated wealth            It is our belief that a sustainably-run
                                                                                           investing because of our combination
business: an adviser platform on which         and well-governed company will deliver
                                                                                           as asset owner and asset manager.
their customers’ long-term savings can         better overall outcomes for customers
be consolidated and administered.              and clients, and stronger, more resilient   It gives us a number of competitive
                                               returns to shareholders.                    advantages, including our ability as asset
In the autumn, we formally combined
                                                                                           owner to direct capital to sustainable
Ascentric with our two restricted              We are embedding the principles of
                                                                                           opportunities and its sponsorship of
advisory arms, Prudential Financial            sustainability across our business, with
                                                                                           innovation in investment.
Planning and The Advice Partnership,           ambitious corporate targets on net
as well as the reinvigorated M&G direct        zero carbon emissions and on diversity      An example of this is the With-Profits
funds business.                                and inclusion.                              Fund’s allocation of £5 billion to a new
                                                                                           innovative private assets strategy which
                                               On our client investment portfolios, we
                                                                                           aims to make a positive contribution to
                                               are committed to achieving net zero
                                                                                           society and the environment.
                                               carbon emissions by 2050, in line with
                                               the Paris Agreement.




 Making a difference the M&G way

 Growing global
 private assets
 Building on our long established
 expertise in private credit and private
 equity, in 2020 we established
 Catalyst, a new global investment
 team financing privately owned
 businesses which have traditionally
 found it hard to access institutional
 capital. Catalyst will be investing on
 behalf of our With-Profits Fund and
 external institutional clients, with a
 focus on investments which aim to
 create a more sustainable future for
 the planet.




20 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
350,000                                                                                   Positive outlook
                                              In 2020, we identified further savings
                                              from modernisation as we reshaped the
                                                                                          The foundational work we have
                                              business in the face of the pandemic.
Prudential customers using                                                                undertaken over the past 12 months



                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
our MyPru online portal                       In line with our priority of supporting     means that we are well-positioned to
                                              colleague well-being during the crisis,     seize the structural growth opportunities
                                              we dropped our target for a 10%             in our markets.
To implement this strategy, we formed
a new global team of private asset            reduction in staff costs during the year.
                                                                                          Demand for high-value savings and
investors called Catalyst, whose job          Nonetheless, 250 colleagues took            investment solutions will continue to
is to identify sustainable investment         voluntary redundancy and we continue        be driven for many decades by ageing
opportunities among new and emerging          to seek to reduce costs.                    populations, the widening savings
private companies.                                                                        gap, low interest rates and the shift to
                                              Ready for growth                            sustainable investing.
Catalyst is one in a series of innovations
                                              Our growth strategy is to leverage
in this field, which included the launch of                                               In the UK, we will complete the revamp
                                              the asset owner and asset manager
the Climate Solutions Fund in November.                                                   of our retail funds offering and continue

                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                              combination, while modernising our
                                                                                          to expand M&G Wealth by adding to the
Later this year, we will launch a             business, the targeted acquisition of
                                                                                          range of propositions and tax wrappers.
sustainable version of PruFund, our           new capabilities, and further innovation.
market-leading smoothed solution for                                                      Internationally, we will deepen our
                                              We are doing this while pivoting the
UK retail savers.                                                                         relationships with our European partners
                                              entire business to the rapidly growing
                                                                                          to obtain a greater share of investment
Further modernisation                         global market for sustainable investing.
                                                                                          wallet, while growing our investment
We continued with our five-year               As this report shows, we laid firm          capabilities in Singapore and the US.
digital transformation programme              foundations for future growth by
to strengthen the operations of the                                                       Above all, we will champion sustainable
                                              resetting parts of the business and




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
Heritage business, to improve outcomes                                                    investing, with a series of innovations
                                              strengthening others, while still meeting
for our 5.3 million retail customers,                                                     for customers and clients, including
                                              our commitments to customers, clients,
and to achieve business efficiencies.                                                     PruFund Planet, the sustainable version
                                              colleagues and shareholders.
                                                                                          of our market-leading smoothed
We have now moved the accounts of             In Europe, we expanded our sub-             savings solution.
more than 800,000 customers from              advisory business. A PruFund-like
a mix of legacy systems on to the                                                         Our financial focus will remain on capital
                                              proposition is operationally ready for
administration platform of our strategic                                                  generation to create long-term value for
                                              European clients. We are working on the
IT partner Diligenta, part of Tata                                                        shareholders and to underpin our policy
                                              necessary approvals for its distribution.
Consultancy Services.                                                                     of a stable or increasing dividend.
                                              International operations were
In addition, we increased the number of                                                   We will also continue with the work
                                              strengthened with a new investment
                                                                                          to improve the operational efficiency



                                                                                                                                         Other information
Prudential customers with online access       hub in Chicago and a new fixed income
to detailed and up-to-the-moment                                                          of our entire business through further
                                              team. We also opened a European asset
information on their accounts through                                                     modernisation, while balancing this
                                              management desk to Brexit-proof our
the MyPru application, a real innovation                                                  against the need to invest for growth.
                                              Asset Management business.
in our digital service.                                                                   As ever, there will be headwinds. But the
                                              We agreed to take majority control of
Across the IT estate, our goal is to                                                      resilience of the M&G business model
                                              our South African operation, which has
simplify, and we remain on track to                                                       has been demonstrated by the demands
                                              £12 billion of assets under management.
reduce the number of applications by                                                      of the COVID-19 pandemic and I am
c.50%.                                        In Institutional, aside from winning        confident we are now in a much stronger
                                              £13 billion of new mandates, we began       position to return to growth.
Adoption of a digital-first approach          the repatriation of £25 billion of North    John Foley
to business was accelerated by the            American and Asian With-Profits Fund        Chief Executive
demands of the COVID-19 pandemic.             mandates from our former parent,
We introduced restricted financial            Prudential plc.
advice via video calls to UK savers who       Alongside this, we created a
cannot or do not wish to leave their          greater sense of One M&G among
homes. This raised the productivity of        colleagues, built around shared values
our advisers, while cutting our carbon        and collaboration.
emissions by 80% over the year.
                                              I led a company-wide programme on
The transformation programme remains          culture and conduct to ensure our
on track to deliver annual run-rate           people live up to our values of care
shareholder cost savings of £145 million      and integrity.
in 2022.




                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 21
Chief Executive’s Q&A

Sustainability at the heart of M&G
 A short conversation with                                                                 Does this mean M&G will
 John Foley, Chief Executive                                                               start to divest from certain
                                                                                           sectors and companies?
                                                                                           John: We will use our influence
                                                                                           as a leading global investor to
 Why is sustainability                         When you talk of a pivot to                 persuade companies to transition
 so important for M&G?                         sustainable investing, what                 to a sustainable future at pace.
 John: We think that a well-governed           does that really mean?                      For example, we want to see investee
 business, run in a sustainable way, will      John: Our responsibility at M&G is to be    companies completely phase out
 deliver better overall outcomes for           good stewards of the capital that our       mining and use of thermal coal by
 customers and clients and stronger,           customers and clients entrust to us.        2030 for developed countries, and
 more resilient returns to shareholders.                                                   2040 for the rest of the world.
                                               We also want to help make the world
 That holds true for us as an                  a little better along the way and we        Our preference has always been
 international company employing               think that many of our customers want       to engage rather than exclude.
 almost 6,000 people around the world          that too.                                   But we will sell the shares and debt of
 – and as the stewards of £367.2 billion                                                   companies which resist this transition.
 of savers’ capital.                           That means not only delivering the
                                               financial outcomes they expect, but
 Companies which fail to take the              also giving them the opportunity to
 path to sustainability – or do so with        make a positive difference to society
 insufficient urgency – will become non-
 investable and, in time, wither away.
                                               or the environment.                            We are weaving
 So how has M&G put its
                                               So for new M&G investment
                                               propositions, we are encouraging
                                                                                               sustainability
 own operations on a more                      a dual goals approach, where there             into everything
                                               is both a financial objective and a
 sustainable footing?
 John: Since we became an
                                               sustainability objective.                          we do.”
                                                                                                          John Foley
 independent company in October                And we are actively looking for
                                                                                                         Chief Executive
 2019, we have worked hard to embed            opportunities to channel new capital
 the principles of sustainability into all     to those companies developing
 our activity.                                 solutions to tackle societal or             Why do you think M&G can
                                               environmental issues.                       make a positive difference
 We have ambitious corporate targets
 on climate and on improving diversity         What are you doing about                    in sustainable investing?
 and inclusion across our workforce.           existing investments                        John: We have some unique
 Our goal is to reduce the carbon              which do not have a                         advantages stemming from our
                                                                                           combination as asset manager
 emissions from our own operations             sustainability objective?
 to net zero by 2030, at latest.                                                           and asset owner.
                                               John: Many clients are already asking
 We are also committed to 40% female                                                       With £143.2 billion under
                                               us to switch their investments and
 representation at senior levels of the                                                    management in our With-Profits
                                               we will encourage others to join us in
 business and 20% representation                                                           Fund, the asset owner has the scale
                                               this action. Environmental, social and
 from Black, Asian and ethnic minorities                                                   and influence to push for positive
                                               governance factors are integrated to
 by 2025.                                                                                  change through its allocation
                                               a high standard across our retail fund
                                                                                           of capital.
 For obvious reasons, our top priority         range in the UK and in Europe.
 has been our response to the COVID-19                                                     That’s why we are channeling
                                               With more clarity around emerging
 pandemic. Yet even that has helped,                                                       £5 billion into new private companies
                                               international standards, we want to
 as our switch to digital restricted                                                       which aim to make a difference to
                                               convert some portfolios to join our
 advice cut carbon emissions in the                                                        people or the planet.
                                               Planet+ range, which includes ESG+,
 sales division by 80%.                        sustainable and impact funds. In other      The asset owner is also a sponsor
 To ensure the appropriate management          cases, we may offer a sustainability-       of innovation in sustainable investing,
 focus, we have introduced a number            focused version of an existing retail       seeding new strategies, particularly
 of sustainability metrics into our            proposition or institutional mandate.       in infrastructure and private assets.
 remuneration schemes.                         For example, in UK retail savings we are
                                                                                           And as asset manager, we have
                                               planning a sustainability-focused version
                                                                                           built up a reputation for the
                                               of our market leading PruFund.
                                                                                           quality of our engagement with
                                                                                           investee companies.
                                                                                           In a sense, this is not new to us.
                                                                                           After all, we have been responsible
                                                                                           stewards of savers’ capital for more
                                                                                           than 170 years.


22 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Our strategy

Delivering superior outcomes
Our strategy supports                With an established track record in
                                     growing our business and entering
                                                                                     Execution of the Group’s strategy
                                                                                     is supported by four new Mega-
our vision to become                 new markets, we’re ideally placed               Propositions, which aim to produce
the best-loved and most              to capitalise on supportive long-term           a new generation of products



                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
                                     economic trends, deliver superior               and solutions for our customers
successful savings and               outcomes for customers and clients              and clients. Active+ represents our
investment business                  and to generate sustainable value for           core investment and stewardship
                                     shareholders. Our approach is based             capabilities; Smooth+ combines our
                                     on key strategic pillars, covering our          active asset management and balance
                                     growth markets within Retail Savings            sheet to provide insured solutions;
                                     and Asset Management, and the active            Planet+ underpins our sustainability
                                     management of our Heritage business.            and impact propositions; and Custom+
                                                                                     offers sub-advised solutions as a
                                     Our strategy also includes the
                                                                                     service through a customised set of
                                     promotion of One M&G, which aims
                                                                                     active asset management components.
                                     to embed the vision, culture and

                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                     benefits of the combined Group as
                                     a single entity, fostering a spirit of
                                     collaboration, supporting new ways of
                                     working and embedding sustainability
                                     as we pursue long-term growth.



                                          Our strategic priorities




                                                                                                                                     Financial information



                             Protect                                         Revitalise
                             Heritage                                           UK


                                                     ital Manag


                                                                                                                                     Other information
                                                e Cap          em
                                             tiv                          t
                                        Ac                              en


                                                       One M&G


                   Build                                                                     Expand
               International                O                            y                 Institutional
                                                pe
                                                     rat           i e nc
                                                                fic
                                                         ional Ef




                                                          Grow
                                                         Europe




                                See pages 24-29 for how we’re delivering on our strategy
                     See pages 35 for more on Active Capital Management and Operational Efficiency




                                                                                      M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 23
Our strategy continued

How we deliver on our strategy
        One M&G
        Turn collaboration into competitive advantage
        and embed sustainability in everything we do



 Making a difference the M&G way

 Creating an inclusive culture
 Our leaders are key to creating a
 strong, inclusive culture. During 2020,
 over 1,000 people managers,
 including all senior leaders and
 members of the Group Executive
 Committee, took part in virtual
 training on how to lead with respect,
 care and integrity. Our 100 most
 senior leaders also participated in
 a 360-degree feedback exercise.



As a recently merged and newly-                – Embrace change: Support growth             – We’ve also committed to reducing
independent business, we continue                through new ways of working and              our operational carbon emissions
to make organisational changes and               ongoing transformation, underpinning         as a corporate entity to net zero by
to modernise so that we can capture              colleagues’ welfare and reducing our         2030. Much is still to be done, but
the competitive advantages and other             carbon footprint. Greater use of digital     during 2020 we’ve achieved RE100
benefits of operating as a single entity.        technology will improve effectiveness        compliance – which measures our
We’re working hard to deliver our                and efficiency, leading to better            use of renewable energy – four years
vision through new ways of working,              customer and client engagement               ahead of schedule. Over 99% of our
greater collaboration across the business        and response.                                global office estate is now powered by
and by embedding the principles of                                                            renewable energy or Energy Attribute
sustainability in everything we do,            Our progress in 2020                           Certificates (EAC) purchase. We’re
considering both the opportunities             – We’ve successfully established a new         also now offsetting the carbon impact
and risks. This way we will create a             M&G Code of Conduct to help bring            of all business travel and the estimated
sustainable business for the long-term.          our culture to life. Our Code guides         energy use of our colleagues working
                                                 colleagues on coming together to             from home.
Our priorities                                   work as one team, and creating an          – Our business and our colleagues
– Support the culture of One M&G:                environment where we all feel safe,          adapted quickly to the new ways of
  Realise the vision, promote the culture        valued and heard. It outlines how we         working following the pandemic-
  and access the benefits of M&G plc             put our values and behaviours into           related restrictions of office
  as a single merged entity – one team           action every day and how we’re always        occupation. Home-working capacity
  aligned around one purpose, one                doing the right thing by our customers,      increased to include almost all of our
  vision and one mission.                        clients, investors, regulators,              nearly 6,000 colleagues within two
– Promote diversity and inclusion:               communities, and each other.                 weeks in March, ensuring we were
  Our Global D&I strategy lays out our         – During 2020, we made a commitment            able to keep serving our customers
  priorities and goals around gender,            to achieve net zero carbon emissions         and clients with minimal disruption.
  LGBT+, disability, ethnicity/nationality       on our total book of assets under
  and life stages. During the year we            management and administration by            Key performance indicators
  announced our commitment for 40%               2050, in line with the Paris Agreement.
  of senior leaders to be women and
  20% to be from a Black, Asian or
                                                 Within our investments business,
                                                 we’ve invested in improving our                  30%                 80%
                                                                                                    Female             Employee
  minority ethnic background by 2025,            research and analysis capability and          representation         sustainable
  in the process becoming the first              developing proprietary analytical           among the executive   engagement score
  savings and investment company to              tools across assets, sectors and            committee and their      (2019: 68%)
  announce an ethnicity target.                  geographies. This will improve our data        direct reports
                                                                                                                       Read more
                                                                                                 (2019: 30%)
– Embed sustainability considerations            on our investments’ exposure to the                                   Page 63
                                                                                                  Read more
  in everything we do: Strengthen                financial risks and opportunities from
                                                                                                                      3,126
                                                                                                  Page 60
  our role in driving societal change            climate change, and other societal and
  and promote better alignment with              environmental issues, to help us better                            Direct Carbon
  our clients’ ESG objectives, both              determine the actions we need to take.                            Emissions: Scope
                                                                                                                    1 and 2 (tCO2e)
  as a corporate, with significant                                                                                   (2019: 4,007)
  invested assets of our own, and as
                                                                                                                       Read more
  an asset manager.                                                                                                    Page 47


24 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
        Revitalise UK
        Reinvigorating our business in our largest market


                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
        to meet changing customer and client needs

Our current retail presence is focused on   Our progress in 2020                       – Our with-profits proposition continues
the mass market in retail savings – where                                                to provide customers with a smoothed
                                            – In October, we established M&G
we have a strong presence through                                                        return, reducing the volatility of
                                              Wealth in the UK. This brings
PruFund and the Retirement Account                                                       direct investing in the markets and
                                              together our well-established adviser
(a flexible personal pension to enable                                                   providing access to a wide range of
                                              businesses of Prudential Financial
policyholders to save for retirement and                                                 asset strategies.
                                              Planning and The Advice Partnership,
take an income from the same plan) –
                                              together with Ascentric, the digital
and on more affluent customers in our                                                   Key performance indicators
                                              wealth management platform we


                                                                                                                                      Governance
range of mutual funds. We’re looking to                                                 UK Retail Savings and UK Asset
                                              acquired during the year, and M&G
protect this position, and increase our                                                 Management (excludes Institutional
                                              Direct. Together these businesses
exposure to additional opportunities by                                                 Asset Management)
                                              comprise over 90,000 clients, with
accessing a wider range of distribution
                                              assets under administration of
channels, while also developing
propositions that specifically cater for
                                              £28 billion, and underpin our strategy     £109.7bn                £2.2bn
                                              to expand our service offering for               AUMA           Net client outflows
targeted customer segments.                                                                (2019: £93.8bn)   (2019: £2.6bn inflows)
                                              independent advisers, their clients
Our priorities                                and our wider customer base, by
                                              meeting the growing demand for
– Develop and grow M&G Wealth:




                                                                                                                                      Financial information
                                              high-quality advice and supporting
  Access new customers and their
                                              wealth solutions.
  advisers in more affluent segments                                                    Making a difference the M&G way
  of the market, via digital delivery       – We undertook a review of our UK
  of a multi-wrapper proposition              fund range, taking relevant actions to    Tackling climate change
  through Ascentric and the planned           ensure we are offering products to        through targeted
  development of model portfolio and          our customers at competitive pricing.     investment strategies
  discretionary solutions.                    We continue to work on a number
                                                                                        We recently launched our M&G
                                              of initiatives to improve investment
– Rejuvenate our Retail Asset                                                           Climate Solutions strategy, providing
                                              performance and to develop and
  Management business: Unlock                                                           customers with the opportunity
                                              launch new strategies to diversify and
  growth potential with new distribution                                                to address the climate emergency
                                              enhance our client offering, such as
  partners following a refresh and re-                                                  while putting their savings to work.
                                              our new range of volatility-managed



                                                                                                                                      Other information
  pricing of our fund range, a focus on                                                 Through its two funds, this positive
                                              sustainable multi-asset funds, and the
  improving investment performance                                                      impact strategy invests in companies
                                              M&G Climate Solutions fund.
  and the launch of new investment                                                      that aim to provide solutions to
  strategies to improve the proposition                                                 the challenge of climate change
  offered to our customers.                                                             while seeking to deliver attractive
– Create sustainable with-profits                                                       investment returns. It focuses on
  investments: Leverage our                                                             three main areas: clean energy, green
  established and unique position,                                                      technology and the promotion of the
  developing additional propositions to                                                 circular economy.
  meet customer needs. This includes
  the planned launch of a sustainability-
  focused version of PruFund, our
  innovative solution for customers who
  value smoothed investment returns
  while knowing that their money is
  delivering positive environmental
  and societal impacts.




                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 25
Our strategy continued




        Expand Institutional
        Broaden our capabilities and internationalise


Our trusted-partner and problem-               – Continue to build pipeline of              – We combined our private and
solving approach, combined with our              innovative client solutions: We              alternative assets capabilities into
first-class credit investment capabilities,      remain focused on creating funds that        a single team. This will help us to
have enabled us to build a strong                meet the specific needs of our clients,      grow our international sourcing and
position in UK Institutional Asset               developing new strategies in proven          business development advantages,
Management over the past two decades.            areas of expertise, such as private          and develop stronger innovation
Mandates tend to be large, long-term,            debt, cash flow driven investments,          through greater collaboration
and are minimally impacted by market             sustainability-focused funds and             between teams.
cycles. High-demand alternative                  emerging markets debt.                     – In December 2020 we created
investment strategies provide scope            – Grow private assets: Continue to             Catalyst, a new team specialising in
for clients to earn higher asset returns,        expand the geographic reach and              sourcing attractive sustainable and
with the potential for us attract better         range of our investment strategies in        impact investment opportunities in
margins for this expertise. We’re                private assets, building on our existing     privately held businesses. Catalyst will
now looking to grow our Institutional            strong and differentiated positions          manage a £5 billion internal mandate
business, particularly internationally.          in private credit, infrastructure and        on behalf of the With-Profits Fund,
                                                 real estate.                                 as well as investing on behalf of
Our priorities
                                                                                              external institutional investors seeking
– Leverage relationships with global           Our progress in 2020                           private credit exposure.
  pension clients: Take our proven             – 2020 was another year of strong
  trusted-partner approach from                  progress, with net client inflows of        Key performance indicators
  the UK into growing international              £5.1 billion, mainly into public debt       Institutional Asset Management
  pension markets, using our deep                offerings including the European
  credit investment capabilities and by
  enhancing existing local distribution
                                                 credit fund, reflecting ongoing
                                                 strong investment performance.
                                                                                               £85.5bn               £5.1bn
                                                                                                    AUMA            Net client inflow
  capabilities in Europe and Asia.               We continue to work on developing              (2019: £70.5bn       (2019: £0.1bn
                                                 our capabilities in Europe and Asia,               AUMA)               outflow)
                                                 with coverage currently extending
                                                 to the Netherlands, Switzerland,
                                                 Norway, South Korea and Japan.




 Making a difference the M&G way

 Focus on Institutional
 Our long-term commitment to this
 business and the breadth of our
 offering to institutional investors
 means that we continue to grow
 relationships five, 10 or even 20 years
 after the initial investment. It is not
 unusual for clients to develop several
 funds with us over time as they
 deepen their strategic partnership
 with us. For example, one client
 has been with us for 12 years, and
 now has £1.5bn invested across five
 different strategies.

26 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
        Grow Europe                                                                    Making a difference the M&G way

                                                                                       Tailor-made solutions
        Build on the success of our trusted partner                                    to meet client needs

                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
        approach and strong brand                                                      In 2020, our Investment Solutions
                                                                                       business in Europe grew by 40%
We’ve distributed funds in Europe since                                                to £3.2 billion in AUMA.
2002 and have a track record of building
strong long-term client relationships.                                                 The arrival of MiFID II has created
We currently operate through offices                                                   a flourishing sub-advisory market
in 10 European countries outside the                                                   in Europe which is changing the
UK, and manage assets of £28.6 billion                                                 distribution landscape. We are
on behalf of our wholesale distribution                                                working with partners including
partners. We anticipate that evolving                                                  private banks and discretionary
distribution partner needs and the low                                                 managers to create customised


                                                                                                                                     Governance
level of cash returns will drive material                                              investment solutions to meet the
growth opportunities in our key markets,                                               volatility and risk appetite of their
but with increasing concentration among                                                end customers.
distributors and providers. That means
we need to adapt our business to take
advantage of new opportunities and
build our scale and reach.

Our priorities




                                                                                                                                     Financial information
– Restore our Retail Asset
  Management fund performance:
  Following a period of net client
  outflows, focus on improvements
  in investment performance and
  the promotion of investment
  strategies that meet the needs of our
  distribution partners, including our
  sustainable investments.
– Enhance investment solutions:
  Improve the delivery of our proposition




                                                                                                                                     Other information
  and broaden the range of solutions
  we offer to clients through greater
  collaboration across the business.        – We continued to build out our            Given sustained low or negative
– Bring smoothed solutions to                 investment solutions proposition,        European bank rates, this solution
  European clients: Launch and                responding to accelerating trends for    has been designed as a first step
  continue the roll out of smoothed           deeper and broader partnerships with     into investment for customers with
  solutions based on PruFund, to meet         a smaller number of counterparties.      a low appetite for risk. With around
  the needs of investors looking for          Investment solutions net assets          €9 trillion currently held in cash
  volatility-managed investments.             increased by over £1.3 billion in        deposits in Europe (ex-UK), there is
                                              2020, to £5.7 billion, with growth       exciting potential for this solution.
Our progress in 2020                          driven by our strong capabilities
– In preparation for Brexit, we               in fixed income, particularly            Key performance indicators
  progressed plans to merge M&G               European Credit, Global High             European Retail Asset
  International Investments into M&G          Yield and Emerging Market Debt.          Management (excluding
  Luxembourg SA. This will form a             In addition to opening significant       Institutional Asset management)
  single entity able to operate as a          new partnerships in Europe, the
  management company for unitised
  funds, act as the distribution company
                                              existing solutions book also proved
                                              resilient during the COVID-19
                                                                                         £28.6bn                £8.4bn
                                                                                             AUMA             Net client outflow
  for M&G Investments business in             induced market downturn.                   (2019: £33.8bn)        (2019: £2.4bn
  Europe and to be the regulated                                                                                   outflow)
                                            – During the year, we established
  investment management company.
                                              memoranda of understanding
  We’ve also established our presence
                                              with two key European banking
  in Paris as a local investment office,
                                              groups to distribute a new lower-
  ensuring that we can continue
                                              volatility multi-asset mutual fund
  to manage segregated funds for
                                              solution, based on PruFund and
  European clients.
                                              managed by M&G Investments.




                                                                                      M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 27
Our strategy continued




        Build International
                                                                                          – Complete acquisition of a controlling
                                                                                            interest in South Africa: The additional
                                                                                            holding in PPMSA will bring control of
        Focused expansion in Asia, the Americas and Africa                                  a fifth investment management centre,
                                                                                            alongside our existing capabilities in
                                                                                            the UK, Europe, Asia and the US.
 Making a difference the M&G way
                                                                                          Our progress in 2020
 Expanding our Asian                                                                      – We’ve continued to broaden our
 equities focus                                                                             distribution reach in Asia, successfully
 The addition of the Asia equities                                                          launching our first back-end load
 team in late 2019 marked the first                                                         share classes on our SICAV fund
 time in M&G investments 100-year                                                           range, for distribution in Taiwan.
 history that investment capabilities,                                                    – The Asia business has also made a
 ranging from portfolio management                                                          strong contribution to the Institutional
 to fundamental research to trade                                                           Asset Management strategy – the
 execution, were located outside of                                                         equity asset management team
 our global headquarters in London.                                                         we acquired in 2019 continues to
 Vikas Pershad, Portfolio Manager in                                                        establish a track record, winning
 our Singapore office said:                                                                 several new mandates, including
                                                                                            management of £11 billion of life
 “The accretion of assets under
                                                                                            fund assets. During the year, we
 management in Asia and the
                                                                                            obtained Discretionary Investment
 expansion of our team underscored
                                                                                            Manager and Type 2 licences in
 the region’s appeal as a key long-
                                                                                            Japan, which will allow M&G to offer
 term growth driver. And we’re just
                                                                                            additional mandate capabilities to
 getting started.”
                                                                                            Japanese investors as well as target
                                                                                            large corporate and government
                                                                                            pension funds.
                                                                                          – In the US, our new Chicago office
                                                                                            became operational during 2020 and
                                                                                            has significantly enhanced our global
                                                                                            fixed income capability. We have also
                                                                                            grown offshore distribution reach,
                                                                                            securing new relationships with
                                                                                            some of the largest independent
                                                                                            broker dealers, and progressing the
                                                                                            onboarding of US wirehouses.

                                                                                           Key performance indicators
                                                                                           Retail Asset Management in Asia,
Almost 20 years of organic development         Our priorities                              the Americas and Africa (excludes
in asset management in Europe
                                               – Develop Asia presence and                 Institutional Asset management)
have given us proven experience
                                                 capabilities: Broaden our local
in international growth. We aim to
leverage this know-how to develop
                                                 distribution reach through new
                                                 licences in target markets and by
                                                                                               £7.7bn               £1.1bn
                                                                                                 AUMA            Net client outflow
our businesses in Asia, Africa and the
                                                 extending existing relationships with        (2019: £9.2bn)       (2019: £nil net
Americas. Over time, we expect these                                                                                client flows)
                                                 our global bank partners. In addition,
international markets to offer growth
                                                 we will look to enhance local
and diversification, leading to more
                                                 investment capability by adding to our
resilient earnings and increasing global
                                                 Asia-based investment management
capability and coverage.
                                                 and asset sourcing teams.
                                               – Establish local operations in the
                                                 Americas: Promote local credit
                                                 investment management, research
                                                 and dealing capabilities from
                                                 our newly-established Chicago
                                                 office. At the same time, build local
                                                 distribution to access US offshore
                                                 and Latin America wealth markets,
                                                 supporting and complementing
                                                 our existing relationships with
                                                 bank partners.


28 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
        Protect Heritage
        Improving customer outcomes and increasing resilience


                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
Our Heritage portfolio mainly comprises     – We’ve continued to make progress
annuities and traditional with-profits        in adopting digital processes.
policies. These propositions offer            Active users of MyPru have increased
our customers, many of whom are in            to over 350,000 customers from
retirement, a source of dependable            205,000 at the end of 2019, and
income and stable capital investment.         digital transactions now account for
Both the annuities and with-profits           around 7% of monthly interactions.
businesses are well capitalised,              Web portal sessions were up 59%


                                                                                                                                       Governance
contributing highly stable earnings and       for MyPru/PruRetire and up 13% for
capital generation, which provides a high     PruAdviser in the second half of 2020
degree of resilience to the company in        compared to the same period in 2019.       Key performance indicators
times of stress.                            – We’re also seeing improvements in
                                              how our customers interact with us –        2.8/1,000                   +8
Our priorities                                                                           Heritage Complaints      Heritage Net
                                              for example, through the introduction        Ratio (12-month       Promoter Score
– Protect and increase resilience:            of digital document uploads and                rolling basis)         (2019: +6)
  Migrate products onto modern and            electronic new business applications        (2019: 3.9/1,000)
  resilient IT architecture, increasing       that remove the need for a wet
  operational resilience, removing            signature. Bereavements notified via




                                                                                                                                       Financial information
  points of failure and improving                                                        Making a difference the M&G way
                                              our online tool increased to 25% in the
  disaster recovery.                          fourth quarter, up from 4% in January,     Supporting bereaved families
– Deliver improved customer service           easing the burden on families and
                                                                                         Given the age profile of our customer
  outcomes: Target an improvement in          accelerating the process.
                                                                                         base we anticipated that the
  customer satisfaction and customer
                                                                                         COVID-19 pandemic would lead to
  effort scores, including the Net
                                                                                         an increase in bereavements and
  Promotor Score, through better
                                                                                         took early steps to help families of
  service and response times, adopting
                                                                                         customers who had lost a loved
  digital processes and improving
                                                                                         one. We introduced an interactive
  operational performance.
                                                                                         voice response (IVR) to direct third
Our progress in 2020                                                                     parties to our online notification tool



                                                                                                                                       Other information
                                                                                         – removing phone waiting times and
– We have seen a small increase in the
                                                                                         ensuring the right information was
  Net Promoter Score in respect of our
                                                                                         provided to expedite the process.
  Heritage business as we transitioned
                                                                                         We also introduced a document
  our customer service to new systems.
                                                                                         upload facility, reducing the effort
  However, the improvements were not
                                                                                         required to settle benefits.
  as significant as we targeted for 2020.
  We are now focused on resolving
  customer service issues that emerged
  through the recent migration of
  policies to the new systems and other
  COVID-19 related disruption.
– We migrated a further 394,000
  corporate and individual pensions
  to our new platform during 2020,
  adding to the 433,000 customers
  migrated from legacy platforms in
  previous years. We’re now able to
  provide enhanced and more adaptable
  customer service, modernised customer
  benefit statements and greater
  transparency of all product features,
  costs and changes. Work is under
  way to migrate a further 1.05 million
  pension and bond customers in 2021.




                                                                                        M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 29
Our KPMs

Performance highlights
The key performance                                 Adjusted operating
                                                    profit before tax                                      Total capital generation
measures outlined on
this page identify the                              £788m                                                  £995m
most relevant financial                             (2019: £1,149 million)                                 (2019: £1,509 million)

measures used to                                    KPM    APM                                             KPM


manage the Group’s                                  The purpose of adjusted operating profit before
                                                    tax is to demonstrate the Group’s longer-term
                                                                                                           The level of surplus capital is an important
                                                                                                           financial consideration for us. Capital generation
performance                                         performance to equity holders, as it is less
                                                    affected by short-term market volatility and
                                                                                                           measures the change in surplus capital during
                                                                                                           the period, before dividends and capital
                                                    non-recurring items than IFRS profit before tax.       movements, and we consider it to be integral to
                                                                                                           the running and monitoring of the business, our
                                                    Our adjusted operating profit before tax of            decisions on capital allocation and investment
Key                                                 £788 million (2019: £1,149 million) was impacted       and ultimately our dividend policy.
                                                    by the first full year of listed infrastructure cost
KPM    Key performance measure                      following the Demerger. Reductions in Retail           Total capital generation was £995 million
                                                    Asset Management fee-based revenues were               (2019: £1,509 million) reflecting an improved
APM    Alternative performance measure              driven by industry-wide pressure on margins and        operating result but also the impact of negative
                                                    weak investment performance resulting in net           market movements in the period, compared to
                                                    client outflows, whilst the strong performance         the positive market effects experienced in 2019.
                                                    of Institutional Asset Management resulted in
                                                    net inflows.
                                                    For further information on adjusting items see
                                                    the segmental analysis, Note 3 of the notes to the
                                                    financial statements.



                                                                                                           Savings and Asset Management
IFRS profit after tax                               Operating capital generation                           net client flows


£1,142m
(2019: £1,065 million)
                                                    £1,312m
                                                    (2019: £1,276 million)
                                                                                                           £6.6bn outflow
                                                                                                           (2019: £1.3 billion outflow)
KPM                                                 KPM                                                    KPM

Profit after tax demonstrates to our shareholders   Operating capital generation represents the            Savings and Asset Management net client
the financial performance of the Group during       longer-term components of the movements in             flows indicate how our Savings and Asset
the year on an IFRS basis.                          the Group’s surplus capital, as it is less affected    Management business grows and how
                                                    by short-term market volatility and non-recurring      successful it is at retaining and attracting new
IFRS profit after tax attributable to equity        items than total capital generation.                   customer investments to its products and funds.
holders increased by 7% year on year. The fall in
adjusted operating profit was offset by gains of    Operating capital generation was resilient             Net client flows in 2020 have been challenged
£678 million arising from short-term fluctuations   during 2020, up 3% on 2019. In line with               by weak investment performance in the Retail
in investment returns. These gains were partially   adjusted operating profit before tax, operating        Asset Management business. In contrast, our
offset by £73 million restructuring costs.          capital generation has been impacted by costs          Institutional Asset Management business and
                                                    arising following the Demerger and reduction           our Retail Savings business both delivered net
                                                    in Asset Management revenue. However,                  client inflows.
                                                    this was more than offset by an increased
                                                    contribution from management actions taken
                                                    to protect the balance sheet, amongst other
                                                    offsetting movements.




Shareholder Solvency II                             Assets under management
coverage ratio                                      and administration                                     Dividend per share


182%
(2019: 176%)
                                                    £367.2bn
                                                    (2019: £351.5 billion)
                                                                                                           Ordinary 12.23p
                                                                                                           (2019: 11.92p)
KPM    APM                                          KPM                                                    KPM

The purpose of the shareholder view of the          AUMA is a key indicator of the scale of the            Dividend per share is the return of value
Solvency II coverage ratio is to provide what       business and demonstrates our potential                to shareholders for each share held.
we believe is a more relevant reflection of the     earnings from investment return and fee income.
capital strength of the Group than the regulatory                                                          The Board has agreed to pay an ordinary
Solvency II coverage ratio.                         AUMA increased £15.7 billion on 2019 driven            dividend of 12.23p on 28 April 2021.
                                                    by positive market movements of £13.4 billion
The resilience of our capital position has          and the addition of £15.5 billion in relation to
been demonstrated over the period, with our         the acquisition of Ascentric offset by net client
shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio increasing   outflows of £13.2 billion, particularly in the
by 6% to 182% at 31 December 2020, after            Retail Asset Management business.
paying dividends of £562 million.




30 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Business and financial review

Demonstrating our financial resilience
I am proud that in our first full year as an
independent company we have delivered a strong
financial performance against the extremely

                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
challenging backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic

Despite financial markets operating         We remain committed to achieving              Parent Company liquidity remained at
in extremely volatile and adverse           £145 million of annual run-rate               comfortable levels and has not been
conditions, our financial performance       shareholder cost savings by full year         adversely affected by the global crisis,
benefitted from our strong balance          2022 through our five-year investment         with cash and liquid assets of £1.0 billion
sheet and diversified earnings resulting    in digital transformation. Recognising        at the end of 2020.
from the combination of being an asset      the headwinds we are experiencing in
                                                                                          We paid dividends of £410 million on
manager and an asset owner.                 our Retail Asset Management business,

                                                                                                                                          Governance
                                                                                          29 May 2020, comprising an ordinary
                                            we will continue to drive operational
Adjusted operating profit before tax                                                      dividend of 11.92 pence per share and a
                                            efficiencies to enable us to counter
of £788 million (2019: £1,149 million)                                                    special demerger dividend of 3.85 pence
                                            the margin pressure the industry is
demonstrates our ability to deliver                                                       per share. In addition, we paid an interim
                                            experiencing. As we do this, we’ll
strong returns even in a challenging                                                      ordinary dividend of £152 million equal
                                            carefully balance savings potential
environment. Total AUMA increased                                                         to 6.00 pence per share, in line with our
                                            with investment requirements and
to £367.2 billion (2019: £351.5 billion).                                                 policy of paying one-third of the previous
                                            cost to achieve.
The completion of the acquisition of                                                      year total dividend, on 30 September
Ascentric in the third quarter, positive    Throughout the year, we also                  2020. A second interim dividend of
market movements and strong net             demonstrated our proactive approach           £310 million equal to 12.23 pence per




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
inflows in our Institutional Asset          to capital management, with total             share will be paid on 28 April 2021.
Management business, together               capital generation of £995 million
                                                                                          The audit tender process was
outweighed the impact of net                (2019: £1,509 million) as we coupled
                                                                                          concluded in the last quarter and we
client outflows in our Retail Asset         the stable and recurring nature of our
                                                                                          announced our intention to appoint
Management business. The net client         underlying capital generation from our
                                                                                          PwC as new external auditor effective
inflows in our Institutional Asset          operating segments with management
                                                                                          for the period commencing 1 January
Management business reflect                 actions to protect our balance sheet.
                                                                                          2022. This will allow them to review the
consistently strong investment              This strong performance led to an
                                                                                          prior year comparative data in advance
performance and the attractive range of     increase in our shareholder Solvency
                                                                                          of the first effective reporting period
innovative client solutions, while Retail   II coverage ratio to 182% (2019: 176%),
                                                                                          under IFRS 17 in 2023.
Asset Management net client flows were      after paying dividends of £562 million




                                                                                                                                          Other information
impacted by market volatility and the       in the period. Whilst the economic            I am extremely pleased with what
recent underperformance of some of          outlook remains uncertain, this result        we have achieved so far as a new
our larger funds.                           demonstrates our focus on proactively         organisation and of the way we have
                                            and efficiently managing our balance          risen to the challenges posed by the
                                            sheet, and our commitment to deliver          pandemic. This crisis might not yet
                                            our ambitious three-year cumulative           be over but we are confident about
                                            total capital generation target of            the future as we continue to protect
                                            £2.2 billion to the end of 2022.              our people, serve our customers and
                                                                                          clients, and deliver to our shareholders.
                                                                                          Clare Bousfield
                                                                                          Chief Financial Officer




                                                        The financial resilience
                                                         of our business was
                                                     evident, with our shareholder
                                                       Solvency II coverage ratio
                                                         increasing to 182%.”
                                                                            Clare Bousfield
                                                                         Chief Financial Officer




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 31
Business and financial review continued

Overview
The increase in IFRS profit after tax was driven
by positive movements in short-term fluctuations
and investment return offsetting the reduction in
adjusted operating profit before tax in the year


Adjusted operating profit before tax to IFRS profit after tax
The following table shows a reconciliation of adjusted operating profit before tax to IFRS profit after tax from
continuing operations:
                                                                                                                                       For the year ended
                                                                                                                                             31 December
    £m                                                                                                                                 2020          2019
Asset Management fee-based revenues                                                                                                     988        1,033
Other fee-based revenues                                                                                                                232          254
Total fee-based revenues                                                                                                              1,220         1,287
Annuity margin                                                                                                                          438          458
With-profits shareholder transfer net of hedging gains/(losses)                                                                         251          242
Adjusted operating income                                                                                                             1,909        1,987
Asset Management operating expenses                                                                                                    (672)        (652)
Other operating expenses                                                                                                               (348)         (311)
Adjusted operating expenses                                                                                                          (1,020)        (963)
Other shareholder (loss)/profit                                                                                                         (111)         110
Share of profit from joint ventures and associates                                                                                        10           15
Adjusted operating profit before tax                                                                                                    788         1,149
Short-term fluctuations in investment returns                                                                                           678          298
Profit on disposal of business and corporate transactions                                                                                 —            53
Restructuring and other costsi                                                                                                           (73)        (198)
IFRS profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                      4            3
IFRS profit before tax attributable to equity holders from continuing operations                                                      1,397        1,305
Tax charge attributable to equity holders                                                                                              (255)        (240)
IFRS profit after tax attributable to equity holders from continuing operations                                                       1,142        1,065

i    Restructuring costs excluded from adjusted operating profit before tax relate to merger and transformation costs of £73 million for the year ended
     31 December 2020 (2019 : £62m). In 2019 restructuring costs also included rebranding and other change in control costs allocated to the shareholders.
     Additional restructuring costs are included in the analysis of administrative and other expenses in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                   Making a difference the M&G way

                                                                                                   Operational Efficiency Drive
                                                                                                   As part of our drive for improved operational
                                                                                                   efficiency, we have looked at ways to
                                                                                                   consolidate and modernise the technology
                                                                                                   we use to support customers. Having already
                                                                                                   migrated 433,000 customers from legacy
                                                                                                   platforms, in November 2020 we moved a
                                                                                                   further 394,000 corporate and individual
                                                                                                   pensions to our new platform of choice,
                                                                                                   BaNCS. This allows these customers easier
                                                                                                   access to our MyPru servicing platform,
                                                                                                   which now has 350,000 users. Work is
                                                                                                   currently underway to migrate a further
                                                                                                   1.05 million pension and bond customers
                                                                                                   in October 2021. Migration away from
                                                                                                   legacy inherited platforms is helping us
                                                                                                   deliver greater servicing adaptability for our
                                                                                                   customers and anticipate and respond to
                                                                                                   future challenges.

32 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
The following table shows adjusted operating profit before tax split by segment and source of earnings:
                                                                                                                       For the year ended
                                                                                                                             31 December




                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
£m                                                                                                                     2020         2019
Asset Management                                                                                                          316       381
With-profits                                                                                                               44          55
Other                                                                                                                     (28)         38
Savings and Asset Management                                                                                              332       474
With-profits                                                                                                              207        187
Annuities                                                                                                                 438       458
Other                                                                                                                      54       107
Heritage                                                                                                                  699       752
Corporate Centre                                                                                                       (243)         (77)


                                                                                                                                            Governance
Adjusted operating profit before tax                                                                                      788      1,149



 Adjusted operating profit before tax sources of earnings
 £m


 2019                                (77)                   474                                          752




                                                                                                                                            Financial information
 2020                        (243)                 332                                     699


      (400)          (200)                  0         200            400           600             800            1,000            1,200

     Savings and Asset Management      Heritage   Corporate Centre



Adjusted operating profit before tax was £788 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: £1,149 million). The results
include the first full year of listed infrastructure costs, with £167 million of finance costs in relation to the subordinated debt,
£101 million of head office costs and £15 million foreign exchange gain in respect of the US dollar subordinated debt. The 2019
result benefitted from changes made to the staff pension schemes of £64 million which were not repeated in 2020. The fall in
fee-based revenue resulted from net client outflows in Retail Asset Management during 2020, particularly in the international




                                                                                                                                            Other information
wholesale channel, and industry-wide pressure on margins.

IFRS profit after tax
IFRS profit after tax attributable to equity holders from continuing operations increased to £1,142 million compared to
£1,065 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. The fall in adjusted operating profit before tax was offset by the combined
positive impact of a £380 million increase in short-term fluctuations in investment returns and a £125 million reduction in
restructuring costs, less a £15 million increase in the equity holders tax charge. Short-term fluctuations primarily comprise gains
on equity hedges of £235 million, a benefit of £118 million from interest rate swaps purchased to protect the Solvency II capital
position and a £435 million increase from fair value movements on surplus annuity assets. These gains have been partially offset
by the strengthening of the credit risk allowance for shareholder-backed annuities by £117 million, in anticipation of short-
term deterioration in the number of company defaults and downgrades due to the current market conditions arising from the
COVID-19 pandemic.
Equity holders’ effective tax rate for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 18.3% compared to 18.4% for the year ended
31 December 2019. Excluding non-recurring items, the equity holders’ effective tax rate was 18.8% (2019: 20.2%). The equity
holders’ effective tax rate of 18.3% was lower than the UK statutory rate of 19% (2019: 19%) primarily due to beneficial impacts
arising from adjustments to prior periods tax charges and non-taxable income during the period, partially offset by the
detrimental impact of non-deductible expenses. Our approach to tax is to act responsibly and transparently in all of our tax
affairs. We understand the importance to governments and societies of paying the right amount of tax at the right time in the
right place. The Group complies with statutory obligations in all the jurisdictions in which we operate and seeks to have an open
and effective relationship with tax authorities.




                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 33
Business and financial review continued




Capital generation
The following table shows an analysis of total capital generation:
                                                                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                                                                           31 December
    £m                                                                                                                               2020          2019
Savings and Asset Management underlying capital generation                                                                            417          414
Heritage underlying capital generation                                                                                                446          459
Corporate Centre underlying capital generation                                                                                       (286)          (91)
Underlying capital generation                                                                                                         577          782
Other operating capital generation                                                                                                    735          494
Operating capital generation                                                                                                        1,312        1,276
Market movements                                                                                                                     (118)         538
Restructuring and other                                                                                                               (73)         (133)
Tax                                                                                                                                  (126)         (172)
Total capital generation                                                                                                              995        1,509

Total capital generation was £995 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: £1,509 million), reflecting improved
operating capital generation but also the impact of negative market movements in the period, compared to the positive market
movements experienced in 2019.
We analyse operating capital generation by considering both the contribution from underlying capital generation, which includes
the expected surplus capital from the life insurance business, as well as the adjusted operating profit before tax and associated
capital movements from other business and also the capital generated from other operating items.
Underlying capital generation fell to £577 million (2019: £782 million), primarily due to the expected impact of the first full year
of listed infrastructure costs in the Corporate Centre, with the underlying result from our operating segments remaining broadly
stable. This reduction, however, was offset by a larger benefit from other operating items of £735 million (2019: £494 million),
resulting in an increase in operating capital generation to £1,312 million (2019: £1,276 million).
Other operating capital generation was driven by a £408 million (2019: £157 million) benefit from management actions, along
with £167 million (2019: £214 million) due to assumption changes, which includes £242 million arising from longevity assumption
releases. The impact from model changes, experience variances and other items was £160 million (2019: £123 million) which includes
an increased contribution from the Corporate Centre of £88 million (2019: £68 million reduction), partially offset by a reduced
impact within Heritage. The change in Corporate Centre primarily reflects the impact of updates to the measurement approach of the
Group’s leases under Solvency II, while the 2019 result allowed for the establishment of operational risk capital for the new Head
Office function.
The adverse economic conditions experienced during 2020 reduced total capital generation by £118 million, whereas the 2019
result benefitted from £538 million of positive market movements. The 2020 market movements are net of a positive impact of
£346 million from equity and interest rate hedges, which protect the Group’s capital position.

Capital positioni
The Group’s Solvency II surplus increased to £4.8 billion as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £4.5 billion), equivalent to a shareholder
Solvency II coverage ratio of 182% (2019: 176%), driven by total capital generation of £995 million offset by reductions of
£562 million for dividends paid to shareholders and £121 million from other capital movements.
Our With-Profits Fund continues to have a strong Solvency II coverage ratio of 242%. While this is lower than the 267% as at
31 December 2019, it reflects the increased cost of options and guarantees and the distribution of £1.0 billion of excess surplus
in the fund to our with-profits policyholders announced in February 2020.
The regulatory Solvency II coverage ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2020 was 144% (2019: 143%). This view of solvency
combines the shareholder position and the With-Profits Fund, but excludes all surplus within the With-Profits Fund.
i    The shareholder, With-Profits Fund, and regulatory views of the Solvency II position presented above assume transitional measures which have been
     recalculated using management’s estimate of the impact of operating and market conditions as at the valuation date.

Financing and liquidity
The following table shows key financing and liquidity information:
                                                                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                                                                           31 December
    £m                                                                                                                               2020          2019
Parent Company cash and liquid assets                                                                                              1,040         1,274
Nominal value of debt                                                                                                               3,216        3,227
Leverage ratio                                                                                                                       30%          31%



34 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
The key metric we use to manage our debt is the leverage ratio, defined as the nominal value of debt as a percentage of the
Group’s shareholder Solvency II own funds. For further detail on Group’s shareholder Solvency II own funds see Note 38.2.2.
During 2020 our leverage ratio improved to 30% (2019: 31%).




                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
The following table shows the movement in cash and liquid assets held by the Parent Company during the period:
                                                                                                                                            For the year ended
                                                                                                                                                  31 December
    £m                                                                                                                                      2020             2019
Opening cash and liquid assets at 1 January                                                                                                1,274              18
Cash remittances from subsidiaries                                                                                                           737             477
Special dividends from subsidiaries                                                                                                            —            1,177
Substitution of subordinated liabilities                                                                                                       —           3,241
Corporate costs                                                                                                                               (45)           (37)
Interest paid on core structural borrowings                                                                                                 (189)            (22)


                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
Cash dividends paid to equity holders                                                                                                       (562)           (543)
Final dividend paid to equity holders prior to demerger                                                                                        —          (2,968)
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                                                                   (86)           (86)
Acquisition of own shares                                                                                                                   (105)             —
Other shareholder income                                                                                                                       16             17
Closing cash and liquid assets at end of periodi                                                                                           1,040            1,274

i    Closing cash and liquid assets at 31 December 2020 included a £1,001 million (2019; £1,200 million) inter-company loan asset with Prudential Capital
     plc, which acts as the Group’s treasury function.




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial information
Movements in cash and liquid assets held by the Parent Company for the year ended 31 December 2020 represent the
remittances and payments that will arise in the normal course of business. In comparison, the year ended 31 December 2019
included significant cash flows related to the demerger. Total cash and liquid assets have remained stable with cash remittances
of £737 million (2019: £477 million) received from our subsidiaries more than covering the cash dividend payments to equity
holders of £562 million and interest paid on core structural borrowings of £189 million (2019: £22 million).


    Active Capital Management and Operational Efficiency
    Our seventh strategic pillar is Active Capital Management and Operational Efficiency.
    Active Capital Management                          Operational Efficiency                             operational simplicity and improved
    The primary focus of our capital                   We remain focused on delivering                    customer outcomes.




                                                                                                                                                                    Other information
    management is financial strength and               operational efficiencies through                   We have demonstrated our
    financial stability. This is achieved              our five-year investment in digital                commitment to delivering
    through actively managing the Group’s              transformation despite disruptions                 operational efficiencies through the
    solvency position and the quality of               caused by COVID-19. We remain on                   following actions:
    the capital held. During the year we               track to deliver £145 million annual run-
    have demonstrated the benefits of                  rate shareholder cost savings by 2022.             – Proceeding at pace with the
    our proactive approach to capital                                                                       rationalisation programme of our IT
                                                       The pandemic has given us the                        estate, remaining on track to reduce
    management since, despite the impact
                                                       opportunity to rethink the way we                    the number of applications by c.50%.
    of COVID-19 on the financial markets,
                                                       work, improving our efficiency and
    we delivered total capital generation of                                                              – Continuing with the digitisation of
                                                       environmental footprint. We will continue
    £995 million increasing our shareholder                                                                 the Heritage business migrating over
                                                       to execute already identified initiatives
    Solvency II coverage ratio to 182%.                                                                     800,000 customers to the leading
                                                       whilst capturing these benefits on a
                                                                                                            BaNCS platform and continuing to
    Our total capital generation result                permanent basis to deliver even greater
                                                                                                            decommission expensive legacy
    includes a £408 million benefit from               cost savings. We will carefully balance
                                                                                                            policy administration systems.
    management actions, driven by a                    investment requirements and cost to
    contribution of £272 million from asset            achieve, with savings potential.
    trading and optimisation, as well as
                                                       Over the next two years our core
    £50 million from extending our equity
                                                       objectives will be to implement                    Our strategic pillars
    hedging programme.
                                                       the new target operating models
                                                                                                                                1. One M&G
    We remain committed to achieving our               developed for business and support                       6       2
                                                                                                                                2. Revitalise UK
    ambitious three-year total cumulative              functions, allowing us to tackle growth
                                                                                                                7   1           3. Expand Institutional
    capital generation target of £2.2 billion          opportunities as efficiently and                     5               3
                                                                                                                                4. Grow Europe
    to the end of 2022.                                effectively as possible and complete                         4
                                                                                                                                5. Build International
                                                       simplification of the With-Profits Fund
                                                                                                                                6. Protect Heritage
                                                       structure, pooling assets currently
                                                                                                                                7. Active Capital
                                                       spread across 103 investment                                                Management and
                                                       building blocks into 28, delivering                                         Operational Efficiency


                                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 35
Business and financial review continued

Our Savings and Asset Management business
Savings and Asset Management financial
performance was impacted by net client outflows
in Retail Asset Management and industry-wide
pressure on retail margins



Assets under management and administration and net client flows
    Savings and Asset Management AUMA
    £bn
                                                                                                                    6.90                       232.3

                                                                                 16.1


          215.9



                                             (6.6)



    Opening AUMA                       Net client flows                      Acquisition                         Market                     Closing AUMA
    1 January 2020                                                          of Ascentric                        movements                 31 December 2020



                                                                                                                       Net client flows                  AUMAi
                                                                                                                   For the year ended                     As at
                                                                                                                         31 December               31 December
    £bn                                                                                                             2020          2019      2020          2019

Retail Savings                                                                                                       0.4           6.2      81.8          63.5
of which: PruFund                                                                                                    0.4           6.4      55.5          53.8
Retail Asset Management                                                                                             (12.1)        (7.4)     64.2          74.9
Institutional Asset Management                                                                                        5.1         (0.1)     85.5          76.8
Other                                                                                                                  —            —        0.8           0.7
Total Savings and Asset Managementi                                                                                 (6.6)         (1.3)   232.3          215.9

i     Included in total AUMA of £232.3 billion (2019: £215.9 billion) is £6.5 billion (2019: £6.4 billion) assets under advice.

Our Institutional business performed well with net client inflows following continued strong investment performance and
highlighting the appeal of our range of innovative investment solutions. Net client inflows of £5.1 billion partially offset the impact
of the net outflows from our Retail Asset Management business with AUMA increasing to £232.3 billion at 31 December 2020.
Retail Savings AUMA increased 29% to £81.8 billion over the year to 31 December 2020, primarily as a result of the acquisition
of Ascentric, which increased AUMA by £16.1 billion. Net client inflows of £0.4 billion experienced by Retail Savings were lower
than 2019 with economic uncertainty and market volatility impacting investor sentiment across the retail savings market in 2020.
In addition, COVID-19 restrictions severely limited the extent to which advisers were able to interact face to face with customers
during the year leading to a significant reduction in new business sales.
PruFund AUMA increased 3% as a result of positive investment returns and net client inflows of £0.4 billion.
Retail Asset Management AUMA decreased 14% to £64.2 billion over the year with net client flows impacted by the volatile
global markets and ongoing underperformance in some of our established funds, particularly in our international wholesale
channel. Overall net client outflows increased to £12.1 billion (2019: £7.4 billion) and were particularly high in the first quarter of
2020 at £5.6 billion but levelled off as investor sentiment improved in the last quarter with the approval of COVID-19 vaccines.
Performance improved markedly in the final quarter with 78% of wholesale assets above peer group medians in the three months
to December 2020. We continue to reinvigorate our Retail Asset Management proposition to improve investment performance,
offer greater value for money and evolve our fund range in order to diversify and increase client flows. In December, we launched
three sustainable multi-asset fund ranges, cautious, balanced and growth, which aim to deliver total return within explicit
volatility limits while also making a positive contribution to solving some of the world’s major social and environmental challenges.




36 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Our further investment in building investment capabilities in Asia over the past year enabled us to win several new mandates from
our With-Profits Fund and to repatriate the management of those assets during the year. The most significant being a £9 billion
mandate to manage Asian and Japanese equities, with a further £2 billion expected to transition by early 2021. Additionally, the
M&G fixed income team was awarded a £12 billion US fixed income mandate from our With-Profits Fund in Q4, of which £11 billion



                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
has already transitioned with the remainder expected to complete in early 2021.
Institutional Asset Management AUMA increased 11% to £85.5 billion during the year, driven by strong net client inflows of
£5.1 billion and is now the largest component of our Savings and Asset Management AUMA. Consistently strong investment
performance has driven £3.3 billion of net client inflows into our public debt propositions. A further £0.7 billion of net client
inflows was received into our infrastructure offering and £0.6 billion of net client inflows into our real estate propositions in
2020. We continued to broaden our investment capabilities offering bespoke investment solutions to our clients, which are less
affected by market volatility and offer good margins. Leveraging our strong position in the UK, we aim to expand our business
capabilities internationally.
Our expertise in private assets, which offers private fixed income, alternatives, real estate and infrastructure equity offerings,
is a key component of our institutional investment capability and represents a resilient, high-margin source of revenues. It also


                                                                                                                                          Governance
underpins our ability to launch Catalyst, a team formed to manage a £5 billion mandate from our With-Profits Fund aimed at
delivering positive societal impact through innovation as well as investing on behalf of the external institutional investors seeking
private credit exposure. Our private assets under management increased 11% to £67.2 billion of AUMA as at 31 December 2020
(2019: £60.3 billion).

Adjusted operating profit before tax
The following table shows an analysis of adjusted operating profit before tax:
                                                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                                                           31 December
£m                                                                                                                   2020         2019




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
Asset Management fee-based revenues                                                                                  988        1,033
Other fee-based revenues                                                                                              158         158
Total fee-based revenues                                                                                            1,146        1,191
With-profits shareholder transfer net of hedging gains/(losses)                                                        44           55
Adjusted operating income                                                                                           1,190       1,246
Asset Management operating expenses                                                                                  (672)       (652)
Other operating expenses                                                                                             (168)        (165)
Adjusted operating expenses                                                                                         (840)         (817)
Other shareholder (loss)/profit                                                                                       (28)         30




                                                                                                                                          Other information
Share of profit from joint ventures and associates                                                                     10           15
Adjusted operating profit before tax                                                                                 332          474

Adjusted operating profit before tax sources of earnings
The following table shows adjusted operating profit before tax split by source of earnings:
                                                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                                                           31 December
£m                                                                                                                   2020         2019
Asset Management                                                                                                      316         381
With-profits                                                                                                           44           55
Other                                                                                                                 (28)         38
Adjusted operating profit before tax                                                                                 332          474




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 37
Business and financial review continued



 Savings and Asset Management by sources of earnings
 £m


 2019                              38                                        381                                           55


 2020                   (28)                                     316                                44


     (100)      (50)           0         50        100     150         200         250     300        350        400       450        500

   Asset Management       With-Profits        Others



Adjusted operating profit before tax from our Asset Management activities decreased to £316 million in the year ended 31 December
2020 (2019: £381 million) driven by a 4% reduction in fee-based revenues to £988 million (2019: £1,033 million). The reduction in
average AUMA in Retail Asset Management, combined with the downward pressure on retail margins, resulted in lower fee-based
revenues of £466 million during the year (2019: £584 million). The lower pricing structure applied to our UK OEIC fund ranges in
August 2019 contributed to a £19m reduction whilst the suspension of the M&G Property Portfolio Fund in December 2019 led
to a further £13 million reduction in fee-based revenues in 2020. In contrast, revenue earned by Institutional Asset Management
increased to £480 million (2019: £429 million) as a result of higher average AUMA and improved revenue margins. Asset Management
adjusted operating expenses, excluding the £35 million one-off benefit resulting from changes to the Group’s defined benefit pension
schemes in 2019, reduced by £15 million over the year, driven by lower facilities costs and lower travel and entertainment costs.
The Asset Management average fee margin of 50 basis points (bps) was 7bps lower at 31 December 2020 compared to 31 December
2019 reflecting the continued industry-wide pressure on fees in Retail Asset Management. Average revenue margins in the
Institutional Asset Management business were 2bps higher at 28bps, compared to 26bps at 31 December 2019, reflecting our
focus on the provision of high-margin, innovative investment solutions for clients. This focus has resulted in favourable changes
to our product mix, with net client flows out of our lower margin products and into these more specialised, higher margin solutions.
The cost/income ratio for the Asset Management business was 71% (2019: 64%), with the increase largely driven by the reduction
in Retail Asset Management revenue and also the non-recurrence in 2020 of the £35 million past service credit.
The with-profits shareholder transfer, driven by PruFund, decreased to £54 million (2019: £73 million) as a result of the downward unit
price adjustment for the fall in financial markets at the start of 2020, which was not fully mitigated by later upward price adjustments
in the fourth quarter. In addition there were fair value losses of £10 million (2019: £18 million loss) on the derivative instruments used to
mitigate the equity risk to shareholders.
The other shareholder loss in the year to 31 December 2020 is driven by items impacted by the market volatility in 2020, including a
£16 million reduction in investment return on seed capital investments and a £5 million reduction in share of profit from associate.
In addition, 2020 includes an expected £4m loss on the Ascentric business acquired in the year. We expect Ascentric to strengthen
our investment proposition by increasing our tax wrapper offerings and distribution footprint in the platform market. As we integrate
Ascentric, build scale, automate operations and improve efficiency we expect the short-term impact on Savings and Assets
Management earnings to be limited.

Capital generation
The following table shows an analysis of operating capital generation:
                                                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                                                                 31 December
£m                                                                                                                         2020         2019
Asset Management underlying capital generation                                                                             308          379
With-profits underlying capital generation                                                                                   88           —
of which: in-force                                                                                                         100            61
of which: new business                                                                                                      (12)         (61)
Other underlying                                                                                                             21           35
Underlying capital generation                                                                                               417          414
Other operating capital generation                                                                                           83          45
Operating capital generation                                                                                               500          459

Underlying capital generation for the year ended 31 December 2020 was stable at £417 million (2019: £414 million). Whilst the
contribution from our Asset Management business fell to £308 million (2019: £379 million) in line with the reduction in adjusted
operating profit before tax, this was offset by higher underlying capital generated from with-profits in-force business and lower
new business strain. The with-profits in-force business capital generation of £100 million (2019: £61 million) was driven by the
expected growth in future shareholder transfers which was greater in 2020 on higher opening asset values, while new business
strain fell to £12 million (2019: £61 million) mostly reflecting lower PruFund net client inflows, amongst other movements.
Other operating capital generation of £83 million (2019: £45 million) primarily reflected changes in the modelling and assumptions
relating to underlying capital requirements in respect of PruFund business, and also a beneficial impact of £31 million from the
extension of our equity hedging programme.

38 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Our Heritage business
Underlying performance of our Heritage business
remained strong, continuing to provide a stable and
sizeable underpin to our earnings

                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report




Assets under management and administration and net client flows
The AUMA reduction of £0.3 billion to £133.7 billion at 31 December 2020 (2019: £134.0 billion) was driven by net client outflows,
of £6.6 billion (2019: £7.6 billion net outflow), which were in line with expectations, offset by favourable market movements of
£6.3 billion.



                                                                                                                                              Governance
Adjusted operating profit before tax
The following table shows an analysis of adjusted operating profit before tax:
                                                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                                                               31 December
£m                                                                                                                       2020         2019
Fee-based revenues                                                                                                         74          96
Annuity margin                                                                                                           438          458
With-profits shareholder transfer net of hedging gains/(losses)                                                          207           187
Adjusted operating income                                                                                                 719          741




                                                                                                                                              Financial information
Adjusted operating expenses                                                                                               (79)         (87)
Other shareholder profit                                                                                                   59          98
Adjusted operating profit before tax                                                                                     699          752

Adjusted operating profit before tax sources of earnings
The following table shows adjusted operating profit before tax split by source of earnings:
                                                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                                                               31 December
£m                                                                                                                       2020         2019
With-profits                                                                                                             207           187



                                                                                                                                              Other information
Shareholder annuities                                                                                                    438          458
Other                                                                                                                      54         107
Adjusted operating profit before tax                                                                                     699          752



 Heritage by sources of earnings
 £m


 2019                187                                                      458                                  107


 2020                  207                                              438                                   54


        0             100             200           300           400               500          600               700              800

     With-Profits   Shareholder annuities   Other



The shareholder transfer relating to traditional with-profits business increased to £254 million (2019: £251 million), offset by
£47 million (2019: £64 million) of fair value losses on the derivative instruments used to mitigate equity risk to shareholders.
Adjusted operating expenses decreased by £8m during the year, in line with expectations as the Heritage business runs off.
Other shareholder profit primarily relates to insurance reserve releases as we complete the review of a number of legacy
remediation programmes.




                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 39
Business and financial review continued



The following table provides further analysis of the annuity margin:
                                                                                                                    For the year ended
                                                                                                                          31 December
£m                                                                                                                  2020           2019
Return on excess assets and margin release                                                                           188           216
Asset trading and portfolio management actions                                                                        59           110
Longevity assumption changes                                                                                         217           126
Other                                                                                                                (26)            6
Annuity margin                                                                                                       438           458

Longevity assumption changes resulted in a benefit of £217 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily driven by
updates to current mortality assumptions, along with a marginal impact from moving from the CMI 17 mortality improvements
model to the CMI 18 model, adopted using the Group’s own calibration. The 2019 result included a £126 million benefit in relation
to changing from the CMI 16 to the CMI 17 model. We continue to monitor the impacts of COVID-19 on our longevity assumptions.
Recurring sources of earnings from the annuity book, primarily the return on assets held to back capital requirements
and the release of the margins held in respect of credit risk, mortality and expenses, decreased by 13% to £188 million
(2019: £216 million). This mainly reflects a lower level of excess assets on the annuity portfolio following the payment of dividends
to the Parent Company and decreasing bond yields during the year.
During the year, we also earned £59 million from asset trading and portfolio management actions (2019: £110 million) which includes
the loss arising on the sale of a property in 2020 due to the impact on the valuation of annuity liabilities.
The credit quality of fixed income assets in the annuity portfolio remain strong.
Over 98% of the debt securities held by the shareholder annuity portfolio are investment grade and only 15% are BBB. In addition
81% of the shareholder annuity portfolio is held in debt securities either categorised as risk-free or secured (including cash).
We experienced limited downgrades over the year with only c.4% of bonds in the shareholder annuity portfolio subject to a
downgrade which changed the letter rating.

Capital generation
The following table shows an analysis of operating capital generation:
                                                                                                                    For the year ended
                                                                                                                          31 December
£m                                                                                                                  2020           2019
With-profits underlying capital generation                                                                           105            71
Shareholder annuity and other underlying capital generation                                                          341           388
Underlying capital generation                                                                                       446            459
  Model improvements                                                                                                 (19)          142
  Assumption changes                                                                                                 185           207
  Management actions                                                                                                 374           167
  Other including experience variances                                                                                24             1
Other operating capital generation                                                                                   564           517
Operating capital generation                                                                                       1,010           976

Traditional with-profits business generated underlying capital of £105 million during 2020 (2019: £71 million). Similar to Savings
and Asset Management with-profits business, this was driven by the expected growth in future shareholder transfers which was
greater in 2020 on higher opening asset values. There also continued to be significant underlying capital generation from the
shareholder annuity and other business, contributing £341 million (2019: £388 million).
Other operating capital generation increased to £564 million (2019: £517 million). The 2020 result includes a significant
benefit from a series of management actions taken to strengthen the balance sheet, which increased surplus by £374 million
(2019: £167 million). This included a contribution of £272 million from asset trading and optimisation, as well as a £62 million
capital release to reflect the reduced risk of legacy remediation programmes now coming to completion. However, the
£142 million benefit from model improvements in 2019 was not repeated in the 2020 results.
The impact of assumption changes primarily relates to the positive impact of £242 million from the longevity assumption updates
described in the adjusted operating profit before tax section, offset by a reduction from other assumptions of £57 million.
The 2019 result included a benefit of £105 million from changes to longevity assumptions coupled with a positive impact from
expense assumption changes of £88 million.




40 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Viability statement
In accordance with Section 31 of the UK         The individual stresses are developed          Climate risk is an emerging area of focus
Corporate Governance Code, the Board            by the Risk and Resilience team, with          for the Board and although not covered
has undertaken a comprehensive and              the Investment Office and Finance              specifically in the Business Plan, it has



                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
robust assessment of the prospects and          providing input into the development           been assessed as part of our Own Risk
viability of the Group.                         of the relevant scenarios. The process         and Solvency Assessment (ORSA),
                                                is overseen by the Group Risk Committee.       which is an integral part of our risk
Process for assessing
long-term prospects                             The following individual stresses were         management process and is reviewed
                                                considered as part of the Business Plan:       by the Board. The ORSA assesses the
The Group’s long-term prospects
                                                                                               current and forward-looking solvency
are primarily assessed through the              – 20% fall in equity prices                    position of the Group by analysing the
strategic and financial planning process.
                                                – 20% fall in property prices                  instantaneous balance sheet impact of
The main output of this process, on
                                                – (50bps) parallel shift in nominal yields     applying various internally generated
which this assessment is based, is the
                                                                                               and regulatory stresses.
‘Business Plan’ which covers the period         – 20% of the credit portfolio
to December 2024. The Business Plan               downgrading by one full letter               Climate-related stress testing is relatively
was approved by the Board in December                                                          new and further work is required to

                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                – +100bps spread widening
2020, following a robust review and                                                            develop and refine the climate change
                                                  (A-rated assets)
challenge process.                                                                             scenario testing approach and to assess
                                                In addition, the Business Plan was             appropriate management actions that
The Business Plan contains detailed             subjected to a rigorous scenario               could mitigate the impacts of climate-
financial forecasts, including the related      testing process.                               related risks.
risks and mitigating actions over the
planning period. The forecasts have been        The impact of scenarios related to             However, for the purpose of the ORSA,
prepared based on the business model            COVID-19 was an area of key focus for          three of the Intergovernmental Panel
that management is deploying to deliver         this year’s strategic and financial planning   on Climate Change (IPCC) scenarios
our key strategic pillars, as explained on      process. COVID-19 has and will continue        were assessed:




                                                                                                                                               Financial information
page 23 of this document. The Business          to have an impact on our customers, our
                                                                                               – Sustainability Short-Term – Taking
Plan covers all the key measures that           people, the financial markets and the way
                                                                                                 the green road with low challenges
underpin our Financial Management               we manage our business and execute our
                                                                                                 to mitigation and adaptation (≤ 1.5°C
Framework, which includes metrics on            strategic plans. Accordingly, we developed
                                                                                                 increase in global temperatures)
capital, liquidity, debt and earnings.          and tested four COVID-19 scenarios for the
                                                purposes of the Business Plan:                 – Middle of the Road Short-Term –
The Business Plan considers the                                                                  Medium challenges to mitigation
implications of current and emerging            – Optimistic – Activity normalisation
                                                                                                 and adaptation (2.0°C)
risks and the resulting uncertainties that        begins in 2020, with a relatively rapid
                                                  recovery toward prior economic trends        – Regional Rivalry Long-Term – a rocky
these present to the achievement of the                                                          road with high challenges to mitigation
Business Plan, including the principal risks    – Baseline – Economic recovery
                                                                                                 and adaptation (warming ≥ 4.0°C)
and uncertainties to which the Group is           begins in Q1 2021, but is delayed due
                                                                                               In assessing viability, the Board also



                                                                                                                                               Other information
exposed as discussed on pages 68-75 of            to continued disruptions, with no
this document. We assess these risks and          recovery of previous economic trends         considered the availability of the £1.5bn
uncertainties through stress and scenario                                                      syndicated revolving credit facility which
                                                – Pessimistic 1 – Disruptions persist
testing as discussed later in this statement.                                                  matures in 2024. As at 31 December
                                                  and trend permanently reduced; real
                                                                                               2020, the facility remained undrawn.
Progress against the Business Plan will           interest rate environment held low to
                                                                                               In addition, the Group can access an
be monitored regularly by the Board.              assist recovery and support elevated
                                                                                               active £10bn Medium Term Note (MTN)
                                                  fiscal deficits
Period for assessing viability                                                                 programme to meet any immediate
                                                – Pessimistic 2 – Disruptions persist          liquidity requirements.
The Board considers that the four-
                                                  and trend permanently reduced; fiscal
year period to December 2024 is an                                                             The results of the stress and scenario
                                                  deficits curtailed by rising sovereign
appropriate period for this viability                                                          testing demonstrated that due to the
                                                  risk premia and inflation expectations
assessment, being the period over which                                                        robust risk management process in place
the Board will monitor the performance          We also considered various scenarios           and the broad range of mitigating actions
of the Group and the period covered by          associated with potential outcomes from        available, such as access to immediate
the Business Plan approved by the Board.        the ending of the Brexit transition period     liquidity funding and the ability to reduce
                                                and the uncertainty around the nature          dividends, the Group is able to withstand
Assessment of viability
                                                of the trade deal which could have been        the impact in each case with regards to
The Board assessed the financial and            achieved with the EU at the time. We stress    meeting all mandatory liabilities as they
operational impact of the Group’s               tested our Business Plan against a ‘severe     fall due.
principal risks on the ability to deliver       Brexit scenario’, which had assumed an
the Business Plan. The Board reviews            exit with no trade deal compounded by          Statement of viability
the principal risks to ensure that they         subsequent pressure on UK assets due to        Based on the results of the procedures
reflect current market conditions and           capital flight. Under this scenario, short-    outlined above, the Board has a
any changes to the Group risk profile.          term GDP growth was assumed to be              reasonable expectation that the Group
As part of the strategic and financial          1.5-2% lower than pre-Brexit trend which       will be able to continue in operation
planning process, we considered the             would have resulted in a devaluation of        and meet its liabilities as they fall
impact of various severe, but plausible         sterling and an increase in interest rates     due over the four-year period ending
stresses and scenarios on the ability to        as per our assumptions. The Directors          31 December 2024.
deliver the Business Plan.                      continue to be satisfied that this remains
                                                a reasonable basis for their assessment.

                                                                                                M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 41
Our approach to sustainability

Shaping a sustainable future
Our ambition for long-term business
resilience and a better world to live in


 Why does                                       Our corporate commitments to sustainability
 sustainability                                 When it comes to sustainability, it’s not enough to have good intentions. To ensure
 matter to us?                                  we deliver on our purpose to make the world a little better, in March 2020
                                                we made some specific company-wide commitments in two areas we see as
                                                sustainability priorities: climate change, and diversity and inclusion. Most of these
                                                commitments are ambitious long-term targets which we will continue to work
                                                towards this year, and in coming years, and we will be regularly reporting our
                                                progress to our shareholders and other stakeholders.

                                                Commitments on climate change:
                                                – Carbon net zero as a corporate entity by 2030.
                                                – Carbon net zero investment portfolios by 2050, across our total assets under
                                                  management, to align with the Paris Agreement on climate change.

We believe that well-governed                   Commitments on diversity and inclusion:
businesses, run in a sustainable way,           – Year on year improvement in the representation of gender and ethnicity/
will deliver better overall outcomes for          nationality in our senior leadership (Executive Committee and their direct
customers and clients, stronger and               reports) every year, with the goals of achieving 40% female representation
more resilient returns for shareholders,          and 20% representation from BAME backgrounds by 2025.
and long-term benefits for society.
                                                – We will aim to evaluate the diversity policy of investment managers that manage
That’s why we think carefully about the
                                                  assets on our behalf, including how an investment manager challenges its
environmental, social and governance
                                                  investee companies to improve and maintain diversity in their business models.
(ESG) risks and opportunities associated
with the businesses, buildings and              – Achieving external benchmarks from the National Equality Index and
infrastructure which we invest in                 Stonewall’s Top 100 Employers in 2020; and progressing to become a
and manage.                                       Department of Work and Pensions Level 3: Disability Confident Leader
                                                  (achieved on time during 2020).
However, we consider the key to our
long-term sustainability is not just                  You can read more on how we are meeting our diversity and inclusion targets
                                                      Pages 60-63
about making a difference with what we
do – it’s also how we do it. This means
being mindful of the way we run our
own business, the impact we have on            Asset owner and                                 We also invest as an asset manager,
the planet and our communities, and the        asset manager:                                  where we act on behalf of individual
opportunity we have to influence others                                                        savers and institutional clients, working
                                               different responsibilities,                     to meet their required investment
through leading by example.
                                               same commitment                                 objectives. As asset manager, we must
How we approach                                We invest on behalf of our customers            follow the mandates set out in fund
sustainability as investors                    in two separate capacities, with distinct       objectives or agreed with institutional
As investors and stewards of our               roles and responsibilities.                     clients. Sometimes, these mandates will
customers’ money, our customers                                                                have sustainability policies which differ
                                               On behalf of the With-Profits Fund
are at the heart of our thinking                                                               from those we apply as asset owner.
                                               and our pension savings and annuity
about sustainability.                          books, we serve as an asset owner.              As at 31 December 2020, we manage
                                               Our responsibility as an asset owner is         £233.4 billion as at year end for external
                                               to create the best customer outcome             clients and £133.8 billion on behalf of our
                                               in terms of general well-being in line          internal client.
                                               with our fiduciary duty, taking into
                                                                                               While M&G’s values of care and integrity
                                               consideration financial security. To do this,
                                                                                               inform all our sustainability work, the
                                               we make decisions about how to allocate
                                                                                               policies of asset manager and asset
                                               assets, what should be the financial and
                                                                                               owner may diverge on occasion.
                                               sustainability investment requirements for
                                               our mandates, and which asset manager           Both asset owner and asset manager
                                               should manage them.                             share our group commitment to
                                                                                               achieving net zero carbon emissions
                                                                                               across our entire investment portfolio
                                                                                               by 2050, and a set of common ambitions
                                                                                               and ESG principles to help us achieve it.


42 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 Sustainable ambitions across our business




                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
               Customer                                   Capability                                 Sustainably
                  led                                      enabled                                    delivered



         We aim to: be relevant,                     We will use: world-class                      We will do this with:
       innovative and accessible,              people, research and proprietary                an inclusive, accountable


                                                                                                                                        Governance
    meet customer and client demand            tools and data to understand ESG                  culture focused on our
      for sustainability and impact              risks and identify opportunities            purpose and our values of care
         solutions; communicate                      across all asset classes;                and integrity; sustainability
       clearly about our products,               our influence as a leading active              embedded in all we do,
         policies, processes and                investor to engage and advocate                  from customer service
           potential outcomes.                    for sustainable performance;                    to risk management.
                                                  our financial strength to make
                                                    investments which create
                                                          positive change.




                                                                                                                                        Financial information

Sustainability governance                   Embedding sustainability                     – We review our sustainability
                                            considerations in our business                 thinking regularly in order to align
We have a clear governance
                                                                                           with scientific and technological
framework which we use to deliver our       Environmental, social and governance
                                                                                           improvements, and changes in
responsibilities to our stakeholders,       risks and opportunities are evolving
                                                                                           the global economy, ethics and
including identifying and managing          fast, and are often complex and
                                                                                           consumer preferences. We aspire
risks, and managing conflicts between       interconnected. Managing these



                                                                                                                                        Other information
                                                                                           to be a thought leader, to innovate,
stakeholder groups.                         effectively in a sustainable business
                                                                                           and to advance understanding of
In 2020, the M&G plc Board refreshed        model requires a principles-based
                                                                                           sustainability issues.
its terms of reference to formalise its     approach, consistent with our purpose
                                            and our core values of care and integrity.   – We aim to use our influence as a
responsibility for setting sustainability                                                  global investor and asset owner to
strategy, principles and values.            Our sustainability principles:                 drive positive change in sustainability
This was to reiterate the importance                                                       policy and corporate standards.
of sustainability governance and            – We will consider sustainability and
                                              ESG factors when determining                 We believe in active asset ownership
oversight taking place at the highest                                                      and management which encourages
level and having a regular place on the       our corporate strategy and new
                                              business initiatives.                        companies to transition towards a
Board’s agenda.                                                                            sustainable future.
                                            – We will embed sustainability
We recognise that climate change has
                                              considerations throughout
the potential to impact our business
                                              our business.
materially. Our Chief Financial Officer
(CFO) and our Chief Investment Officer      – We consider the interests of all our
(CIO) are responsible for identifying and     stakeholders and ensure our views on
managing the financial risks associated       sustainability are consistent with our
with climate change. The CFO is also the      long-term approach.
appointed Board member responsible          – We will manage our businesses to the
for climate-related matters.                  same principles of acting responsibly
                                              that we hold our investee companies
                                              to account on.
                                            – We identify and incorporate ESG
                                              risk factors into our general risk
                                              management process.




                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 43
Our approach to sustainability continued




 Making a
 difference with
 responsible
 investment




We take our responsibilities as long-
term stewards of our customers’ and
clients money seriously and believe
that long-term investment returns are
underpinned by good governance and
sustainable business models.
ESG risks and opportunities have the
potential to impact a company’s financial
performance, so we systematically
include consideration of these into
our investment analysis and decision-
making in all asset classes on an iterative
basis. This enables every fund manager
to develop a rounded view of a company
or asset, and empowers them to make
better informed investment decisions.

 In 2020, UN PRI (Principles for
 Responsible Investment) rated
 M&G Investments as either A+ or
 A for the quality of its responsible
 investment activity in all eight
 of our asset classes assessed,
 placing us above average compared
 to our peers in all categories.
 A summary of the report, which
 covers listed equity, infrastructure,
 property and fixed income, and our
 submission can be found on our
 website www.mandgplc.com in                   Making a difference the M&G way
 the Responsible Investing at M&G
 Investments section.
                                               Our voting on executive pay during COVID-19
                                               During the COVID-19 pandemic, some UK companies
                                               claimed furlough payments from the Government, or cut
                                               or cancelled dividends to shareholders, without adjusting
                                               senior executive pay. Rather than take a ‘one size fits all’
                                               approach to voting on remuneration, in the run-up to the
                                               AGM season we looked for evidence that companies were
                                               not disproportionately placing the burden of the economic
                                               impact of the pandemic on certain sets of stakeholders.
                                               We asked companies how executive pay would be altered
                                               where staff had been furloughed, or where dividends had
                                               been lowered or suspended. In some cases, companies
                                               took our feedback on board and made changes, and in
                                               others they did not – resulting in our voting against the
                                               remuneration report or abstaining. As a result, M&G used
                                               our vote to oppose more than 30% of remuneration reports
                                               at annual meetings for FTSE 350 companies in the first half
                                               of 2020, compared with 6% in 2019.

44 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                                                                    Responsible investing
The three pillars of our investment process
                                                                                    in real estate
ESG issues are integrated into all three pillars of our investment process:
Investment Research; Portfolio Management; and Engagement and Stewardship.          Our approach to responsible



                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
                                                                                    investment within our real estate
 ESG research                                                                       portfolio is to create and manage
                                                                                    exceptional places that enrich the
 Our large and highly rated team of analysts and researchers produce thematic       lives of people and communities
 and sectoral analysis of present and future ESG risks and opportunities, as        to deliver long-term value for our
 well as using proprietary tools and a wide variety of data to assess individual    investors, society and the environment.
 asset exposure to ESG issues. These generate actionable investment insights        We focus on: environmental excellence;
 and suggestions for fund managers, which feed into their investment decision-      health, well-being and occupier
 making and portfolio construction process.                                         experience; and contributing to
                                                                                    communities and society.
                                                                                    M&G is driving environmental
 Portfolio management and ESG

                                                                                                                                   Governance
                                                                                    improvements within our assets to
 All our wholesale equity and public fixed income strategies are now subject        increase operational efficiency and
 to quarterly ESG Portfolio Reviews. Stewardship and sustainability specialists     to reduce both carbon emissions
 meet with each portfolio manager to scrutinise and explore the impact of ESG       and the use of natural resources.
 themes and risks on the fund, and assess how ESG considerations are being          This will enable us to meet our
 factored into investment decision-making. For our range of funds with specific     net zero targets and deliver future-
 impact or sustainability objectives or criteria, such as the M&G Positive Impact   proof assets that attract and retain
 Fund, we will also review how well we are fulfilling these objectives.             occupiers. In 2020, we increased
                                                                                    the number of our real estate assets
                                                                                    covered by green building certification




                                                                                                                                   Financial information
 Engagement and stewardship                                                         from 31% of our AUMA in 2019 to 34%
                                                                                    of our AUMA (by value). In 2021, we plan
 M&G Investments is a tier one signatory of the UK Stewardship Code,                to extend this certification to existing
 the benchmark in the UK for institutional investors to meet ownership              buildings and enhance our requirements
 responsibilities in respect of their holdings. We were ‘early reporters’ to the    for certification on development and
 Financial Reporting Council for the new 2020 Code, and expect to be in the         refurbishment projects.
 first tranche of 2020 Code signatories.
                                                                                    We also aim to design and manage
 As active stewards of our customers’ and clients assets, we engage                 places that serve peoples’ needs, are
 constructively with investee company management on the responsible                 safe and accessible and encourage
 allocation of capital and relevant ESG issues. We approach engagement with         positive health and well-being. We have




                                                                                                                                   Other information
 a clear objective and require action to be taken in order within a defined time    reached over 1.1 million people with
 period. Active and informed voting is an integral part of our responsibility; in   our health, well-being and inclusivity
 using our votes, we seek both to add value and protect the interests of our        programmes since 2018.
 clients as shareholders. Climate change is now a dominant theme within our
                                                                                    For each of our funds we set objectives
 engagements, but during 2020 we have also questioned companies on a wide
                                                                                    to deliver positive environmental and
 range of other topics including diversity, board composition, modern slavery,
                                                                                    social value opportunities across
 biodiversity, cladding, plastics and responses to the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                                    our portfolio, and gather metrics to
 Where the nature of a business or its activities or behaviours breach our core     evidence improvements and outcomes.
 values, and we believe engagement is either inappropriate or will be ineffective   We perform strongly in the Global
 in influencing positive change, we will consider exclusion of an investment.       Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark
                                                                                    (GRESB) survey, which assesses the
                                                                                    sustainability performance of real estate
                                                                                    portfolios and assets in public, private
                                                                                    and direct sectors worldwide. In 2020,
                                                                                    our ten participating funds all achieved
                                                                                    a Green Star rating with an average
                                                                                    score of 4 Green Stars.




                                                                                    M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 45
Our approach to sustainability continued



                                                As more people become aware of the            We are also growing our range of ESG,
 Helping                                        need to act on the climate emergency to       sustainable and impact funds and
 customers                                      ensure a positive future for themselves
                                                and their families, consumer preferences
                                                                                              strategies so that all our clients and
                                                                                              customers have more choices, reflecting
 invest for a                                   and needs are changing. Older people          their own evolving priorities and the
 sustainable                                    need to make their savings last for           fast-evolving investment opportunities
                                                longer and may be concerned about the         in these areas.
 future                                         impact of climate-related uncertainty
                                                                                              2020 saw the launch of our newest
                                                and change on their investments, and on
                                                                                              equity impact fund: the M&G Climate
                                                the planet future generations will inherit.
                                                                                              Solutions Fund; and a new range of risk-
                                                Younger people in particular are now
                                                                                              managed sustainable multi-asset funds.
                                                taking a greater interest in where their
                                                                                              The coming year will see further new
                                                money is invested.
                                                                                              propositions, including a sustainability
                                                We are working to help people who want        focused version of our PruFund
                                                sustainable long-term financial returns,      Planet range.
 Making a difference the M&G way                and those who also want to use their
                                                                                              As we grow our range of sustainability
                                                money to make a positive difference to
 Capturing carbon through                                                                     and impact funds, we are also helping
                                                the environment and society.
                                                                                              our customers, clients and advisers to
 sustainable forestry                           We do this in many different ways.            understand the potential financial impact
 Trees play a crucial role in mitigating        Through M&G Wealth, we can help               and outcomes they can expect. We are
 climate change by capturing and                people decide on their personal               also working on reducing the carbon
 sequestering carbon. The recently              financial and sustainability objectives,      footprint of the service we provide to
 launched M&G Climate Solutions                 understand the options and choose the         customers, reducing paperwork and
 Fund invests in Weyerhaeuser, an               right products for them.                      bringing in more options to interact
 American company that owns or                                                                with us by video or digitally.
 controls more than 25 million acres
 of timberlands.
 These forests capture carbon that
 would otherwise be released into the
 atmosphere, with Weyerhaeuser’s
 wood products storing the equivalent
 of 9 million metric tons of CO2
 annually. That’s equal to removing
 more than 2 million cars off the road
 every year.
 The company harvests only 2% of its
 forests each year, most of which is
 sold to the housebuilding sector, as
 building a house out of wood is much
 less carbon intensive than building
 one from steel, bricks and cement.
 All Weyerhaeuser timberlands are
 reforested after harvesting and
 all are certified to the Sustainable
 Forestry Initiative.




                                               Making a difference the M&G way

                                               Helping customers in lockdown
                                               When the COVID-19 pandemic meant customers couldn’t meet their Prudential
                                               Financial Planning advisers in person, we had solutions to help them. Our new video
                                               service – originally developed to help minimise our environmental impact – allowed
                                               new and existing customers to talk to their financial advisers from the safety of their
                                               own homes. The tool also allows advisers to share documents electronically and
                                               capture signatures, so customers needn’t worry about sending and receiving post.
                                               Since launch, the service has saved well in excess of 60,000 miles in travel, and more
                                               importantly, has given customers valuable peace of mind. “In these uncertain and
                                               unprecedented times, technology is helping us to keep a human connection with our
                                               customers,” says Mark Torrado, a Partner at Prudential Financial Planning.

46 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Climate change and TCFD

Action on climate change
Supporting the low carbon transition
and helping build climate resilience


The world is heading for a global                                                               Making a difference                            Strategic Report
temperature rise of 3.2°C by the end of                                                         to climate change
the centuryi which if unchecked would
melt the polar ice sheets, cause sea                                                            Behavioural change is essential
levels to rise by more than 2 metresii                                                          in addressing climate change:
and increase the zone of desertification.           In 2020, M&G was awarded a score            – At government level – setting
This would render large areas of land               of A- by CDP, a global environmental          the stretching but necessary
uninhabitable resulting in mass migration           disclosure body, a significant                GHG reduction targets, and
and catastrophic environmental, social              improvement from B, our maiden                implementing the policy changes


                                                                                                                                               Governance
and economic impact.                                rating in 2019. Our CDP score is              to make them happen;
                                                    an indicator of how we measure,
Worryingly, the reduction in greenhouse                                                         – At business level – decarbonising
                                                    disclose and manage our carbon
gas (GHG) emissions seen in 2020 as a                                                             operational processes,
                                                    emissions footprint, and achieving
consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic                                                              and increasing energy and
                                                    this leadership level rating shows
is expected to have little long-term impact                                                       resource efficiency; and
                                                    our commitment to address climate
on climate change, as atmospheric GHG                                                           – At individual level – buying,
                                                    change across our business.
concentrations continue to rise. While 197                                                        consuming and travelling
                                                    Reporting on our progress towards
countries have committed to restricting                                                           more sustainably
                                                    net zero emissions will be vital in the
their carbon emissions to limit global
                                                    coming years.




                                                                                                                                               Financial information
warming by 2100 to 1.5°C under the 2015                                                         M&G is well placed to support
Paris Climate Agreement, the Nationally                                                         this behavioural change. As both
Determined Contributions (NDC) to                  The economic loss of extreme weather         an asset owner and asset manager,
GHG reductions are insufficient to meet            events in 2020 has been estimated at         we are a long-term investor of capital,
the target.                                        more than $268 billioniii, with millions     with investment capability across asset
                                                   of people losing livelihoods, shelter        classes, sectors and geographies.
The world is already experiencing the
                                                   and food security, or even their lives.      We are able to finance the businesses
consequences of global warming.
                                                   Some of the actions driving climate          and projects innovating to enable
Weather patterns are changing, with more
                                                   change, such as deforestation and            behavioural change, whether through
frequent and intense weather events.
                                                   intensive farming, which generate up to      green energy technology, smarter
2020 has seen Australian bushfires,
                                                   a quarter of greenhouse gas emissions,       energy efficient buildings, or services
UK floods, European windstorms,
                                                   are also causing severe, potentially



                                                                                                                                               Other information
cyclone Amphan across the Indian sub-                                                           in the circular economy.
                                                   irreversible damage to biodiversity and
continent, flooding in China, India and                                                         As a business, we can also inspire
                                                   eco-systems.
Japan, locust swarms across East Africa,                                                        our stakeholders to play their part:
US West Coast forest fires and a severe            Our commitment                               helping our more than 5 million
Atlantic hurricane season.                                                                      customers to make informed choices
                                                   The risks from climate change are
                                                   far reaching in scale and scope,             about how they invest their savings,
                                                   and cannot be diversified. Action is         and encouraging our colleagues to


3,126
Direct Carbon Emissions:
                                                   required now to limit the level of global
                                                   temperature rise, mitigate its impacts,
                                                   and adapt to life on a hotter planet.
                                                                                                adapt to new ways of working with
                                                                                                lower environmental impact.

                                                   To play our part to help deliver the
Scope 1 and 2 (tCO2e)
                                                   goals of the Paris Agreement, we have
                                                   made our commitments to reduce
                                                   carbon emissions to net zero across our
                                                   investment portfolios by 2050, and to
                                                   achieve net zero carbon emissions in
                                                   our own business by 2030.
                                                   In December 2020, we became one of
                                                   the founding members of the Net Zero
                                                   Asset Manager Initiative. As part of this,
                                                   we have committed to work with our
                                                   asset owner clients on decarbonisation
i    UN Environment Programme Emissions
     Gap Report 2020.
                                                   goals, consistent with the ambition
ii   European Environment Agency –
                                                   to reach net zero emissions across all
     Indicator Assessment: Global and              assets under management by 2050
     European sea level rise.                      or sooner.
iii AQN Benfield Weather, climate and
    catastrophe insight 2020 annual report
    20210125-if-annual-cat-report.pdf (aon.com).
                                                                                                M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 47
Climate change and TCFD continued




Our accountability                             Strategy –                                    Actions as a real estate
and disclosures                                towards net zero 2050                         owner and manager
Our central principle is to manage             Having announced our new 2050 carbon          With the built environment
our own businesses to the same                 emissions target for our investment           contributing approximately
high standards of responsible                  portfolio in March 2020, we’re in the         40% of global carbon emissions,
action that we expect from our                 early stages of building our roadmap to       we must achieve decarbonisation
investee companies.                            achieving this ambitious, but essential       of this environment if we are to
As investors ourselves, we know that           goal. This is a complex task – due to         limit the worst effects of climate
shareholders need decision-useful              the evolving science, rapidly moving          change. As one of the founding
data on climate exposure to understand         international political and regulatory        signatories of Better Buildings
climate-related opportunities and risks.       landscapes, and fast-changing customer        Partnership (BBP) Climate Change
We support the recommendations of              needs and expectations.                       Commitment, M&G Real Estate
the Financial Stability Board’s TCFD           Our roadmap will therefore be an              made a commitment in 2019 to
to improve transparency, and are               iterative process. As an asset owner          achieve net zero carbon emissions
committed to implementing them in              we will tilt our strategic asset allocation   by 2050 across its global real
full. The climate-related disclosures          and underlying mandates to be lower           estate portfolio.
made below, and in more detail in              carbon; and as an asset manager we            M&G Real Estate’s Net Zero
our first Sustainability Report we will        will prioritise identifying and investing     Pathway details the progress we
publish as an independent company,             in climate solutions; engaging with           have made to date and our plans
document our progress implementing             investee companies to encourage the           to ensure we achieve our net
the recommendations.                           necessary emissions reductions; and           zero target. We believe that by
                                               reducing contentious high carbon              proactively integrating net zero
Governance                                     exposures. Over time, the proportion          thinking into our investment
Climate change has the potential               of our portfolios which are non-aligned       processes, we can smooth the
to materially impact our business              will decline to zero.                         transition to low carbon investing
so we have allocated responsibility
                                               Actions as an asset owner                     and optimise value for investors.
for identifying and managing the
                                                                                             This has been a strong focus within
financial risks to two first-line Senior       As an asset owner we have committed
                                                                                             our global real estate portfolio,
Management Functions: the Chief                to making our portfolios carbon
                                                                                             where we have driven a 27%
Financial Officer (CFO), and the Chief         neutral by 2050. We integrate ESG
                                                                                             reduction in energy intensity
Investment Officer (CIO). The CFO              considerations – including climate –
                                                                                             compared to 2012/13 – five years
is also the appointed Board member             into the way we allocate between
                                                                                             ahead of our 2025 target. Over that
responsible for climate-related matters.       asset classes and geographic regions,
                                                                                             time, we have seen a 33% reduction
We have put in place a company-wide            through sensitivity analysis assessing
                                                                                             in absolute carbon emissions.
ESG Programme of work to build our             portfolio exposures to climate-related
capability and integrate consideration         physical, transition and litigation           Across our global portfolio,
of ESG risks and opportunities across          risks, country risk categorisation and        the amount of green energy
our business, functions and processes.         benchmark construction. We will be            procured by our funds could power
Implementation is overseen by the ESG          setting fund strategies, designing            41,000 homes annually, while on-site
Steering Committee comprising senior           mandates and selecting the managers           photovoltaic solar panels generated
leaders from across the group. The M&G         to run them with our 2050 commitment          over 6 gigawatts of energy.
plc Board are responsible for oversight        in mind.
of the Group’s ESG strategy.



                                               2050
                                               We have committed
                                               to making our investment
                                               portfolios carbon neutral
                                               by 2050




48 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Actions as an asset manager                In early 2021, we will be testing an
As an active asset manager, we are well    innovative “whole systems” approach
placed to help influence the need for      to climate change scenario analysis,
                                           in collaboration with the asset owner



                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
climate change, because we have the
options of disinvestment or exclusion      and colleagues across finance, risk,
from our funds where we believe            IT operations and sustainability, which
engagement is either inappropriate         has the potential to further improve
or will be ineffective in achieving        our thinking on investment strategy.
positive change.                           One of our priorities in the near term
In 2020, we have been further              is to expand the availability of carbon
stepping up consideration of climate       emissions data of investments beyond
change in every stage of our investment    listed equities, public fixed income and
process – research, portfolio              real estate to cover all asset classes.
management and engagement – and            We will do this through engagement,


                                                                                                                                        Governance
will continue to deepen our capability     encouraging our investee companies to
and coverage in the coming year.           provide full transparent decision-useful
Also in 2020, we developed new             climate-related data through Taskforce
proprietary tools to help investment       on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
professionals identify the prevalence of   (TCFD) aligned reporting, setting
climate and related ESG issues within      science-based targets and participating
companies and across their portfolios,     in initiatives such as CDP; by enhancing
and to enable us to evidence to third      our modelling capability to estimate
parties the integration of climate and     emissions across those elements of
                                           the investment universe not covered;




                                                                                                                                        Financial information
ESG within the investment process.
                                           and by evaluating other available tools
                                           and projects.



                                                                   Making a difference the M&G way

                                                                   Building for the future while
                                                                   preserving heritage
                                                                   Our Fürst & Friedrich office scheme in Düsseldorf
                                                                   has achieved high environmental accolades through
                                                                   Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED)



                                                                                                                                        Other information
                                                                   Gold certification. The development has upgraded the
                                                                   surrounding area, whilst preserving part of the city’s
                                                                   heritage and enabling the local community to benefit
                                                                   from the building’s electric car charging points.
                                                                   It reflects the type of investment we believe will stand
                                                                   the test of time – strong property fundamentals matched
                                                                   by innovative design. This office makes a meaningful
                                                                   contribution to the city and characterises our approach
                                                                   to responsible investing.




                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 49
Climate change and TCFD continued




                                               Making a difference the M&G way

                                               Engaging with investee companies
                                               on emissions targets
With the COP26 due to take place               In 2020, we met with an Australian petroleum company and asked
in Glasgow in November, working                it to set a net zero ‘scope 3’ emissions target for 2050, while setting
to accelerate the pace of global               clear expectations for the company to raise its 2030 ‘scope 1’ and
emissions reductions is a focus for            ‘scope 2’ reduction targets and set a flaring target for gas.
us this year, whether through our own          We requested that the business clearly disclose the split of its
engagement programme or as part                emissions between different processes, how it would hit an initial 30%
of collective actions.                         reduction target and how carbon offsets figured in its strategy. We also
In 2020, we created a climate                  asked the company how it would build its emissions reduction plan into
engagement “Hot List”, which has               executive pay.
focused our engagement on climate              We are monitoring the company’s public disclosures this year to see
change to companies to which we                how they will respond to our feedback and suggested targets before
have the highest carbon exposure.              determining our next steps.
We expect companies on the list to
commit to the Paris Agreement with
net zero carbon emissions by 2050,
and deliver significant falling emissions
in the very near future.
Meaningful engagement with our
investee companies on climate change
is part of what makes active investment
so powerful, whether on our own
or working collectively as part of the
Institutional Investors Group on Climate
Change or Climate Action 100+.




50 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Risk management
The Taskforce on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) requires that businesses disclose clear, comparable and
consistent information about the risks and opportunities presented by climate change. It recognises the severity of climate



                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
risk and challenges misconceptions about the nature and timeframe of the impact of climate change. We take a holistic view
of climate change risk across transition, physical and liability risks and across a range of timeframes (Short-Term (ST): <3 years;
Medium Term (MT): 3-10 years; Long-Term (LT): 10+ years). The main categories of these risks are illustrated in the following
tables, and are applicable across our different legal entities and business areas.

Key Transition Risks Identified
Risk Driver        Impact Identified                                                                                     Horizon
Policy and         Sectors with high carbon emitters leading to increased costs in terms of:                             ST/MT
Regulation         – regulatory changes
                   – decarbonisation/new products
                   – data collection and disclosure


                                                                                                                                          Governance
                   – potential legal fines
Technology         – Associated financial impacts from investing in innovative solutions that reduce,                    ST/MT
                     minimise or mitigate the impact of climate change
                   – Time and resource involved in decommissioning legacy systems
Strategic          Changes to tax revenues, health and social care funding, or policy incentives to save                 MT/LT
Market             Change/fluctuations due to:                                                                           ST/MT
                   – demand for products/services as clients and stakeholders demand more and become
                     more climate aware, or from knock-on impacts from changes to taxes, health and social




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
                     care funding or policy incentives to save
                   – revenue mix and sources resulting in decreased revenues: (e.g. shift in revenue from
                     oil supply to gas supply for customers in the Oil and Gas sector)
                   – fire sales or liquidity issues in carbon intensive assets
                   – the price for energy as the move to greener resources is made
                   – lending limitations and failed repayments
Reputation         Failure to meet targets and commitments made to stakeholders within the                               ST/MT
                   required timeframes

Key Physical Risks Identified
Risk Driver        Impact Identified                                                                                     Horizon




                                                                                                                                          Other information
Acute              The occurrence of extreme weather events resulting in:                                                MT/LT
                   – issues with supply chain management resulting in lower revenues
                   – physical damage and changes to property values
                   – impact on our actuarial liabilities from changes to mortality
Chronic            Climate changes such as global warming and changed weather patterns (including extreme                MT/LT
                   weather conditions such as heat or cold waves and droughts) will impact human health
                   (for example impacting mortality rates, and increasing spread of vector borne diseases).
                   This would impact upon economic growth, monetary policy and lifestyle choices potentially
                   affecting the value of financial assets, expense inflation, lapse behaviours and lifestyle
                   choices with consequences for the propensity to save

Key Liability Risks Identified
Risk Driver        Impact Identified                                                                                     Horizon
Liability/         – Failure to identify investors exposure to loans or funding that results in loss due to climate-     ST/MT/LT
Litigation           based events or otherwise failing to disclose or manage climate risks leading to litigation of
                     the firm and/or directors
                   – Failure to comply with climate regulations could lead to fines or other regulatory sanctions




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 51
Climate change and TCFD continued




Climate change                                 Climate change                                Integrating climate change
risk management                                risk identification                           risk management
Climate change risk is integrated              We combine a range of approaches              We are integrating climate change
into the M&G plc Risk Management               to help us to identify, understand            risk into a range of activities across
Framework, with risk oversight and             and articulate climate risk, including        the third line of defence in all areas
assurance delivered in accordance with         academic research, industry-shared            of M&G plc and legal entities. At a
the Three Lines of Defence model and           learning, scanning tools and relevant         corporate level this has included putting
oversight by the Executive and Group           data sources, and best practice guides.       climate change at the heart of the risk
Risk Committees.                                                                             assessments of our business strategy to
                                               We consider climate change risk from
                                                                                             help guide major decisions, investment
Within M&G plc, climate change is              three perspectives:
                                                                                             and resource across the business.
considered as a strategic thematic
                                               1. The impact that our strategy,              Our ESG risk management framework, in
priority within ESG Risk with oversight
                                                  objectives and operation of the            addition to identifying new areas of risk
from second line of defence Operational
                                                  business, our people and our               management activity linked to climate
Risk and Resilience, in addition to
                                                  investments have on climate change         change will also require existing risk
being integrated into the existing risk
                                                  (Inside out);                              specialist areas to fully integrate ESG
specialist areas. Consideration of ESG
                                                                                             considerations into their processes by
Risk is built into the decision-making         2. How climate change will impact on our
                                                                                             the close of 2021.
and governance processes and a                    business both in respect to threat and
requirement of key strategic board risk           the opportunity created (Outside in);      Throughout the past year, our
assessment papers. Climate change risk            and                                        technology teams have developed
is also being integrated into our scenario                                                   new capabilities in climate analytics,
                                               3. The expectations of our stakeholders
analysis process with both top down and                                                      including initiating market engagement
                                                  in respect to how we manage climate
bottom up consideration over a range                                                         for the development of technical
                                                  change risk both from an inside
of time considerations.                                                                      climate and scenario modelling tools,
                                                  out and outside in perspective
                                                                                             and engaging in proofs of concept
An M&G plc ESG Risk Management                    (Reputationally).
                                                                                             involving technology teams, investment
Framework is being launched in 2021,
                                               Scenario analysis is an important tool in     professionals and second line of defence
with the aim of providing additional
                                               assessing the impacts of these risks over     functions. The identified solutions will
focus on the risk management activities
                                               a range of time horizons and potential        deliver fully integrated capabilities for
required for ESG and climate change
                                               climate pathways.                             use within first line of defence decision-
initiatives, including specific details
                                                                                             making and risk management oversight.
on the requirements to effectively             In 2020 M&G undertook initial climate
identify, monitor, manage and report on        change scenario analysis, with a number       ESG considerations have been built
ESG and climate change risks against           of climate change scenarios defined by        into our Supplier Assessments, and
the proposed ESG Risk Appetite                 the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate        our Inherent Supplier Risk Assessment
Statement(s). The framework will               Change (IPCC) modelled over a short           process now requires an ESG evaluation
provide risk oversight and assurance           (3-5 years) and longer-term (20 year)         of potential suppliers to be undertaken
of key areas including ESG Culture and         time horizon. This analysis was used          using rating measures to determine the
outline how ESG is integrated into our         to assess the climate-related financial       climate impact of a proposed partner.
existing Reputational Risk Framework           risks arising from both transition risk and
                                                                                             Considerations of ESG and climate
to focus on the needs and expectations         physical risk on our Solvency II balance
                                                                                             change risk have also been built into
of our stakeholders.                           sheet across our shareholder and
                                                                                             our ORSA (own risk and solvency
                                               policyholder business.
We are also building our risk                                                                assessment) with detail on climate
management controls to cater for               We also continue to actively participate      change scenario analysis undertaken
the diverse needs of a range of                in various external forums, including the     to date.
stakeholders, geographical territories         Bank of England’s Climate Financial Risk
                                                                                             We are now in the process of embedding
and compliance requirements to identify        Forum (CFRF) and CRO Forums, which
                                                                                             consideration of climate change into
the most effective data, policy, process       provide a useful platform to identify key
                                                                                             People and Behavioural Risk assessment
and reporting approach for the future.         ESG and climate change risks.
                                                                                             and annual deep-dive process, with a
These risks will be assessed from an
                                                                                             specific focus on the ‘the future of work’
Operational, Financial, Investment,
                                                                                             in respect to our employees to create
Transformation, Technological, People
                                                                                             working practices that support a low
and Reputational perspective.
                                                                                             carbon footprint post lockdown.




52 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 Making a difference the M&G way

 Delivering a cleaner, healthier future for us all



                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
 In 2019 we joined RE100, a global corporate initiative aiming to accelerate a
 global shift to clean energy. For our 2019 reporting year, 99.7% of our global
 energy use was compliant with RE100 standards, which means powered by
 renewable energy purchased directly, or through energy attribute certificates
 (EACs). The remaining 0.3% is the energy used in our offices in Japan and South
 Korea where we were unable to source renewable energy locally. For 2020,
 we anticipate directly purchased renewable electricity and EACs for all of our
 locations, with the exception of South Korea.




                                                                                                                                       Governance




                                                                                                                                       Financial information




                                                                                                                                       Other information
Metrics and targets                         In line with delivery of our net zero       Additionally the performance measures
                                            corporate and investment targets            for the 2021 Long-Term Incentive
As a member of the Net Zero Asset
                                            and our NZAM commitment, we are             Plan (LTIP) include a measure aligned
Manager (NZAM) initiative we have
                                            reviewing the pilot version of the          to our commitment to reduce our
committed not only to our 2050 net
                                            Financial Sector Science-based Targets      own carbon emissions to net zero by
zero carbon emissions target across our
                                            Guidance recently published in October      2030. The Remuneration Committee
total AUMA , but also to setting interim
                                            2020, with a view to setting science-       felt it was important to include this
targets for 2030, consistent with a fair
                                            based targets within the near future.       to ensure personal accountability for
share of the 50% global reduction in
                                                                                        the commitment and to demonstrate
CO2 identified as a requirement in the      Our accountability and disclosures
                                                                                        that sustainability is embedded in
IPCC special report on global warming of    Our central principle is to manage          everything we do. Further details of the
1.5°C. We will take account of portfolio    our own businesses to the same              Sustainability LTIP metric can be found
Scope 1 and 2 emissions and, to the         high standards of responsible action        in the Annual Report on Remuneration
extent possible, material portfolio Scope   that we expect from our investee            which begins on page 118.
3 emissions and we will prioritise the      companies. We already review our
achievement of real economy emissions       investee companies’ TCFD reporting,
reductions within the sectors and           and one of the tools we will use to carry
companies in which we invest.               out our stewardship responsibilities
As an asset owner we are embarking          is to work with other shareholders to
on the process to sign up to the UN         file resolutions that encourage better
Principles for Responsible Investment       climate-related disclosures.
(PRI) and to achieve full membership of     To this end, we have committed to file a
the Net Zero Asset Owner Initiative by      ‘Say on Climate’ resolution at M&G plc’s
the end of 2021.                            2022 AGM to enable our shareholders
                                            to vote on our Paris Alignment Strategy
                                            for climate.


                                                                                        M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 53
Climate change and TCFD continued




 Towards net zero 2030 as a business

                                                       Our corporate
                                                     sustainability pillars




                                                               Places




                                         Partnerships                          People




 Since making our commitment in                We have also recognised the impact         People
 March 2020 to reach net zero carbon           of home working on our emissions,
                                                                                          Our people pillar is about creating
 emissions in our own business by 2030,        and have begun to offset our
                                                                                          a culture of sustainability across
 we have made excellent progress, both         estimated home-working energy
                                                                                          our business. The launch of our
 in developing our long-term roadmap           use. We also continue to address
                                                                                          Sustainability Hub has allowed us
 to achieve this goal, and continuing our      use of other resources across our
                                                                                          to support colleagues’ learning on
 already advanced work on reducing             business. Our focus remains to
                                                                                          core sustainability issues, as well as
 our carbon footprint. Our corporate           improve our operational environmental
                                                                                          provide resources on our strategies
 sustainability strategy has three pillars:    performance, such as waste and
                                                                                          and disclosures. We also continue
 Places, Partnerships and People.              recycling practices, and eliminating
                                                                                          to support local communities
                                               single use plastics.
 Places                                                                                   through school learning programmes
 Our Places pillar focuses on reducing         Partnerships                               that focus on sustainability,
                                                                                          and remote environmental
 carbon emissions associated with our          As a large and complex business,
                                                                                          volunteering opportunities.
 global operational activities, supporting     our environmental footprint is greater
 our 2030 Corporate Net Zero target.           than just the buildings we occupy.         Enforcement actions
 This includes reducing our absolute           Our partnership pillar aims to embed
                                                                                          No fines or regulatory actions
 energy consumption and identifying            sustainability into our wider operation
                                                                                          occurred during the year for
 efficiency opportunities, whilst              including our key strategic partnerships
                                                                                          environmental incidents.
 sourcing renewable electricity across         and supply chain. We are working
 our estate. We are signatories of RE100       to embed ESG into our supply chain
 and are committed to maintaining our          relationships and procurement process.
 certification, we also offset all business    While digital technology has been
 travel and estimated commuting                essential in allowing us to continue
 consumption in 2020.                          to serve our customers with minimal
                                               disruption during the COVID-19
                                               pandemic, we are also considering the
                                               environmental impact of our digital
                                               footprint, including data centres and
                                               digital assets.




54 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Greenhouse gas emissions statement
We have compiled our Global Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions in accordance with the Companies (Directors’ Report) and
Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018.



                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
GHG emissions are broken down into three scopes: we have included full reporting for Scope 1 and 2, and selected Scope 3 reporting
as best practice. Scope 1 emissions are our direct emissions from the combustion of fuel, fugitive emissions and company-owned
vehicles. Scope 2 emissions cover our indirect emissions from the purchase of electricity, heating and cooling. We have reported our
Scope 2 emissions using both the location and market-based methods in line with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance. Our Scope
3 footprint includes business travel booked through our central travel management company, car travel in colleague-owned cars,
global water consumption (where data is available) and UK waste generated from our occupied properties with operational control.
We continue to review the extent of our Scope 3 reporting and increase coverage where practicable. Please refer to our Basis
of Reporting on our website www.mandgplc.com for further detail on our methodology.
In the period covered by the report M&G plc has maintained certification to RE100 and has purchased either green energy or energy
attribute certificates for its electricity use globally. We have also purchased off-sets for a proportion of our 2020 home-working

                                                                                                                                            Governance
energy use, as well as all business travel and estimated commuting for period October 2019 to December 2020. In the period covered
by the report, M&G plc has not completed any energy efficiency projects due to restrictions imposed by COVID-19 across our estate
and reduced occupancy of buildings. During 2020 we have a 16% reduction in carbon emissions (market based) from building use.

                                                                                            2020                                  2019
                                                                                 Global                              Global
                                                                             (excluding                          (excluding
                                                                       UK          UK)      Total          UK           UK)       Total
Scope 1 (tCO2e)               Natural gas, oil (generators),        1,487         122     1,609         1,936          191       2,127
                              vehicle fleet, refrigerants




                                                                                                                                            Financial information
Scope 2 (tCO2e)               Electricity, purchased                2,268       1,244      3,512        4,213       1,636       5,849
Location based                heat and steam
Scope 2 (tCO2e)               Electricity, purchased                  188       1,329      1,517          105        1,775      1,880
Market based (supplier        heat and steam
and residual mix)
                              When reporting totals market-         1,675        1,451     3,126        2,041       1,966       4,007
                              based emission are used
Scope 1 and 2 (tCO2e)i
                              Energy use (MWh)                      16,191      2,527     18,718       22,941       3,264     26,205
                              tCO2e per FTE (Scope 1 and 2)                                0.56                                   0.74

                                                                                                         2020                     2019




                                                                                                                                            Other information
                              Air travel (booked through central travel booker)                         1,281                   8,946
                              Land travel                                                                  50                     127
                              Water (global where available data)                                            4                      11
Scope 3 (tCO2e)
                              Waste (UK only)                                                             163                     365
                              Total                                                                     1,498                   9,449
                              Global Scope 1, 2 and 3 (tCO2e)i                                          4,624                  13,456

Data Notes:
Reporting Period:             1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020
Baseline year:                2019
Independent                   Deloitte LLP has provided limited assurance over selected environmental metrics in accordance with the
Assurance:                    International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board’s (ISAE3000 (Revised)) international standard.
Consolidation                 Operational Control
(boundary) approach:
Consistency with              M&G plc owns and manages assets which are held on its balance sheet in the financial statements
financial statements:         over which it does not have operational control due to fund governance structures. These are
                              excluded from the scope of reporting under the operational control approach.
Emission factor:              Scope 1 and 3 reporting uses the UK Defra 2020 GHG Conversion Factors.
                              Scope 2 calculations use the IEA GHG 2020 Conversion Factors for location-based reporting.
                              Market-based reporting uses supplier emission factors for our UK REGO-backed supply and
                              RE-DISS factors where available.
Accounting                    The Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.
Methodology:
Materiality threshold:        5% of total emissions
Data Restatements:            2019 data has been re-stated to calendar year. Previously disclosed October 2018 to September 2019.

i   When reporting totals market-based emissions are used.

                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 55
Social impact

Living up to our values and purpose
Helping make the world a little better is part                                             The Trust was set up to ensure that
                                                                                           vital funding reached the most
of our purpose. We invest time, expertise and                                              vulnerable as quickly as possible,
funding into long-term programmes to help build                                            prioritising those whose mental health
                                                                                           and well-being has been impacted
more resilient and sustainable communities                                                 and helping those facing financial
                                                                                           hardship. The funds have also provided
                                                                                           support for long-term resilience
                                                                                           against the effects of COVID-19.
Making a lasting difference                    Helping our communities
M&G has a proud heritage of making             during COVID-19 pandemic                    Royal Voluntary Service (RVS)
a difference and creating positive                                                         is one of our long-standing charity
                                               We work in partnership with charities
long-lasting impacts. We believe that                                                      partners in the UK. This year they
                                               that provide frontline services to our
it’s important to be active and engaged                                                    organised and delivered the NHS
                                               communities around the world and were
to make our business and society                                                           Volunteer Responders programme in
                                               glad to be able to play a small part when
stronger and more resilient. We want our                                                   England to protect those most at risk.
                                               our communities needed help this year.
investment to have a sustainable benefit                                                   From April 2020, volunteers delivered
for our communities, our customers             In 2020, we donated over £1.3 million to    over 1.2 million tasks. This was the
and our business. So we work with              ensure our existing charity partners and    first time an app was used to match
charities and NGOs on local, national          local organisations close to our offices    volunteers with patients at this scale.
and international programmes that bring        could continue to deliver their critical
colleagues together and make a lasting         services and support to people in need.
difference to our communities.                 M&G is a founding partner of the
                                               National Emergencies Trust and
                                               supported its appeal with corporate
                                               donations as well as match funding
                                               colleagues’ contributions.



£3.7m
Total community
investment in 2020




 Making a difference the M&G way

 Volunteer support where it’s needed
 Brian Bailey is 75 and has no close family. Throughout the
 COVID-19 pandemic, he has relied on Royal Voluntary
 Service volunteers to take him to and from the Royal
 Leicester Infirmary, where he has undergone 37 treatments
 for prostate cancer.
 “The treatment didn’t faze me. The only thing I was worried
 about was how I’d get there 37 times and not catch COVID
 from taking four buses.”
 Without the support from volunteer drivers, Brian adds, “I                  When I’m driving people like
 would have refused the treatment…I wasn’t prepared to do
 that journey. What the RVS volunteers have done for me is                Brian, I forget my own problems
 wonderful – it took all that pressure off me. Thank you so             and focus on others, which lifts my
 much from the bottom of my heart.”
                                                                       spirits and makes me less self-centred
 Jenny, one of the volunteers who has helped Brian, says:
                                                                         and more fulfilled and confident.”
 “Volunteering for Royal Voluntary Service was a small                                           Jenny
 step, but it led to rewards greater than I ever imagined.                                 RVS volunteer driver
 Some of my clients have had an impact on me which I will
 remember forever.”

56 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 Making a difference the M&G way
                                                    When I was chosen to live
 A home of your own                                  in one of the Habitat for


                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
 Around 10,000 16 to 18 year-olds
 leave foster or residential care in
                                                   Humanity flats, I couldn’t wait
 England every year. Having been                    to move in. Life is starting
 shuttled from one home to another                      to get better now.”
 during their childhood, they’ve never
                                                                        Josh
 enjoyed the sense of security that
 comes with a home. At this early age,
 the prospect of finding employment,
 paying rent and other bills, and                                                      Breaking Barriers,
 maintaining a healthy lifestyle without                                               Building Futures
 the support network and safety net of                                                 We believe we have a valuable part to
 a family can be a daunting prospect.                                                  play in making society more inclusive

                                                                                                                                      Governance
 Our partnership with Habitat for                                                      and resilient, and helping social mobility,
 Humanity delivers supported                                                           so more people can live the lives they
 affordable accommodation for young                                                    want. Breaking Barriers, Building Futures
 care leavers, one of the groups                                                       is our flagship programme that uses
 identified as particularly vulnerable                                                 community investment and volunteering
 to experiencing homelessness. Josh,                                                   to help achieve this purpose.
 who found himself alone and sleeping                                                  Our goal is to help empower a million
 rough at 22 is an example of just                                                     people to build better futures for
 how easily any of us can fall on hard                                                 themselves, their families and their




                                                                                                                                      Financial information
 times as the result of misfortune.                                                    communities by the end of 2023.
 “Just one night sleeping outside is
 scary,” says Josh. “But I have my own                                                 To achieve this, we are focusing
 space now and it’s helping me gain                                                    our community investment in three
 the confidence to stand on my own                                                     areas: urban regeneration, economic
 two feet.”                                                                            empowerment and skills and education.
                                                                                       Each is supported by flagship
                                                                                       international charity partnerships to
                                                                                       help us deliver our goal: channeling
                                                                                       investment and providing volunteering
                                                                                       opportunities to engage M&G




                                                                                                                                      Other information
                                                                                       employees around the world.
Our financial aid allowed RVS to extend    This included working with hospitals        We develop long-term programmes
its services to provide welfare checks     to ensure they were fully equipped          with our charity partners which involve
and emotional support to the most          to respond to increased demand,             support through funding, and also the
vulnerable. This included: welfare         addressing food and economic security,      experience and expertise of our own
and companionship telephone calls;         and providing protection to people living   people. We ensure that the projects we
essential grocery and prescription         in inadequate housing with no access to     support are sustainable, and we work
drops; distribution of free food packs     public health systems.                      closely with our partners to ensure that
to vulnerable people at home and to                                                    our programmes continuously improve
                                           Providing a robust response to the
NHS teams; and essential medical                                                       and adapt to urgent and emerging
                                           global COVID-19 pandemic emergency
transport journeys.                                                                    needs, such as the impact of COVID-19.
                                           was essential, but the second phase of
In support of our international            recovery and rebuilding communities
communities we provided funding to the     in the aftermath is also critical.
International Federation of Red Cross      We recognise that the crisis will have
and Red Crescent Societies to support      longer-term implications for the most
organisations working on the frontline.    vulnerable in society.
                                           We’re working with our charity partners
                                           so that we can continue to deliver our
                                           social programme – which focuses on
                                           supporting some of the most vulnerable
                                           and disadvantaged in society – and will
                                           have a long-term benefit over a number
                                           of years. We match fund all colleagues’
                                           charitable donations and also encourage
                                           colleagues to volunteer their services to
                                           support local communities.



                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 57
Social impact continued




 Making a difference the M&G way

 Giving young people skills for life
 The 2019-20 academic year saw the significant expansion
 of the Skills for Life programme from one location in
 London, to M&G offices in Edinburgh, Stirling and Reading,
 and the addition of a new session on money covering
 topics such as National Insurance, income tax, budgeting,
 minimum wage and costs associated with university.
  “Skills for Life took the pupils out of their shells and showed
 them what is possible by applying skills in a range of
 situations. The pupils were all treated as young adults and
 expectations were equally high for all of them,” commented
 teacher Garry MacDonald of Bo’ness Academy.
 Student feedback surveys have been equally positive,
 showing that confidence in core abilities and transferable
 employability skills, including presenting and public
 speaking, increased by 44%, networking by 34%, and
 interview skills by 48%. Confidence around money
 management rose by 26% and around banking and                                Skills for Life took the pupils
 financial terminology by 51%.                                               out of their shells and showed
 Furthermore, over 70% had a clearer idea of what                               them what is possible.”
 they wanted to do after school or college, and 100%
                                                                                              Garry MacDonald
 of teachers agreed that their students started to think                                   Teacher Bo’ness Academy
 more confidently about their future after completing
 the Skills for Life programme.



Urban regeneration                             The partnership has launched pilot           Through the launch of an engaging
We want to help to create new                  programmes in London, Edinburgh              new Young Tree Champions website,
opportunities for people of all ages           and Warsaw, with existing buildings          more than 300 schools have signed
and at all stages, working towards             used to create future homes for              up to access an exclusive interactive
a future where our communities                 vulnerable groups.                           Club Space which hosts a suite of
are more resilient and inclusive.                                                           bespoke teacher training opportunities
                                               The Tree Council –
We’re investing in urban regeneration                                                       and curriculum linked resources to
                                               Young Tree Champions
projects which help communities                                                             help inspire them to learn outdoors
                                               We’re working with The Tree Council          and tackle the crisis. The schools most
to thrive:
                                               to respond to the climate and                in need will have the opportunity to
Habitat for Humanity – Stopping                ecological crisis through a new              participate in public speaking workshops
Homelessness in its Tracks                     ‘Young Tree Champions’ programme.            giving them the skills and confidence
This programme is working to build             The programme aims to inspire teachers       to speak up for trees and nature.
a coalition of the public, voluntary           and young people across the UK to            They will also have the opportunity
and private sectors to release and             be a ‘Force for Nature’ and connect,         to apply for free trees to plant in their
repurpose vacant and empty                     learn and share the power of trees to        grounds and a ‘tech kit’ to help bring
spaces to reduce homelessness                  help create a healthier future for people    them to life, with technology.
across Europe.                                 and planet.




58 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Economic empowerment                          Skills and education                          Governance
We know that many social and structural       Our community investment activity             We have established an operating
factors can make it very difficult to save    aims to break down barriers and create        model for Corporate Responsibility



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
and plan for the future. Through our          a world where everyone has the skills         (CR) across M&G plc which provides
investment in economic empowerment,           they need to maximise their full potential.   guidance to support each office and
we aim to help equip people with the          Through the skills and education pillar       market to manage charitable activities
tools they need to be financially secure.     of our programme, we’re helping               within the framework of a consistent,
                                              communities prepare for the future.           business-wide approach. A CR
Junior Achievement Europe –
10X Challenge                                 Age UK – Building Resilience                  Governance Committee is in place, with
                                                                                            senior management representation,
10X is a financial and enterprise             The Building Resilience programme
                                                                                            which oversees community investment
education challenge designed to               provides an in-depth information and
                                                                                            activity and agrees strategy and spend.
reach students across Europe. It will         advice service delivered at a local level,
                                                                                            The Group Executive Committee and
include a digital platform developed to       as well as support, advice and referrals
                                                                                            the Board review the CR strategy
equip secondary school students with          to life-changing services through Age
                                                                                            and performance on an annual

                                                                                                                                           Governance
enterprise and financial capability skills.   UK’s national Advice Line.
                                                                                            basis. A specialist CR team manages
It will also provide teachers with the
                                              Older people are facing more complex          activities across the business: devising
resources they need to teach enterprise
                                              issues than ever before and the               community investment initiatives,
education and financial capability,
                                              programme aims to equip them with the         measuring impact and spend, tracking
particularly around the topic of longer-
                                              tools, skills and opportunities they need     performance against annual competitor
term saving and investment.
                                              to build resilience and overcome the          benchmarking, as well as exploring
SOS Children’s Villages –                     most challenging times.                       issues of key social importance to the
Empowering Families                                                                         business and determining where we can
                                              The Talent Foundry – Skills for Life
We have partnered with SOS                                                                  make the greatest social impact.




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
                                              A bespoke mentoring employability
Children’s Villages to deliver a three-                                                     Charitable donations
                                              programme for sixth form students
year international programme to help
                                              from some of the most disadvantaged           We calculate our community investment
prevent family breakdown. This will
                                              schools in the UK, Skills for Life helps      spend using the internationally
ensure that children grow up in a stable
                                              develop valuable new employment               recognised London Benchmarking
family and become resilient adults
                                              skills in preparation for the next steps,     Group (LBG) standard. This includes
through holistic support including
                                              whether work or further education.            cash donations to registered charitable
food security, shelter, education,
                                              Designed by The Talent Foundry in             organisations, as well as a cash
skills, and emotional well-being.
                                              partnership with M&G plc, the sessions        equivalent for in-kind contributions.
We’re also supporting young adults            are fully facilitated with professional,      Please see assurance statement
into education and employment                 experienced leads who engage the              provided by Deloitte on our website
through school attendance, adult              students and draw on our colleagues’          at www.mandgplc.com.



                                                                                                                                           Other information
learning, employment training                 experience to provide students with
                                                                                            Our total community investment spend
and access to vocational and                  real-life examples. The programme helps
                                                                                            in 2020 was £3.7m, of which £3.2m
entrepreneurship support.                     students to develop employability skills
                                                                                            was cash. The balance included in-kind
                                              such as communication, networking
The programme is designed to be                                                             donations prepared in accordance
                                              and interview preparation, as well as
sustainable and long-term, ensuring                                                         with London Benchmarking Group
                                              managing budgets and finance. For the
that its impact on individuals and                                                          guidelines. This included 450 colleagues
                                              last five years, colleagues across the UK
families continues after they’ve                                                            who dedicated 4,696 hours of
                                              have been supporting the programme in
become self-reliant.                                                                        volunteer service in their communities.
                                              a range of different ways, including CV
                                                                                            Furthermore, £175,000 was donated
                                              reviews and mock interviews.
                                                                                            across the business by our employees
                                              As Skills for Life enters its sixth year,     through our payroll giving scheme.
                                              we’ve developed and launched a series
                                              of virtual workshops as well as a new
                                              digital platform that hosts a wealth
                                              of resources aimed at improving the
                                              employability of disadvantaged young
                                              people – giving them unique insight into
                                              the world of work and equipping them
                                              with the skills they need to succeed.




                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 59
Our people and culture

Supporting our people in a fast-changing world
As we adapt to meet new challenges in a fast-moving
world, we’re continuing to improve the way we
support our workforce: focusing on keeping people
safe while enabling them to do their best work




5,961
Employees     i
                                                 11,192
                                                 Days of training
                                                                ii
                                                                                            30%
                                                                                            Female representation on the Executive
                                                                                            Committee and their direct reports




                                                 Rising to the challenge
         One team, One M&G
                                                 of COVID-19 pandemic
       Our values form the basis of our
        culture and ways of working.             In 2019, one of our priorities for the         M&G supports me
                                                 coming year was to embed new ways of
                                                 working. Nobody predicted the extent
                                                                                            in being open and visible.
                                                 of how radically our ways of working          It’s an endorsement
                                                 would change in 2020, due to the impact
                                                 of the global COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                                                 of our culture that
                                                 But our people have risen admirably            I know I can reach
                     Care
          We act with care – treating
                                                 to the challenge of continuing to serve      out for support when
                                                 our clients and customers throughout,
      customers, clients and colleagues          demonstrating that our culture and                 it’s needed.”
       with the same level of respect we         values are well established and have a                    Jade Stuart
     would expect for ourselves. We also         real impact on how we work and behave.             Telephone Account Manager
     invest with care, making choices for
                 the long-term.                  When the pandemic began, the safety of
                                                 M&G colleagues was paramount in our
                                                 decision-making. We were one of the
                                                 first organisations to close our offices
                                                 and in many of our markets, including
                                                 the UK, we did so ahead of any lockdown
                                                 being imposed by government.
                  Integrity
         We empower our people to                Requiring some 6,000 people to work
        do the right thing, honouring            from home has naturally brought
                                                                                            We also delivered webinars to help
         our commitments to others               challenges. In April we surveyed
                                                                                            colleagues get the best out of our
         and acting with conviction.             colleagues to identify how they were
                                                                                            technology platform when working
        Our business is built on trust           coping with lockdown and what
                                                                                            from home.
        and we don’t take that lightly.          support they needed. The response
                                                 was overwhelmingly positive, with          After nine months away from the office
                                                 85% saying they trusted our leaders        during 2020, the pandemic is likely to
                                                 to respond effectively to business         have brought about lasting change in
                                                 challenges presented by the virus, and     working practices. Our people have told
                                                 the same percentage feeling well-          us that in future they would like to spend
                                                 connected to colleagues while working      two to three days a week in the office,
                                                 from home.                                 with the remainder working from home.
                                                                                            When the time comes to reopen our
                                                 However, many of our people did
                                                                                            offices, we will engage with individuals
                                                 tell us that they needed IT and office
                                                                                            to identify what works best for them.
                                                 equipment to help them work more
                                                                                            We’ll be flexible and try to accommodate
                                                 effectively at home. We worked with
                                                                                            their circumstances, whether they’d
                                                 our IT suppliers to meet this need,
                                                                                            prefer to work from home full time or
                                                 reimbursing all employees up to £240
i    Including all employees – permanent, part
                                                                                            come into the office every day.
                                                 each to cover IT equipment, and up to
     time and those on fixed-term contracts.
                                                 £400 for home office furniture.
ii   2.1 days per employee or 11,191.7 days of
     training across the headcount of 5,362
     permanent employees at the end of 2020.
60 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Employee gender                                  Group Executive Committee                     Employee profile gender diversity
%                                                and their direct reports gender               Number of people
                                                 %




                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                 38




                                                                                                                                      17


                                                                                                                  7
                                                                                                   4   4
                                                                                                                      2




                                                                                                                                              Governance
 Men                                       55%    Men                                   70%       Board     Group Executive   Senior
                                                                                                            Committee (GEC) management
 Women                                     45%    Women                                30%




One M&G, one culture                             A place where everybody
In our view, the long-term performance           feels safe, valued and included
of a business and the quality of its             Our Global Diversity and Inclusion                I love helping people
culture are inextricably connected.
Our business relies on sustaining strong
                                                 Strategy lays out our priorities and goals,
                                                 with individual strands around gender,
                                                                                                       to embrace new
                                                                                                       ways of working

                                                                                                                                              Financial information
relationships with our customers, clients,       LGBT+, disability, ethnicity/nationality
shareholders and other stakeholders
which are built on trust. So we’ve
                                                 and life stages.                                   by supporting them
created a One M&G culture based on               During the year we announced our                   to get the most out
                                                 commitment for 40% of senior leaders to
two values: care and integrity.
                                                 be women and 20% to be from a Black,                 of the technology
This culture of care and integrity is
central to everything we do. It defines
                                                 Asian or minority ethnic background by              and tools we have
                                                 2025, in the process becoming the first
how we behave towards each other,                savings and investment company to                   available at M&G.”
how we interact with our stakeholders,           announce an ethnicity target. From April                    Dominic Emery
and above all, how we will deliver on our                                                              Employee Adoption Specialist
                                                 2021, we’ve committed to publishing a
purpose: to grow and manage people’s             combined gender and ethnicity pay gap



                                                                                                                                              Other information
savings so that they can live the life they      report which will guide us in future years
want, while making the world a little            as we strive to reduce our gap across
better along the way.                            the organisation.
                                                 We made pleasing progress on many
                                                 aspects of diversity and inclusion over
                                                 the last 12 months, including:
     M&G plc focused                             – reaching 50% female Board
       on people first                             representation – well ahead of the
                                                                                               Our Inclusion Index showed an 11%
                                                   Hampton Alexander target of 33%;
   during the COVID-19                                                                         improvement over the previous year.
                                                 – reaching 30% of our senior leaders
      pandemic. From                               being women;
                                                                                               However, the most accurate measure
                                                                                               of progress on inclusion lies in the
   emphasising mental                            – achieving the National                      things that our people themselves
  health and well-being,                           Equality Standard;                          actually think and say – and here we’re
                                                 – becoming the first savings and              pleased to report that the employee
  to financial support, to                         investment company to be recognised         survey discussed below found that
  creating a comfortable                           as Disability Confident Level 3 leaders     85% of respondents said they can be
                                                   by the Department of Work and               themselves without worrying about
    work environment.”                             Pensions; and                               being accepted (up 6% on 2019).
                  Ovo Gharoro
       Head of Investment Data Solutions         – extending our commitment to support
                                                   black inclusion in several different
                                                   ways, including introducing the #IAm
                                                   campaign in support of the Black Lives
                                                   Matter movement and participating in
                                                   the #100blackinterns programme.




                                                                                               M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 61
Our people and culture continued



Our well-established affinity networks         Setting out our expectations,              Our leaders are key to creating a unified
have continued to support diversity            embedding our culture                      and appropriate culture, with the right
and foster a sense of togetherness                                                        mindsets in place. In 2020, over 1,000
                                               Our culture programme is sponsored
throughout the year. Groups including                                                     people managers, including all senior
                                               by our Chief Executive and includes
cultural diversity, LGBT+, disability,                                                    leaders and members of the Group
                                               workstreams headed by senior leaders
mental health and more, represent the                                                     Executive Committee (GEC), took part
                                               to provide direction.
broad diversity of people who work                                                        in virtual training on how to lead with
at M&G and provide platforms for               During 2020, we launched a new Code        respect, care and integrity. In addition,
discussion, insight and support.               of Conduct, based on our values of         our 100 most senior leaders participated
                                               care and integrity, setting out the high   in a 360-degree exercise, which
                                               standards of behaviour that we expect      provided them with valuable feedback
                                               from all employees – from apprentices to   from a wide range of stakeholders.
                                               the Boardroom. All our people attended
                                               workshops on our purpose, values and
                                               behaviours during the year.




 Making a difference the M&G way

 This Is Me
 One of the ways in which we support diversity and
 inclusion is by sharing real stories from M&G employees
 who have experienced mental health or other issues.
 Our This Is Me… project brings difficult matters into the
 open and makes a positive difference to how colleagues
 think and behave.
                                                                             When I joined M&G as an
 M&G IT specialist Ian Brakspear says, “When I joined
 M&G plc as an apprentice back in 2015, I was sceptical                  apprentice in 2015, I was sceptical
 about revealing that I am autistic. But, after a chat                    about revealing that I am autistic,
 with the Apprenticeship team, I decided that it was the
 right decision.                                                            but I’ve been overwhelmed
 “I’d spent my entire life trying to hide who I am and                     by the support that I received.”
 finally, enough was enough. It was time to stop hiding                                      Ian Brakspear
                                                                                            M&G IT specialist
 and start being me.
 “Throughout my time at M&G, whenever I have told
 people, I’ve been overwhelmed by the support and
 response that I received.
 “We often hear talk that M&G plc is a diverse and inclusive
 work environment, and I can testify to that. All too often
 those with neurodiversity are forgotten, but I am living
 proof that M&G is a leader in this field.”

62 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Continuing to promote                           We will make any reasonable adjustments
health and well-being                           to our recruitment process, to enable all          My favourite thing
Our online Well-being Hub has been the
                                                candidates to be able to shine and be                about working
                                                their best selves during the process.



                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
first port of call for anyone looking for                                                          at M&G plc is the
extra support while adjusting to remote         In 2020, we partnered with Leonard
working during the COVID-19 pandemic.           Cheshire on their Change 100
                                                                                                opportunity to discover,
Virtual cognitive behaviour therapy,            Programme, to help students and                   develop and deploy
pilates and fitness sessions have been
complemented by online GP services
                                                graduates with long-term health
                                                conditions or disability gain work
                                                                                                   capabilities in me
and an employee assistance helpline.            placements. The programme started in                that I didn’t even
In April, we refocused our performance
                                                the Summer of 2020 where we placed               know I had; all within
                                                two interns from the programme on an
management conversations to
                                                eight-week internship programme.                 a safe and supportive
concentrate on well-being, and as the
year progressed, we introduced a range          Our Technology For All campaign                      environment.”

                                                                                                                                             Governance
of virtual workshops to address specific        highlights the accessibility features of                    Precious Appiah
                                                                                                      Technical Adoption Apprentice
issues raised by the pandemic – such as         Microsoft 365 to all colleagues and our
resilience, nutrition and mental health         Workplace Adjustments guide helps
during the Christmas holiday season.            colleagues and managers to access any
Our Alone not Lonely and Managing               adjustments required to enable them
your Mindset programmes helped                  to continue to achieve their career and
people cope with extended periods of            personal goals.
remote working and isolation.
                                                Developing our teams
The pandemic has also been challenging




                                                                                                                                             Financial information
to many parents working at home.                Our success depends on our people,
Through M&G’s corporate membership              and we work hard to make sure we
of CityParents, a network offering              give them the skills to support our
expert help and support to working              business objectives and enable them to        Confirming our progress
parents, during 2020 our people have            enjoy fulfilling and rewarding careers.       Every year, the One Voice colleague
attended 122 webinar events on topics           Our online learning platform is home          survey provides us with a rich source of
such as supporting children with remote         to over 22,000 programmes that are            data about what it’s really like to work for
learning, child mental health, and              available to all employees, regardless        M&G. This year’s survey, which achieved
balancing family and work needs.                of age, gender, location or seniority.        a 71% response rate, showed that all key
                                                People can sign up to any or all three        metrics were up on the previous year,
A Disability Confident Leader                   development streams – leaders,                by between 3 and 24 percentage points.




                                                                                                                                             Other information
                                                people managers and colleagues – to           In our view, this demonstrates excellent
At M&G we know that an inclusive
                                                receive a selection of curated online         progress as we move steadily towards
environment makes us more accessible
                                                learning resources every few weeks.           being One M&G.
and ensures we attract, engage,
                                                As our people progress at M&G, their
promote and retain exceptional people.                                                        Standout results included:
                                                learning becomes more tailored to their
We welcome applications from all
                                                responsibilities and likely career path.      – Sustainable engagement – 80%
individuals regardless of age, gender,
gender identity, sexual orientation,            Despite the pandemic, in 2020 we              – Inclusion index – 85%
ethnicity, nationally, disability or military   continued to base our performance             – 79% of employees feel M&G plc has
service and welcome those who have              management approach on regular                  a supportive culture
taken career breaks. We will consider           conversations rather than a single once-      – 79% believe M&G plc acts responsibly
flexible working arrangements for any           a-year session. Every person is given
of our roles.                                   a performance rating at the end of the        As we move into 2021, we’ll
                                                year reflecting their achievements and        continue to listen, improve and drive
                                                behaviours, and is provided with training     positive change.
                                                before their main conversation with their
                                                manager. For the coming year, all our
                                                people will have a sustainability objective
                                                as part of their annual objectives,
                                                which will be taken into account in their
                                                performance management.




                                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 63
Non-Financial Reporting Statement

Playing our part as a responsible business
 Since demerging in October 2019 and listing as                                              For details                     Page

 an independent company, we’ve developed new                                                Business model                  14-17
 policies and enhanced existing ones to reflect our                                         Principal risks                68-76

 commitment to sustainability, our people, social                                           Non-financial KPIs             24-29

 matters, human rights, and anti-corruption and                                             Social impact                  56-59

 anti-bribery                                                                               Our employees                 60-63
                                                                                            ESG policies and activities    42-55
                                                                                            (We will publish a separate
                                                                                            ESG report in 2020)




Anti-corruption                                Management and mitigation                   Outlook
and anti-bribery                               A dedicated Group Financial Crime           During the COVID-19 pandemic, the
We’re committed to the highest levels of       Compliance (GFCC) function leads the        financial services sector has seen a
integrity and business conduct and have        implementation of a framework across        marked increase in attempted financial
a zero tolerance approach to bribery and       the Group, including policies, standards,   crime. We continue to work closely with
corruption. We require all employees to        training, guidance and oversight.           industry bodies and law enforcement
adhere to the M&G plc Anti-bribery and         This framework recognises the               agencies to increase protection for both
Corruption Policy and to carry out their       obligation of the regulated subsidiaries    customers and consumers, both in the
duties with openness and transparency.         to meet their distinct FCC requirements     UK and overseas.
                                               as prescribed under local law. GFCC,
Periodic training and reporting                                                            We are committed to playing our part
                                               in partnership with the dedicated
requirements ensure that employees are                                                     in creating a safe and secure global
                                               Compliance Monitoring team within
aware of their obligations under the M&G                                                   financial system and detecting and
                                               the Regulatory Compliance function,
plc Anti-bribery and Corruption Policy                                                     reporting criminal conduct to law
                                               performs routine monitoring and deep-
as well as its supporting standards.                                                       enforcement agencies wherever
                                               dive activities across the Group, and
Non-compliance could lead to criminal                                                      we operate.
                                               also undertakes regular enterprise-wide
prosecution, fines or reprimands and/          financial crime risk assessments which      Human rights
or cause significant damage to M&G             cover all of our global activities.
                                                                                           Our business is built on our core values
plc’s reputation.
                                               M&G plc has begun a programme of            of care and integrity:
Principal risk                                 work to verify that the controls that
                                                                                           Care – we act with care, treating our
As a financial services company,               operate across the Group are sufficiently
                                                                                           customers, clients and colleagues with
M&G is faced with potential risk of            comprehensive and resilient to mitigate
                                                                                           the same respect we would expect
financial crime. The consequences for          the risk of the facilitation of financial
                                                                                           ourselves and we invest with care,
M&G should they fail to appropriately          crime in line with all relevant legal and
                                                                                           making choices for the long-term.
manage financial crime risk can lead to        regulatory requirements. This work
its systems, products and/or services          would anticipate taking any necessary       Integrity – we empower our people at
being used to facilitate criminal conduct,     remediation on existing business where      M&G to do the right thing, honouring
leading to regulatory censure, imposition      appropriate in addition to ensuring that    our commitments to others and acting
of operational restrictions, loss of licence   the existing controls operate on an         with conviction.
and material reputational damage.              on-going basis in line with internal and
                                                                                           Care and integrity extend beyond our
                                               external requirements.
                                                                                           company into the communities and
                                                                                           societies within which we operate.
                                                                                           A significant consideration to how we
                                                                                           do business and make the world a little
                                                                                           better along the way is a commitment
                                                                                           to support and respect human rights.
                                                                                           Human rights concerns all of us and is
                                                                                           core to our business interests and we
                                                                                           believe in supporting human rights by
                                                                                           acting responsibly and with integrity in
                                                                                           everything we do.




64 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
As a global company, we operate within     – Similarly, our Workplace Solutions        Adherence to policies
many countries and communities.              (previously Corporate Property) team
                                                                                       Narrative within our Non-Financial
We aim to comply with local laws and         has developed and implemented
                                                                                       Reporting Statement covers the
regulations in every jurisdiction where      a supplier segmentation tool to



                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
                                                                                       following policies and developments
we operate and strive to uphold the          help identify, manage and mitigate
                                                                                       across 2020:
principles and expectations outlined in      risks, including modern slavery.
our Statement of Human Rights.               This is applied across the lifecycle      – Bribery, Corruption and Tax Evasion
                                             of the deal at pre-contract,                Risk Policy
We are committed to working with all our
                                             contracting, deployment and ongoing       – Statement of Human Rights
suppliers and stakeholders to help end
                                             service monitoring.
slavery, human trafficking, child labour                                               – Whistleblowing Policy
or any other abuse of human rights.        – Whistleblowing mandatory training
                                                                                       – Supplier Code of Conduct
                                             for all M&G plc employees across our
Our Procurement teams across our UK          organisation was rolled out in June       – M&G plc Code of Conduct
businesses have further embedded a           2020. This training detailed what,        Some of these policies have only
coordinated response to the requirements     when and how to raise a concern           recently been implemented and will be

                                                                                                                                      Governance
of the Modern Slavery Act 2015, with         with human rights violations (modern      reviewed during 2021, others are more
a focus on our external supply chain,        slavery) included. No whistleblowing      embedded into our business.
as follows:                                  cases that had been raised in the last
                                             reporting period remained open at the     Looking to 2021, we are soon to
– Procurement highlights within
                                             end of this reporting period.             publish our supporting Anti-Bribery,
  all tender activity the Group’s
                                                                                       Corruption and Tax Evasion Standards.
  expectations around modern slavery.      – Our Workplace Solutions team
                                                                                       Alongside this we are due to undertake
  This is undertaken regardless of the       have carried out refresher training
                                                                                       an initial mapping exercise and proposal
  supplier statutory position (therefore     on Ethical Procurement (including
                                                                                       document for our business to adopt a
  suppliers under the £36 million            modern slavery) and briefed the
                                                                                       modern slavery policy which defines our




                                                                                                                                      Financial information
  threshold are not exempted from            entire Workplace Solutions Team on
                                                                                       Group Governance Framework position
  our requirements).                         the risks and how to identify modern
                                                                                       using UK legislation (Modern Slavery
– Procurement and Supplier Risk              slavery. M&G plc contracts remain
                                                                                       Act 2015) as our minimum standard.
  Management determine the nature            refreshed and updated for modern
                                                                                       We will be able to report further on
  of services provided by suppliers and      slavery provisions.
                                                                                       implementation of these policies and
  identify associated risks, including     We recognise our responsibility to          frameworks in the 2022 Annual Report.
  any potential risk exposure to modern    comply with all relevant legislation
  slavery. Our Procurement team have       included within the Modern Slavery Act
  applied an additional sustainable        2015. Our Modern Slavery Transparency
  procurement questionnaire into our       Statement (to be published in May
  existing RFP process, generating         2021), confirms how we comply with all




                                                                                                                                      Other information
  increased insight into potential         relevant legislation and the steps we’ve
  supplier policies and practices          taken to assess and mitigate against the
  in relation to modern slavery.           risk of modern slavery and human rights
  Where suppliers are seen not to have     violations within our business and supply
  appropriate standards in place, we       chains, as well as how we’ve managed
  will work in close collaboration to      and will continue to proactively monitor
  improve standards.                       those risks.




                                                Care and integrity extend
                                                  beyond our company
                                                into the communities and
                                                   societies around us.”
                                                                     Lee Bullen
                                                                  Commercial Officer




                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 65
Risk management

Our framework
Our risk management is supported                                                               COVID-19 pandemic
by an embedded risk culture and                                                                The risk and control environment
strong risk governance                                                                         was heavily impacted by the
                                                                                               COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted
                                                                                               in significant market volatility
                                                                                               and operational challenges.
As part of our business operations,            The Risk Committee supports the Board           We responded quickly at the start of
we take on risks on behalf of our              in these activities providing leadership,       the pandemic to mobilise resources
shareholders, customers and clients.           direction and oversight, and the Audit          and stand up business continuity
We generate shareholder value by               Committee assists the Board in meeting          protocols. We also established
selectively taking exposure to risks           its responsibilities for the integrity of our   an Executive Solvency Monitoring
where such risks are adequately                financial reporting, including obligations      Group to provide additional oversight
rewarded, and can be appropriately             for the effectiveness of our internal           of financial risks.
quantified and managed to safeguard            control and risk management systems.
                                                                                               While the pandemic has not
our ability to meet commitments to             The Remuneration Committee ensures
                                                                                               resulted in new principal risks being
customers and clients, comply with             that compensation structures place
                                                                                               identified, it has impacted the Group
regulations and protect our reputation.        appropriate weight on all individuals
                                                                                               across our risk profile as detailed in
The Board has ultimate responsibility          adopting the required risk culture
                                                                                               the principal risks on the following
for these risks across the Group.              and behaviours.
                                                                                               pages. A rapid scaling up in remote
To assist the Board in discharging             The system of internal control, including       working capacity and capability
its responsibilities, we have a                risk management, which supports the             has heightened operational risk
comprehensive approach to identifying,         Board and Risk and Audit Committees             in the following key areas:
measuring, managing, monitoring                is based on the principles of ‘Three Lines      IT connectivity; data security and
and reporting current and emerging             of Defence’: 1) risk identification and         privacy; cyber crime; fraud; and
risks (‘the Risk Management Cycle’),           management, 2) risk oversight, advice           processing failure due to changes
supported by an embedded risk culture          and challenge and 3) independent                to controls. We continue to progress
and strong risk governance. This is            assurance (see Figure 1).                       our programme of work to enhance
set out in the Group Risk Management                                                           operational resilience and to maintain,
                                               First line business areas identify and
Framework, key elements of which are                                                           test and upgrade our IT environment
                                               manage risks and are overseen by the
described below.                                                                               and controls. In addition, the
                                               second line Risk and Resilience and
                                                                                               pandemic has heightened people
Our Risk Management Framework is               Compliance functions. The second
                                                                                               risks in areas including staff morale
designed to manage risk within agreed          line Risk and Compliance functions
                                                                                               and wellbeing and we have therefore
appetite levels which are aligned to           are structurally independent of the
                                                                                               put the safety and wellbeing of our
delivering our strategy for customers,         first line, providing risk oversight,
                                                                                               staff at the forefront of our response
clients and shareholders.                      advice and challenge, as well as
                                                                                               to the pandemic.
                                               compliance monitoring and assurance.
Risk culture and governance                    Third line Internal Audit is empowered          Credit risk remains a key area of
The Board is responsible for instilling        by the Audit Committee to audit                 focus as the impacts of restrictions
an appropriate corporate risk culture          the design and effectiveness of                 and lockdowns filter through
within the Group. Working together             internal controls, including the risk           economies. Through our annuity
with our senior management, the                management system.                              portfolios in particular, we are
Board promotes a responsible culture                                                           exposed to excess downgrades
of risk management by emphasising              Risk appetite and limits                        and defaults, and to credit spread
and embedding the importance of                We specify our risk appetite and                widening. However, trading over
balancing risk with profitability and          tolerance to take on risk through risk          the last decade has led to a
growth in decision-making, while also          appetite statements and limits that are         significant increase in the proportion
ensuring compliance with regulatory            aligned to, and reviewed with respect           of secured assets and a defensive
requirements and internal policies.            to, our business model and strategy.            and diversified credit portfolio.
                                               Risk appetite is the amount and type
To help embed our risk culture, the                                                            The uncertainty of the impact that
                                               of risk we are willing to accept in pursuit
Board sets and approves:                                                                       the pandemic will have on our future
                                               of our business objectives.
                                                                                               business and operating environment
– Risk appetite and associated risk
                                               We have established aggregate risk              requires us to continually monitor
  mandates and limits, determining
                                               appetite statements and limits for capital      and assess the risks related to
  how these are then delegated or
                                               (regulatory and economic), liquidity            our change activity. We remain
  cascaded to our businesses and/or
                                               and dividend volatility. The capital risk       committed to our extensive
  individuals to execute
                                               appetite is supported by a solvency             transformation programme and in
– The Risk Management Framework                intervention ladder which sets out              response to the pandemic, we have
  and supporting risk policies                 management actions for implementation           reviewed and, where appropriate,
– Assignment of responsibilities for           or consideration at different levels of         reprioritised our change activity.
  controls and reporting                       regulatory solvency.




66 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                        Our expected ability to stay within             Sustainability risks, along with other
Figure 1                                appetite is assessed during the annual          risk types, are identified, assessed
                                        business planning process, with the             and managed under the M&G plc Risk
           Board of Directors
                                        actual position monitored and managed           Management Framework and specific



                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
                                        regularly throughout the year.                  emphasis on the management of this
                                                                                        risk will be outlined within the M&G plc
                                        We also have risk appetite statements
                                                                                        ESG Risk Management Framework,
            Risk Committee              and accompanying financial limits
                                                                                        which is currently under development.
                                        in place for significant individual
                                                                                        Consideration of ESG Risk is built into
                                        risks, including a comprehensive
                                                                                        the decision-making processes and a
                                        Group Approved Limits Framework.
        Three lines of defence                                                          requirement of key strategic board risk
                                        In combination, the individual appetite
                                                                                        assessment papers. Climate change
                                        statements and limits are set such that
              First line                                                                risk is being integrated into our scenario
                                        we operate in line with the aggregate
 Risk identification and management                                                     analysis process with both top down and
                                        approved risk appetite statements
                                                                                        bottom up consideration over a range of
 – Identify, own, manage and            even when the individual limits are

                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                        time horizons.
   report risks                         fully utilised.
                                                                                        Climate change is significant to our
 – Execute business plan and strategy   We use prescribed indicators to inform
                                                                                        corporate operations and the large
 – Establish and maintain controls      whether a risk may move out of appetite
                                                                                        portfolios of assets we manage on
                                        and, together with limit utilisation, this is
 – Stress/scenario modelling                                                            our own balance sheet and for clients,
                                        a core element of risk reporting to Board
 – Operate within systems                                                               making ESG risks critical to our business
                                        and Executive Risk Committees with
   and controls                                                                         model and priorities.
                                        appropriate management actions.
 – Ongoing self-assessment of control                                                   We combine a range of approaches
   environment effectiveness            Climate risks                                   to help us to identify, understand




                                                                                                                                       Financial information
                                        Climate change risk is currently                and articulate climate risks, including
            Second line                 managed through the M&G plc Risk                academic research, industry-shared
   Oversight, advice and challenge      Management Framework, with risk                 learning, scanning tools and relevant
 – Owner of Risk and                    oversight and assurance delivered               data sources, and best practice guides.
   Compliance Framework                 in accordance with the three lines of
                                                                                        Scenario analysis is an important tool in
                                        defence model. In addition an M&G plc
 – Stress/scenario setting                                                              assessing the impacts of these risks over
                                        ESG Risk Management Framework is
   and oversight                                                                        a range of time horizons and potential
                                        being established to provide additional
 – Regulatory liaison                                                                   climate pathways. M&G has undertaken
                                        focus on the risk management activities
                                                                                        climate scenario analysis with further
 – Proactive and reactive advice        required for ESG and climate change
                                                                                        work underway to develop and enhance
   and guidance                         initiatives, including specific details on
                                                                                        our approach to provide additional



                                                                                                                                       Other information
 – Risk and compliance monitoring       the requirements to effectively identify,
                                                                                        insights into the climate risk faced by the
   and assurance activities             monitor, manage and report on ESG and
                                                                                        business both now and in the future.
                                        climate change risks. The management
 – Risk and compliance reporting        and monitoring of ESG risk, including
              Third line                climate change risk, will also align to our
                                        ESG risk appetite statement(s), which
              Assurance
                                        are currently under development, to
 – Independent assurance of first       support our ESG-related commitments
   line of defence and second line      and targets, with the aspiration of
   of defence                           meeting stakeholder expectations.
 – Independent thematic reviews and     We are also building our risk
   risk and controls assessment         management controls to cater for the
                                        diverse needs of a range of stakeholders
                                        groups, geographical territories and
                                        compliance requirements to identify the
                                        most effective data, policy, process and
                                        reporting approach for the future.




                                                                                        M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 67
Risk management continued

Principal risks and uncertainties
 1 Business environment and market forces

                                                                                                                 Strategic   Change from
 Principal risk                                 Management and mitigation          Outlook                        pillars      last year

Changing customer preferences                   We conduct an annual strategic     We believe competition           2
and economic and political                      planning process, which is         will intensify in response
conditions could adversely                      subject to oversight by the Risk   to consumer demand,              3
impact our ability to deliver our               and Resilience function and        technological advances,
strategy and have implications                  the Board, and results in an       the need for economies of        4
for the profitability of our                    approved strategy. The process     scale, regulatory actions
business model.                                 considers the potential            and new market entrants.         5
                                                impact of the wider business
The markets in which we operate                                                    We have launched a               6
                                                environment and, throughout
are highly competitive while                                                       number of new products
                                                the year, we monitor and report
customer needs and expectations                                                    and the acquisition of
                                                on the delivery of the plan.
are changing rapidly.                                                              Ascentric broadens
Economic factors, including those               We continue to diversify our       our coverage of the
resulting from Brexit and the                   savings and investments            Independent Financial
COVID-19 pandemic, may impact                   business to respond to             Advisor market and
the demand for our products                     developing customer needs in       accelerates our move
and our ability to generate an                  terms of products, distribution    into high value wealth
appropriate return. In addition,                and servicing. We are also         management. Work is
increased geopolitical risks and                implementing a significant         ongoing to develop new
policy uncertainty may impact                   digital transformation             propositions and expand
our products, investments and                   programme to deliver a             our institutional and
operating model.                                more diversified distribution      international businesses.
                                                strategy. We have expanded
Our key savings proposition,                                                       We continue to focus on
                                                our operations in Europe to
PruFund, accounts for a high                                                       minimising the impact of
                                                ensure that we can continue to
proportion of our total sales                                                      COVID-19 pandemic on
                                                grow and service our European
and we are also heavily reliant                                                    the service we provide to
                                                customer base following
on the intermediated channel                                                       our customers.
                                                the UK’s departure from the
for sales of savings solutions.
                                                European Union.                    We had prepared for
This heightens our exposure to
                                                                                   a “no-deal” Brexit to
changing economic conditions
                                                                                   manage the risk that the
and customer preferences.
                                                                                   process and outcomes
Our success depends upon                                                           compromised our business
our capacity to anticipate and                                                     model and strategy. In the
respond appropriately to such                                                      run-up to, and immediately
external influences.                                                               after 31 December
                                                                                   2020, potential impacts
                                                                                   were monitored with no
                                                                                   material issues identified.
                                                                                   Monitoring will continue
                                                                                   in 2021 noting that there
                                                                                   are residual risks in
                                                                                   respect of temporary
                                                                                   equivalence arrangements
                                                                                   and that discussions
                                                                                   continue between the UK
                                                                                   and EU with regards to
                                                                                   financial services.




Our strategic pillars
                     1. One M&G
     6       2
                     2. Revitalise UK
     7   1           3. Expand Institutional
 5               3
                     4. Grow Europe
         4
                     5. Build International
                     6. Protect Heritage
                     7. Active Capital Management
                        and Operational Efficiency

68 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 2 Sustainability

                                                                                                             Strategic   Change from




                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
 Principal risk                        Management and mitigation           Outlook                            pillars      last year

Our stakeholders increasingly          Sustainability risks, along with    We have made specific                1
expect that we meet the                other risk types, are identified,   firm-wide public
needs of the present without           assessed and managed under          commitments in respect               2
compromising the ability of future     the M&G plc Risk Management         of Sustainability issues
generations to meet their own          Framework and specific              and we continue to                   3
needs. In addition we recognise        emphasis on the management          address and embed
that sustainability, including         of this risk will be outlined       sustainability within                4         New Risk
issues concerning the climate,         within the M&G plc ESG Risk         our products, business
                                                                                                                5
diversity and inclusion, corporate     Management Framework, which         and operating model.
governance and biodiversity, is        is currently under development.     As 2020 demonstrated,


                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                                                6
crucial to our success and that of                                         responding effectively to
                                       Consideration of ESG Risk
the companies in which we invest.                                          climate-related incidents
                                       is built into the decision-
                                                                           such as flooding, world
A failure to address and embed         making processes and a
                                                                           health issues such as
sustainability within our              requirement of key strategic
                                                                           the COVID-19 pandemic
products, business and operating       board risk assessment papers.
                                                                           and the increase in
model could adversely impact our       Climate change risk is being
                                                                           public activism and
profitability, reputation and plans    integrated into our scenario
                                                                           demonstrations on
for growth.                            analysis process with both
                                                                           issues such as equality,
                                       top down and bottom up




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
                                                                           requires that we meet
                                       consideration over a range
                                                                           the expectations
                                       of time horizons.
                                                                           of a wide range of
                                                                           stakeholder groups.


 3 Investment performance and risk

                                                                                                             Strategic   Change from
 Principal risk                        Management and mitigation           Outlook                            pillars      last year

The investment objectives and          Our fund managers are               Fund liquidity will remain           2
risk profiles of our funds and         accountable for the                 a key theme as regulatory



                                                                                                                                         Other information
segregated mandates are agreed         performance of the funds they       and market developments              3
with our customers and clients.        manage and the management           impact funds’ investments
A failure to deliver against these     of the risks to the funds.          in unquoted and hard-to-             4
objectives (including sustained                                            trade assets.
                                       An independent Investment                                                5
underperformance of funds),
                                       Risk and Performance team           The impact of the
to maintain risk profiles that are
                                       monitors and oversees fund          COVID-19 pandemic may                6
consistent with our customers
                                       performance, liquidity and risks,   continue to cause sharp
and clients expectations, or to
                                       reporting to the Chief Risk and     movements in market                  7
ensure that fund liquidity profiles
                                       Resilience Officer.                 values, interest rates,
are appropriate for expected
                                                                           dividend levels, rental
redemptions may all lead to poor       Such activities feed into
                                                                           income and defaults, all
customer outcomes and result           established oversight and
                                                                           of which could adversely
in fund outflows. If these risks       escalation forums to identify,
                                                                           impact investment
materialise for our larger funds or    measure and oversee
                                                                           performance and fund
a range of funds, our profitability,   investment performance,
                                                                           flows. While market
reputation and plans for growth        investment risk and fund
                                                                           volatility persists and
may be impacted.                       liquidity risks.
                                                                           customer confidence
                                                                           remains low, there is a risk
                                                                           of further deterioration of
                                                                           fund flows.
                                                                           Ensuring that our
                                                                           customers understand
                                                                           the risks to which they are
                                                                           exposed, including liquidity
                                                                           risk, and delivering strong
                                                                           fund performance will be
                                                                           key to our success.


                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 69
Risk management continued




 4 Credit

                                                                                                                  Strategic   Change from
 Principal risk                                 Management and mitigation          Outlook                         pillars      last year

We are exposed to the risk                      Our Credit Risk Framework sets     Our credit risk exposure          2
that a party to a financial                     standards for the assessment,      is expected to reduce
instrument, banking transaction                 measurement and management         over time as our annuity          4
or reinsurance contract causes                  of credit risk, which are          business runs off. In the
a financial loss to us by failing to            monitored by a dedicated,          near term, there is a risk        6
discharge an obligation. In the                 independent team. We set           of a material deterioration
case of invested assets this                    and regularly review limits        in credit conditions as a         7
relates to the risk of an issuer                for individual counterparties,     result of the market effects
being unable to meet their                      issuers and ratings, and monitor   of the COVID-19 pandemic.
obligations, while for trading or               exposures against these limits.    Through our annuity
banking activities this relates to              Our policy is to undertake         portfolios in particular,
the risk that the counterparty                  transactions with counterparties   we are exposed to excess
to any contract the business                    and invest in instruments of       downgrades and defaults,
enters into is unable to meet their             high quality. We have collateral   and to credit spread
obligations. Our solvency is also               arrangements in place for          widening. However, trading
exposed to changes in the value                 derivative, secured lending,       over the last decade
of invested credit assets arising               reverse repurchase and             has led to a significant
from credit spread widening and/                reinsurance transactions.          increase in the proportion
or credit rating downgrades.                                                       of secured assets and a
                                                                                   defensive and diversified
                                                                                   credit portfolio.


 5 Market

                                                                                                                  Strategic   Change from
 Principal risk                                 Management and mitigation          Outlook                         pillars      last year

Our profitability and solvency are              Market risk appetite is set and    Our market risk exposure          2
sensitive to market fluctuations.               monitored to limit our exposure    is expected to increase as
Significant changes in the level                to key market risks, and we have   the growth of the PruFund         4
or volatility of prices in equity,              prescribed limits on the seed      business outweighs the
property or bond markets could                  capital provided for new funds.    reduction in market risk          5
have material adverse effects                   Our established approach to        that occurs from the run-
on our revenues and returns                     managing market risk was           off of the Heritage book.         6
from our savings and investment                 successfully utilised and          Additionally, there is the
                                                                                                                     7
management businesses, while                    adapted to monitor and respond     potential for further market
exchange rate movements could                   to the impact of the COVID-19      volatility as the COVID-19
impact fee and investment                       pandemic on markets, funds         pandemic continues to
income denominated in foreign                   and operations.                    impact markets. However,
currencies. Furthermore, material                                                  the risks are actively
                                                Where appropriate, and subject
falls in interest rates may increase                                               managed and monitored.
                                                to risk limits and procedures,
the amount that we need to set                                                     As such, we do not expect
                                                we use derivatives for risk
aside in order to be able to meet                                                  our market risk exposure,
                                                reduction, for example, to hedge
our future obligations.                                                            net of risk reduction
                                                equities, interest rates and
                                                                                   activity, to be materially
                                                currency risks, and we carry out
                                                                                   impacted in the short-term.
                                                regular reviews of hedging and
                                                investment strategies, including
                                                asset-liability matching,
                                                informed by stress testing.


Our strategic pillars
                     1. One M&G
     6       2
                     2. Revitalise UK
     7   1           3. Expand Institutional
 5               3
                     4. Grow Europe
         4
                     5. Build International
                     6. Protect Heritage
                     7. Active Capital Management
                        and Operational Efficiency

70 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 6 Corporate liquidity

                                                                                                          Strategic   Change from




                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
 Principal risk                     Management and mitigation           Outlook                            pillars      last year

We must carefully manage the        Risk appetite is set such that      We expect the nature of              2
risk that we have insufficient      we maintain adequate liquid         our exposure to liquidity
cash resources to meet our          resources and our liquidity         risk, and our approach               4
obligations to policyholders        position is regularly monitored     to managing the risk,
and creditors as they fall due.     and stressed. We have detailed      will remain materially               5
This includes ensuring each part    liquidity contingency funding       unchanged in the
of our business and M&G plc as      plans in place to manage a          short-term.                          6
a whole has sufficient resources    liquidity crisis.
to cover outgoing cash flows,
                                    Liquidity, cash and collateral
under a range of severe but


                                                                                                                                      Governance
                                    is managed for the Group by
plausible scenarios.
                                    Prudential Capital, which holds
                                    liquid, high grade assets and has
                                    access to external funding.


 7 Longevity

                                                                                                          Strategic   Change from
 Principal risk                     Management and mitigation           Outlook                            pillars      last year




                                                                                                                                      Financial information
We make assumptions                 We conduct annual reviews           The pace of longevity                6
regarding the life expectancy       of longevity assumptions,           improvements among the
(longevity) of our customers        supported by detailed               annuitant population has             7
when determining the amount         assessments of actual mortality     slowed in recent years.
that should be set aside to pay     experience and have a team          Additionally, our existing
future benefits and expenses.       of specialists undertaking          business will continue
Unexpected changes in the life      longevity research.                 to run-off, reducing our
expectancy of our customers                                             longevity exposure over
                                    We perform regular stress and
could have a material adverse                                           the longer-term.
                                    scenario testing to understand
impact on both profitability and
                                    the size of the longevity           An increase in mortality
solvency. This risk mainly arises
                                    risk exposure.                      rates may be expected



                                                                                                                                      Other information
from our large annuity book and,
                                                                        to some extent over the
although we no longer write new     We have undertaken longevity
                                                                        short-term due to the
annuity business in the open        risk transfer transactions,
                                                                        COVID-19 pandemic,
market, the size of the back-book   where attractive financial terms
                                                                        particularly in relation to
remains significant.                are available from suitable
                                                                        the annuitant population
                                    market participants.
                                                                        which has a higher average
                                                                        age than the non-annuitant
                                                                        population. However, the
                                                                        longer-term implications
                                                                        for mortality rates amongst
                                                                        the annuitant population
                                                                        are not yet clear, increasing
                                                                        uncertainty in relation to
                                                                        our assumptions.




                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 71
Risk management continued




 8 Operational

                                                                                                                   Strategic   Change from
 Principal risk                                 Management and mitigation            Outlook                        pillars      last year

A material failure in the                       Our Operational Risk                 A rapid scaling up               1
processes and controls                          Framework defines our                in remote working
supporting our activities, that                 approach to the identification,      capacity and capability          2
of our third-party suppliers or                 assessment, management and           has placed significantly
of our technology could result                  reporting of operational risks       greater reliance on              3
in poor customer outcomes,                      and associated controls across       virtual environments and
reputational damage, increased                  the business including IT, data      introduced changes in            4
costs and regulatory censure.                   and outsourcing arrangements.        working practices. This has
                                                                                                                      5
We have a high dependency                                                            heightened operational
                                                The benefits of our investment
on technology and the loss                                                           risk in the following key
                                                in operational resilience were                                        6
or sustained unavailability of                                                       areas: IT connectivity;
                                                demonstrated by our ability
key hardware or software,                                                            data security and privacy;       7
                                                to maintain effective business
inadequate information security                                                      cyber crime; fraud; and
                                                operations during the disruption
arrangements and ineffective use                                                     processing failure due to
                                                caused by the COVID-19
of digital solutions could impact                                                    changes to controls.
                                                pandemic. We continue to
our ability to operate effectively.
                                                progress our programme of            Regulatory scrutiny of, and
Additionally, serious failings in
                                                work to enhance the firm’s           reputational damage from,
the delivery and/or persistent
                                                resilience to material operational   issues arising from the
under performance of third-party
                                                incidents or business disruption.    processing of customer
supplier arrangements could
                                                                                     data, and the security
impact the delivery of services                 We maintain, test and upgrade
                                                                                     and resilience of our
to our customers.                               our IT environment, processes
                                                                                     technology and processes
                                                and controls to maintain IT
                                                                                     will remain high.
                                                performance and resilience
                                                and prevent, detect and              Like many of our peers, our
                                                recover from security incidents,     increasing dependency
                                                including cyber attacks.             on third parties for
                                                                                     critical activities such as
                                                We are continuing our
                                                                                     customer engagement,
                                                programme of work to
                                                                                     investment management,
                                                enhance our oversight and risk
                                                                                     fund administration
                                                management of third parties
                                                                                     and technology will
                                                across the Group, including
                                                                                     increase the importance
                                                our approach to selection,
                                                                                     of managing third-party
                                                contracting and on-boarding,
                                                                                     risks, including having
                                                management and monitoring,
                                                                                     contingency planning in
                                                and termination and exiting.
                                                                                     case of outage or failure.




Our strategic pillars
                     1. One M&G
     6       2
                     2. Revitalise UK
     7   1           3. Expand Institutional
 5               3
                     4. Grow Europe
         4
                     5. Build International
                     6. Protect Heritage
                     7. Active Capital Management
                        and Operational Efficiency

72 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 9 Change

                                                                                                          Strategic   Change from




                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
 Principal risk                     Management and mitigation           Outlook                            pillars      last year

We have a number of significant     Project governance is in place      In response to the                   1
change and transformation           (including oversight) with          COVID-19 pandemic, we
programmes underway to              reporting and escalation of risks   have reviewed and, where             2
deliver our strategy for growth,    to management and the Board.        appropriate, reprioritised
key financial and non-financial                                         our change activity.                 3
                                    Our Strategic Investment Board
benefits (including cost                                                We remain committed
                                    is responsible for prioritisation                                        4
savings, improved customer                                              to our extensive change
                                    decisions, ensuring that the
experiences, greater resilience                                         programme which
                                    activities that maximise our                                             5
and strengthening our control                                           underpins our strategy for
                                    ability to achieve the business
environment) and regulatory                                             growth, meet appropriate


                                                                                                                                      Governance
                                    plan, key regulatory items and                                           6
change. Failure to deliver these                                        cost base targets, deliver
                                    growth activity are delivered
programmes within timelines,                                            a number of key non-                 7
                                    and funded appropriately.
scope and cost may impact our                                           financial benefits (including
business model and ability to       We employ a suite of metrics        improved customer
deliver against our business plan   to monitor and report on the        experiences and outcomes
and strategy.                       delivery, costs and benefits        and strengthened
                                    of our transformation               resilience), and meet
                                    programmes. We conduct              regulatory requirements.
                                    regular deep-dive assessments       Our exposure to change




                                                                                                                                      Financial information
                                    of transformation programmes,       risk will therefore
                                    individually and collectively.      remain material.
                                                                        The uncertainty of the
                                                                        impact that the COVID-19
                                                                        pandemic will have on
                                                                        our future business and
                                                                        operating environment
                                                                        requires us to continually
                                                                        monitor and assess
                                                                        the risks related to our
                                                                        change activity.




                                                                                                                                      Other information




                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 73
Risk management continued




 10 People

                                                                                                                    Strategic   Change from
 Principal risk                                 Management and mitigation            Outlook                         pillars      last year

The success of our operations is                Our HR Framework includes            Competition for top talent        1
highly dependent on our ability                 policies for Diversity and           is expected to remain
to attract, retain and develop                  Inclusion, Employee Relations,       intense. We continue to           2
highly qualified professional                   Talent and Resourcing,               increase our investment in
people with the right mix of skills             Remuneration, and Performance        leadership and manager            3
and behaviours to support our                   and Learning. The framework          development in order to
business strategy and culture.                  is designed to align staff           be successful and drive           4
                                                objectives and remuneration          the right culture, behaviour
As a large and listed public                                                                                           5
                                                to our business strategy             and norms in today’s fast
company, and as we continue
                                                and culture.                         changing world.
to implement our change                                                                                                6
programme, our people risk and                  Our management and Board             The COVID-19 pandemic
                                                                                                                       7
associated reputational impact                  receive regular reporting            led to a rapid scaling up in
is heightened in a number of                    on people issues and                 remote working capacity
areas including our pay practices,              developments, for example,           and capability which
staff workloads and morale, the                 the succession plans for critical    has placed significantly
conduct of individuals or groups                talent, the management of            greater reliance on
of individuals and industrial                   industrial relations, pay, culture   virtual environments and
relations (our own and that of                  and diversity.                       introduced changes in
key third-party providers).                                                          working practices. This has
                                                We conduct regular surveys to
                                                                                     heightened risks in areas
                                                better understand colleagues’
                                                                                     including staff morale
                                                views on our business and
                                                                                     and well-being. These,
                                                culture, the findings of which
                                                                                     and other risks, are being
                                                drive actions to improve the
                                                                                     monitored and managed
                                                experience of our staff. The Risk
                                                                                     through our bespoke
                                                and Resilience team has begun
                                                                                     incident management
                                                monitoring and reporting
                                                                                     procedures and we have
                                                as a series of indicators of
                                                                                     put the safety and well-
                                                behavioural risk.
                                                                                     being of our staff at the
                                                                                     forefront of our response
                                                                                     to the pandemic.




Our strategic pillars
                     1. One M&G
     6       2
                     2. Revitalise UK
     7   1           3. Expand Institutional
 5               3
                     4. Grow Europe
         4
                     5. Build International
                     6. Protect Heritage
                     7. Active Capital Management
                        and Operational Efficiency

74 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 11 Regulatory compliance

                                                                                                             Strategic   Change from




                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
 Principal risk                        Management and mitigation            Outlook                           pillars      last year

We operate in highly regulated         Accountability for compliance        While we have made                  1
markets and interact with a            with regulatory and legal            significant progress in
number of regulators across            requirements sits with               addressing historical               2
the globe, in an environment           our senior management.               regulatory issues, the
where the nature and focus             Our dedicated Compliance             legacy book will remain             3
of regulation and laws remain          function supports our                an area of considerable
fluid. There are currently a           businesses by coordinating           management and                      4
large number of national and           regulatory activities, including     regulatory focus.
                                                                                                                5
international regulatory initiatives   interactions with our regulators,
                                                                            As we continue to expand
in progress, with a continuing         recognising the obligation of


                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                            our international presence,         6
focus on solvency and capital          our regulated subsidiaries to
                                                                            our engagement and
standards, financial crime,            meet their distinct regulatory
                                                                            compliance with regulatory
conduct of business and systemic       requirements and to take
                                                                            regimes beyond the UK
risks. The consequences of non-        decisions independently in the
                                                                            will become more material.
compliance can be wide ranging         interests of their customers.
                                                                            For example our expansion
and include customer detriment,
                                       The function provides guidance       in the US means that the
reputational damage, fines
                                       to, and oversight of, the            US sanctions regime is
and restrictions on operations
                                       business in relation to regulatory   becoming more significant
or products.
                                       compliance, financial crime and      for us.




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
                                       conflicts of interest, and carries
                                                                            Monitoring of the impact
                                       out routine monitoring and
                                                                            of Brexit will continue in
                                       deep-dive activities to assess
                                                                            2021, noting that there
                                       compliance with regulations
                                                                            are residual risks in
                                       and legislation.
                                                                            respect of temporary
                                       National and global regulatory       equivalence arrangements
                                       developments are monitored           and that discussions
                                       and form part of our                 continue between the UK
                                       engagement with government           and EU with regards to
                                       policy teams and regulators,         financial services.
                                       which includes updates on our



                                                                                                                                         Other information
                                       responses to the changes.


 12 Reputational

                                                                                                             Strategic   Change from
 Principal risk                        Management and mitigation            Outlook                           pillars      last year

Our reputation is the sum of our       Our Reputational Risk                The COVID-19 pandemic               1
stakeholders’ perceptions, which       Management Framework and             and the ongoing socio-
are shaped by the nature of their      dedicated Reputational Risk          political climate, together         2
expectations and our ability           team monitor and report on           with an increase in
to meet them. Consequently,            reputational risks utilising a       activities being undertaken         3
there is a risk that through           suite of metrics to monitor          by the business means
our activities, behaviours or          stakeholder groups.                  that we could face an               4
communications, we fail to meet                                             increasing range and
                                       We have embedded                                                         5
stakeholder expectations in ways                                            severity of reputational
                                       reputational risk champions
which adversely impact trust and                                            events. A number of
                                       within our business and they                                             6
reputation. Failure to effectively                                          factors mean that such
                                       perform an active role in
manage reputational risk could                                              pressures will increase,
                                       identifying and monitoring key
therefore have an adverse impact                                            including the greater
                                       reputational risks and drivers.
on our revenues and cost base,                                              focus of customers,
                                       Champions also support
our ability to attract and retain                                           regulators and investors
                                       our businesses in creating
the best staff and could also                                               on ESG issues and the
                                       processes that include full
result in regulatory intervention                                           fact that social media
                                       consideration of reputational
or action.                                                                  provides the means for
                                       risks in key decisions.
                                                                            opinions to be stated and
                                                                            shared instantaneously.



                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 75
Risk management continued




Emerging risks                                  Risk                              Description
Emerging risks are newly developing
or evolving risks which are potentially        Social cohesion                    The widening gulf between empowered and
significant but are generally                                                     disenfranchised groups in society, growing
characterised by a high degree of                                                 cultural divisions and wealth inequality
uncertainty and are therefore difficult                                           may lead to a lack of societal cohesion and
to quantify. We undertake an annual                                               increased activism.
assessment to identify the Group’s
emerging risks and assess which will be        Monetary and trade policies        Increasing trade tensions and conflicts
subject to management and monitoring.                                             between the world’s major trading blocs could
The assessment brings together input                                              lead to increased trade barriers, regulatory
from subject matter experts across                                                fragmentation and the reversal of globalisation.
the first and second lines of defence                                             The low interest rate environment that has
and incorporates a range of inputs                                                prevailed in many advanced economies since
including internal risk and control self-                                         the financial crisis also poses a variety of risks.
assessments and external perspectives.
                                               Longer-term impact of the          The longer-term economic, political and social
We carry out a light touch review of the
                                               COVID-19 pandemic                  implications of the current COVID-19 pandemic
development of emerging risks during
                                                                                  are highly uncertain. Additionally, the impact on
the year to update the assessment
                                                                                  productivity, innovation and health and safety
of emerging risks, key indicators and
                                                                                  due to new ways of working is uncertain.
the progress of actions, incorporating
any material developments since the
                                               Artificial intelligence and        The progress in artificial intelligence and
annual assessment.
                                               digital disruption                 cognitive computing may result in unforeseen
                                                                                  risks or unpredictable outcomes. Keeping pace
                                                                                  and managing obsolescence in the face of
                                                                                  rapid change creates strategic, financial and
                                                                                  operational risks for firms.




Basis of preparation
The Strategic Report presented in our          The risk management Section of the           Our Board believes that the APMs
Annual Report and Accounts for the             Strategic Report describes the principal     identified within the Strategic Report are
year ended 31 December 2020 has                risks and uncertainties on pages 68-75.      useful for management and investors
been prepared in accordance with the                                                        in assessing the performance of the
                                               In preparing this Strategic Report we
Companies Act 2006 and the Disclosure                                                       business during the year, in conjunction
                                               have considered the Guidance on
and Transparency Rules (DTR) issued                                                         with the relevant IFRS results included
                                               the Strategic Report as issued by the
by the FCA. In accordance with Section                                                      within the Group’s consolidated
                                               Financial Reporting Council in July 2018.
414C of the Companies Act 2006,                                                             financial statements.
DTR 4.1.8 and DTR 4.1.9, the Group is          In addition the Board has also               John Foley
required to provide a fair, balanced and       considered the guidelines with respect       Chief Executive Officer
understandable review of the business,         to alternative performance measures          8 March 2021
including key performance indicators to        (‘APMs’) as issued by the European
the extent necessary, and a description        Securities and Markets Authority
of the principal risks and uncertainties       (ESMA) in October 2015.
facing the Group.




76 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                                                                                   Strategic Report




                                                                                                   Governance

Governance
    78 Interim Chair’s introduction to governance
            79 How we comply with the
            Corporate Governance Code




                                                                                                   Financial information
             80 Governance at a glance
                82 Board of Directors
    84 Our stakeholders (Section 172 Statement)
                 90 Board activities
92 Division of responsibilities and Boardroom practice
       96 Board effectiveness and evaluation
          98 Nomination Committee Report
            100 Audit Committee Report




                                                                                                   Other information
             107 Risk Committee Report
        109 Directors’ Remuneration Report
         118 Annual Report on Remuneration
         138 Directors Remuneration Policy
                146 Directors’ Report
     150 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
              and Financial information




                                                    M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 77
Interim Chair’s introduction to governance

Governance to support our business
2020 was the year of the unexpected and the                                               Looking forward
unprecedented. I’m pleased that over this period                                          One of the most important things we can
                                                                                          do as a Board is reflect on our performance
the Board and our governance structures have                                              and always be thinking about how we
supported the resilient performance of our business                                       can improve and enhance what we do
                                                                                          to be truly effective and entrepreneurial.
                                                                                          Our evaluation process at the end of 2020
                                                                                          was rigorous and we have given you a
As the Interim Chair I have presented a        Enhancing our strength                     real flavour in this report of the points it
summary of the most important areas                                                       raised. It is one of my tasks as Interim Chair
                                               as a Board
of this Governance Report. I hope the                                                     to make sure we act on the results of the
                                               In April 2020, we were delighted to        evaluation and make the most of what it
Report brings to life the way in which
                                               welcome Massimo Tosato to our Board.       can teach us.
Mike as Chair and the Board as a whole
                                               We considered the skills that we needed
operated day-to-day in 2020.
                                               to add to our collective expertise and     AGM
Culture                                        agreed that Massimo was an excellent       On the Board’s behalf, I’d like to thank
With limited time on any Board agenda,         fit to provide international asset         all our shareholders who voted via proxy
part of the Chair’s role is to prioritise.     management experience. Massimo has         and who put forward questions to our first
We decided to put culture at the top           also taken on the Chair of M&G Group       AGM in 2020. We were pleased to have
of our agenda in 2020, as our first full       Limited, one of our major subsidiaries,    your voting support in such high levels
year as a listed company. We wanted            and this has forged a valuable             and to hear your views, although it was
to set out, right from the start, the kind     governance link between parent             disappointing not to hold the meeting
of business we want to be and how              and subsidiary.                            face-to-face. We look forward to being
we want our colleagues to treat each           In October 2020, I joined the Board in     able to engage more fully in the future.
other and our customers and clients.           the role of Senior Independent Director    Finally, I’d like to thank Robin Lawther
The Board has overseen all aspects of          (SID), which provides both support for     for her service at M&G plc, as she steps
culture development: approving the             the Chair and a communication channel      down from the Board on 15 March 2021.
firm’s first Code of Conduct; developing       for shareholders as needed. The Board      Robin has been instrumental in building
a culture dashboard to measure and             was looking for knowledge of financial     strong incentive designs with a focus
assess our behaviours; embedding               services and listed company experience     on regulatory requirements, ensuring
culture in our incentive design; and           for this role.                             alignment between risk and remuneration
setting a Board culture that can be
                                               Mike also oversaw development of the       and delivering our first Directors’
replicated proudly across the business.
                                               skills of our Non-Executives. I thank      Remuneration Policy with very strong
As it turned out, 2020 was a year in
                                               Clare Thompson for acting as SID           shareholder support in May 2020. I wish
which we relied more than ever on
                                               between May and October and taking         Robin all the best for the future and we
our culture of care and integrity, given
                                               on the duties again in 2021 to support     look forward to welcoming Clare Chapman
the challenging working environment
                                               me as Interim Chair. I also thank Robin    to the Board very shortly as our new
caused by COVID-19. Our shared
                                               Lawther for adding her experience to the   Remuneration Committee Chair.
behaviours and values have kept us
working well together.                         Audit Committee from May 2020 and to       Fiona Clutterbuck
                                               Clive Adamson and Clare who joined the     Interim Chair
                                               Nomination Committee at this time.




   2020 was a year in which we relied
more than ever on our culture of care and
 integrity, given the challenging working
    environment caused by COVID-19.
    Our shared behaviours and values
   have kept us working well together.”
                                     Fiona Clutterbuck
                                        Interim Chair




78 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
How we comply with the Corporate Governance Code




During 2020, the Board has                                                        The table below sets out examples of how the Board has done
                                                                                  this for each Principle, enabling our shareholders to evaluate
complied with the 2018 UK                                                         our Code compliance for themselves.
Corporate Governance Code

                                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
                                                                                  We have not attempted to include all details in this table, but
and applied its Principles                                                        focused on the key actions that demonstrate our adherence
                                                                                  to the Code and we’ve signposted different parts of the
and Provisions                                                                    Governance Report where you can find more information.

    Code Principle                                                                                                  Read More
    Board Leadership and Company Purpose
A The Board has been found to have operated effectively over 2020. Focus on the long-term success of the                 Board effectiveness
  company has been a theme of decision-making around a number of key decisions, including the Group’s                    Page 96
  Business Plan, our culture journey and the acquisition of Ascentric.
B The Company purpose and values have been strongly reinforced in 2020 by the Board’s approval of our                    Decision-making
  Code of Conduct and its oversight of the Group’s culture journey. The Board has monitored strategy to                  Page 84


                                                                                                                                                             Governance
  ensure alignment with its culture.
C The Board has measured performance carefully through dedicated presentations from all key parts of the                 Control environment
  business and regular management information. Through the Audit Committee, the Board has tested and                     Page 100-106
  challenged the Group’s controls and is satisfied with their robustness.
D This year, stakeholder engagement has covered a range of topics, with focus on customers and clients as                Stakeholder engagement
  the Group has strived to help people look after their money through the pandemic and on employees, given               Page 84-89
  the home-working challenges presented by COVID-19 and the Board’s focus on the Group’s culture.
E The processes for approving our Code of Conduct and the annual review of policies gave the Board the
  opportunity to ensure that these were consistent with the Group’s values. We were pleased that our
  Employee Opinion Survey in 2020 showed that our workforce feels comfortable in speaking out and we
  have embedded this important principle within our Code of Conduct.




                                                                                                                                                             Financial information
    Division of Responsibilities
F Mike Evans, as Chair throughout 2020, has led the Board effectively and the Board has focused on                       Chair and
  developing its working practices, the relationships between Non-Executive and Executive Directors                      Board effectiveness
  and how the Board tests and appraises its own performance on an ongoing basis.                                         Page 96
G The Board has maintained the required composition throughout the year and when vacancies arose,
  Non-Executives were flexible in their roles. In 2020 Clare Thompson took on the SID role on an interim basis
  and Robin Lawther joined the Audit Committee. In early 2021, Fiona Clutterbuck took on the role of Interim
  Chair and Clare Thompson has again taken on SID duties.
H All Non-Executive Directors have committed appropriate time to their roles and made themselves available
  for additional meetings required due to COVID-19 impacts.
I     The Company Secretary has been effective throughout the year and has enhanced Board paper preparation
      and reporting processes.




                                                                                                                                                             Other information
    Composition, Succession and Evaluation
J     The appointments of Massimo Tosato and Fiona Clutterbuck appropriately addressed gaps in the Board’s               Board appointment process
      skills map and composition, and were transparent selections, with weight given to gender, ethnicity and            Page 98
      diversity of thought, as well as skills and experience.
K The Nomination Committee considered and refreshed Committee membership in May 2020 and at the point                    Committee membership
  when new Directors Massimo Tosato and Fiona Clutterbuck joined the Board. The Board members have all                   and Board skills
  served for three years or less.                                                                                        Page 82-83
L     The evaluation of the Board was externally facilitated this year by Lintstock and the Board was found to be        Board effectiveness
      operating effectively.                                                                                             Page 96

    Audit, risk and internal control
M The Audit Committee has led on assessing auditor independence and effectiveness and has reviewed all                   Audit Committee and Risk
  material narrative and financial statements, including full year, half year and Q1 Trading Updates in 2020.            Committee roles and reports
  The Committee has also overseen the audit tender process.                                                              Page 100-108
N The Board is satisfied that a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the firm’s financial position
  is presented.
O The Risk Committee has assessed Principal Risks, including COVID-19 specific ones throughout 2020,
  and set and monitored risk appetite. The Audit Committee has overseen the Integrated Control Framework,
  which was newly introduced in 2020.

    Remuneration
P Remuneration design evolved during 2020 to take into account the culture that the Group wants to promote               Remuneration Committee role
  and the risk limits to which colleagues must adhere. Executive remuneration is linked to the successful                and report
  delivery of the Group’s strategy.                                                                                      Page 109-117
Q The Remuneration Committee has led a formal and independent process to measure and challenge
  executive remuneration. None of the Executive or Non-Executive Directors have taken any role in setting
  their own remuneration.
R Remuneration outcomes for Executive Directors are ultimately determined by the Remuneration
  Committee, applying independent judgement and ensuring the wider context of business success,
  culture and risk appetite are taken into account alongside any applicable regulations.



                                                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 79
Governance at a glance

A balanced Board, a balanced agenda
These pages tell you more about the composition
of the Board and its members, the meetings we have
held over 2020 and how we have spent our time



Board diversity                                                              Group Executive Committee (GEC) diversity
                                        Male: 4                    50%                                  Male: 7i                             78%
                                        Female: 4                  50%                                  Female: 2                            22%
                                                                                                      i	Male (8) : Female (2) as of 4 January
                                                                                                         2021 following the appointment of
                                                                                                         Peter Grewal as M&G plc’s Chief Risk
                                                                                                         and Resilience Officer.




Senior managers: direct reports of GEC diversity                             Board nationality and ethnicity
                                        Male: 38                   69%                                  British: 6                           75%
                                        Female: 17                  31%                                 British/American: 1                12.5%
                                                                                                        Italian: 1                         12.5%




     For more information on the Group’s Diversity policy and goals
     Page 61




 How the Board spent its time
 The Board seeks to balance its agendas in order to ensure it covers all its statutory and regulatory duties as well as allowing
 time for strategic and governance matters.
 This section shows how the agenda is weighted between regular items and specific focus areas for the Board in 2020.
 The typical Board agenda allows time for:
 – General matters – minutes, matters arising and reports from the Chairs of each committee on its activities;
 – Business updates – regular performance and financial reporting. The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer will both
   typically report in this section, with a rolling programme of reporting from the Chief Investment Officer, Chief Customer and
   Distribution Officer and Chief Operating Officer;
 – Strategy – which covers projects and transactions, as well as approvals which the Board is requested to give under the
   Group’s delegated authority framework, such as the Business plan and dividend, and updates on Strategy progress; and
 – Risk, regulatory and governance – regular reporting from the Risk, Regulatory Affairs, Compliance, Legal and Company
   Secretariat functions.

       In addition to the regular reporting above, the key focus areas for
       the Board in 2020 are set out in the table on
       page 96.




80 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report




Board and Committee attendance
                                                                                  Audit          Risk Remuneration        Nomination
                                                                     Board    Committee     Committee   Committee         Committee
Total meetings                                                          18           16              10              6              2
Clive Adamson                                                       18/18         16/16          10/10               –            1/1


                                                                                                                                         Governance
Fiona Clutterbuck                                                     2/2           2/2            2/2            2/2             1/1
Mike Evans                                                           17/18            –               –              –           2/2
Robin Lawther                                                        17/18          7/7          10/10            6/6            2/2
John Foley                                                          18/18             –               –              –             –
Clare Bousfield                                                     18/18             –               –              –             –
Clare Thompson                                                       17/18        16/16          10/10            6/6             1/1
Massimo Tosato                                                      15/15             –               –           3/3
Caroline Silver                                                       6/8           4/7            3/4            2/3            0/1




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
The Board held a number of ad hoc meetings during 2020 given the COVID-19 crisis. As a result, some meetings were called
with less notice than would be usual meaning attendance for Directors was more challenging.
All absences from Board or Committee meetings were a result of serious or unforeseen circumstances outside the
Director’s control. In all cases, Directors unable to attend reviewed documentation and provided comments as appropriate
to the meeting Chair.
Board:
Of the 18 Board meetings held, four were joint with Audit and one was joint with the PAC Board. The Board also held five ad hoc
Committee meetings throughout the year. Massimo Tosato joined the Board and the Remuneration Committee on 1 April 2020.
Caroline Silver stepped down from the Board and all Committees on 27 May 2020. Fiona Clutterbuck joined the Board and all
Committees on 9 October 2020.




                                                                                                                                         Other information
Audit Committee:
Of the 16 meetings held by the Audit Committee, four were joint with the Board and three were joint with the Risk Committee.
Robin Lawther became a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 27 May 2020.
Risk Committee:
Of the 10 meetings held by the Risk Committee, three were joint with Audit.
Nomination Committee:
Two meetings were held. Clive Adamson and Clare Thompson became members of the Nomination Committee with effect
from 27 May 2020.




                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 81
Board of Directors

Experienced leadership
This section shows the skills and experience of each
Director and the specific strengths they contribute
to the Company’s long-term sustainable success




Mike Evans                            John Foley                             Clare Bousfield                        Fiona Clutterbuck
Chair of the Board                    Chief Executive                        Chief Financial Officer                Interim Chair; permanent
N                                     Appointment: 2 July 2018               Appointment: 23 January 2019           Senior Independent Director
Appointment: 1 October 2018           Age: 64                                Age: 52                                R   A   R   N

Age: 59                                                                                                             Appointment: 9 October 2020
                                      Relevant skills and experience         Relevant skills and experience
                                      John Foley was appointed to the        Clare Bousfield joined Prudential      Age: 62
Relevant skills and experience
                                      Board of M&G plc on 2 July 2018,       UK and Europe in November 2016
Mike Evans is a qualified actuary                                                                                   Relevant skills and experience
                                      following his appointment as Chief     as Chief Executive Officer of PAC, a
with over 37 years’ experience in                                                                                   Fiona Clutterbuck was appointed as
                                      Executive of M&G Prudential in         material subsidiary of M&G plc.
savings and investments, including                                                                                  the Senior Independent Director and
                                      August 2017.                           Clare was appointed Chief Financial
11 years on the Board of Hargreaves                                                                                 is currently Interim Chair.
Lansdown plc, eight of which were     Prior to this, John spent 17 years     Officer of M&G plc in August
as Chair.                             within the Prudential plc Group        2018 and joined the Board in           Fiona is chair of Paragon Banking
                                      in a number of senior roles,           January 2019.                          Group PLC and a Non-Executive
Prior to being appointed Chair                                                                                      Director at Sampo plc, the Nordic
                                      including Chief Executive Officer of   Clare brings significant financial
of M&G plc, he was Chair of ZPG                                                                                     financial services group. She was
                                      Prudential Capital and Group Chief     and accounting experience to the
plc until July 2018, and served as                                                                                  previously a Non-Executive Director
                                      Risk Officer, Group Investment         Board from a range of roles across
Senior Independent Director of                                                                                      of Hargreaves Lansdown plc,
                                      Director and, most recently, Chief     the insurance and financial services
Chesnara plc and a Non-Executive                                                                                    until 8 October 2020. Her most
                                      Executive Officer of Prudential UK     industries spanning more than
Director of esure plc and CBRE                                                                                      recent executive role was Head of
                                      & Europe. In January 2016, he re-      25 years.
Global Investors UK. Mike spent                                                                                     Strategy, Corporate Development
                                      joined the Prudential Board, having
20 years at Skandia UK in his early                                          She was previously Chief               and Communications at Pearl/
                                      already served a previous term
career, rising to become Chief                                               Financial Officer at Aegon UK.         Phoenix Group (2008-2018), and she
                                      while Group Chief Risk Officer.
Operating Officer.                                                           Clare also worked as CFO in various    was previously Head of Financial
                                      Prior to joining the Prudential        businesses within Swiss Re.
Other appointments                                                                                                  Institutions Advisory at ABN AMRO
                                      Group, John spent over 20 years at
                                                                             Clare was a Non-Executive Director     Investment Bank and Global Co-
– None                                Hill Samuel & Co, where he worked
                                                                             and Chair of the Audit Committee at    Head of the Financial Institutions
                                      in every division of the bank,
Strengths                                                                    Pacific Life Re from 2018-2020.        Group at HSBC Investment Bank.
                                      culminating in senior roles in risk,
– Chair experience.                  capital markets and treasury for       Other appointments                     Other appointments
– Executive background                the combined TSB and Hill Samuel
                                                                             – Non-Executive Director and           – Paragon Bank plc
  as actuary, COO and                 Bank. John spent three years as
                                      General Manager, global capital          Audit Committee Chair at             – Paragon Banking Group plc
  General Manager.                                                             RSA Insurance Group plc
                                      markets at National Australia Bank.                                           – Sampo plc
– Life insurance, general                                                    – Royal & Sun Alliance
  insurance and wealth/asset          Other appointments                                                            Strengths
                                                                               Insurance plc
  management experience.              – None                                                                        – Background as barrister, banker
                                                                             Strengths                                 and Managing Director.
– Platform-led
                                      Strengths
  technology businesses.                                                     – Significant finance background.     – Significant banking and wealth/
                                      – Management and leadership.           – Non-Executive perspective               asset management experience.
                                      – Deep historical experience of          and experience.                      – Professional services and
                                        the Group.                                                                     technology-led innovation.




Key
Committee Chairs                      Committee Members
R   Risk Committee                    R   Risk Committee
A   Audit Committee                   A   Audit Committee
R   Remuneration Committee            R   Remuneration Committee
N   Nomination Committee              N   Nomination Committee

82 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report




                                                                                                                                                             Governance
Clive Adamson                           Clare Thompson                          Massimo Tosato                         Alan Porter
Independent                             Independent                             Independent                            General Counsel and
Non-Executive Director                  Non-Executive Director                  Non-Executive Director                 Company Secretary
R   A   N                               and Interim SID                         R                                      Appointment: 22 July 2019
Appointment: 22 March 2019              A   R   R   N                           Appointment: 1 April 2020              Age: 57
Age: 64                                 Appointment: 7 May 2019                 Age: 66                                Relevant skills and experience
                                        Age: 66                                                                        Alan Porter was appointed General
Relevant skills and experience                                                  Relevant skills and experience
                                                                                                                       Counsel and Company Secretary in
Clive Adamson has considerable          Relevant skills and experience          Massimo Tosato joined M&G plc
                                                                                                                       July 2019, having held the same




                                                                                                                                                             Financial information
experience of UK and global             Clare Thompson is an experienced        as an Independent Non-Executive
                                                                                                                       role at Prudential plc since
economic, banking and regulatory        Non-Executive Director with             Director and is also Chairman of
                                                                                                                       September 2012. Prior to that, he
matters gained from an extensive        a deep understanding of the             M&G Group Limited. Massimo has
                                                                                                                       was the Group General Counsel
career in banking and financial         insurance sector. With extensive        more than 30 years’ experience as
                                                                                                                       of Tesco plc for four years and
services regulation, including senior   financial services and audit            an investment banking and asset
                                                                                                                       held various senior legal positions
executive and advisory positions        experience, Clare spent 23 years        management entrepreneur and
                                                                                                                       at British American Tobacco plc
with the FCA and its predecessor,       as lead audit partner on major          senior manager.
                                                                                                                       and Farmers Insurance Group.
the Financial Services Authority.       financial services groups at PwC,       Massimo’s career has included          He began his career at Simmons
Clive is a Non-Executive Director on    predominantly in the insurance and      21 years at Schroders, where he        & Simmons. Alan was Chairman
the PAC Board and Chair of the PAC      investment sectors.                     served most recently as Chief          of the GC100 – the association of
Risk Committee.                         Since stepping down from                Executive of Schroder Investment       General Counsels and Company
He is also a Non-Executive Director     her executive career, Clare             Management Limited and Executive       Secretaries of the FTSE 100 – from
of J.P. Morgan Securities plc and       has developed a portfolio of            Vice Chairman of Schroders plc.        January 2018 to January 2020,
Ashmore Group plc and a Senior          Non-Executive directorships: as         He has also held Board positions       and is currently a member of the
                                                                                at Nutmeg, an online discretionary     Takeover Panel. Alan is a solicitor




                                                                                                                                                             Other information
Advisor at McKinsey & Company.          well as a previous Non-Executive
Clive served as a Non-Executive         Director role at Direct Line Group      investment management start-           and also a member of the State Bar
Director and Risk Committee Chair       plc, she currently serves on the        up, Banca Nazionale del Lavoro,        of California.
of CYBG plc from January 2017 to        Board of Bupa Group. Clare holds        and served as Vice President of
November 2019.                          a B.A. in Mathematics from the          the European Fund and Asset
                                        University of York and is a Fellow      Management Association (EFAMA).
Other appointments                      of the Institute of Chartered           Massimo is currently Non-Executive
– J.P. Morgan Securities plc            Accountants in England and Wales.       Director of Banca Intermobiliare
– J.P. Morgan Europe Limited                                                    and serves on the Board of
                                        Other appointments                      Overseers of Columbia Business
– Ashmore Group plc
                                        – Bupa                                  School in New York and, until
– McKinsey & Company                                                            31 March 2020, he was also Non-
  (Senior Advisor)                      Strengths
                                                                                Executive Director of Pictet Asset
Strengths                               – Executive background as               Management in Geneva.
                                          accountant and audit partner.
– Executive background as banker                                                Other appointments
                                        – Significant advisory /
  and regulator.                                                                – Trilantic Europe
                                          professional services work,
– Deep life and with-                     specifically for life insurance and   – Columbia Business School of
  profits experience.                     investment clients.                     Columbia University
– Emerging markets                      – Healthcare.                           – Banca Intermobiliare di
  investment experience.                                                          Investimenti e Gestione Spa
– Professional services.                                                        – Montpelier Investimenti srl
                                                                                Strengths
                                                                                – Deep asset management
                                                                                  experience in executive career.
                                                                                – CEO experience.
                                                                                – Regulatory experience.
                                                                                – International perspective.



Robin Lawther CBE
Robin Lawther served as Remuneration Committee Chair through 2020.
On 19 June 2020, the Company announced Ms Lawther’s intention to step
down from the Board on 15 March 2021. Ms Lawther will not therefore stand
for re-election at the Company’s forthcoming AGM.
                                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 83
Our stakeholders

How we engage with our stakeholders
 Section 172 Statement                                                                      Reporting requirement           Page
                                                                                            Who our key stakeholders are   85-89
 At M&G plc, the Board seeks to consider the interests                                      and how we have engaged with

 of all our stakeholders when reaching decisions                                            them in 2020
                                                                                            How we have taken our             84
 This will involve a detailed assessment of the effect of a decision on relevant            stakeholders interests
 stakeholder groups. Our considerations also include M&G’s impact on the                    into account when making
 environment and our part in tackling climate risk, as well as how our activities           principal decisions
 affect the many communities we serve. We are always mindful of our reputation.             How the Board has considered   90-91
 This section gives you more detail on how we have engaged with and taken                   our stakeholders during 2020
 account of our stakeholders’ interests over the year.

Principal Decisions
Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires a director of a company to act in the way he or she considers, in good faith,
would most likely promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole.
In doing this, section 172 requires a director to have regard, amongst other matters, to the:
– likely consequences of any decisions in the long-term;
– interests of the company’s employees;
– need to foster the company’s business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;
– impact of the company’s operations on the community and environment;
– desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
– need to act fairly as between members of the company.
In discharging section 172 duties, the Board has regard to the factors set out above, as relevant, and also additional factors,
which are specific to the matter under consideration. It is understood that the importance of each factor will vary depending
on the decision being taken.

Board decisions
Set out below are some examples of what stakeholder implications were considered when key decisions have been taken
by the Board.

        Acquisition of Ascentric                   Dividend Payments in 2020                           Code of Conduct

 In September 2020, M&G acquired               In May and September 2020 the                In September 2020, the Board
 the Ascentric platform from                   Board made dividend payments                 approved the Group’s Code of
 Royal London.                                 to shareholders in line with its             Conduct. This was the output of a
                                               Dividend Policy.                             number of dedicated sessions on
 In making a decision on the acquisition,
                                                                                            culture and people.
 the Board considered, among other             The Board held a number of ad hoc
 things, its long-term ambitions for           meetings in April and again in July          The Board considered how the
 growth and how the acquisition                to test at the time of both payments,        interests of colleagues would be met
 would support that ambition. It also          that the firm’s solvency and financial       through the Code and how it could
 thought about how our customer                position remained robust.                    deliver clear messaging around
 and advisor experience could be                                                            values and purpose.
                                               While this is standard practice when
 improved. The Board was mindful of
                                               determining a dividend payment,              The Board also ensured that the Code
 the regulatory requirements involved
                                               extra attention and consideration            contained information to support:
 in acquiring the business and spent
                                               needed to be given due to the
 time considering its governance and                                                        – expected behaviours around
                                               uncertainty and volatility in markets
 its fit within the Group.                                                                    treating clients fairly;
                                               caused by the COVID-19 pandemic
 Finally, the Board considered people          during 2020.                                 – business integrity and behaviours
 and the realities of assimilating a new                                                      we expect for our community and
                                               The Board considers all its                    industry; and
 business into the Group. It was felt
                                               stakeholders when determining
 that Ascentric had a similar culture to                                                    – maintaining a reputation for high
                                               the appropriateness of paying a
 the firm, grounded in meeting advisor                                                        standard of business conduct.
                                               dividend, with wide considerations
 and client needs, and would be the
                                               across social and economic impacts
 right fit.
                                               of COVID-19. In particular, the Board
                                               balanced immediate expectations
                                               around the Dividend Policy and
                                               returns to investors with ensuring the
                                               longer-term needs of the business
                                               were supported.

84 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 Colleagues


                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report




Our colleagues are the most valuable         actions through 2021. The Board also          as the half year results and the 2020          Governance
asset we have and are critical to our        engaged with its material subsidiaries (PAC   agenda for global distribution, providing
success as a business. We have an            and MGG) on culture-related issues that       the opportunity for colleagues to
established approach to the way we           affect their businesses before approving      raise questions. Virtual presentations
engage with colleagues at all levels, from   the new M&G plc Code of Conduct.              by senior management included a
the Board to the Executive Directors         Please see page 84 for further details.       focus on what M&G plc’s culture, and
and senior leaders, which includes both                                                    specifically its purpose, values and
formal and informal meetings.                Annual engagement survey                      behaviours, mean to them. All directors




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
                                             Listening to colleague feedback is            and colleagues have also attended
We have embraced the use of technology
                                             important to us and our annual One Voice      mandatory training workshops
to deliver messages and this was
                                             survey captures feedback and tracks           conducted by external consultants to
particularly effective during the early
                                             engagement across the Group. The One          explore the role we all play in building
days of the pandemic when our Chief
                                             Voice survey is supplemented by a series      an environment that champions and
Executive delivered a weekly vlog to all
                                             of “pulse” engagement surveys which           reinforces the right culture.
colleagues in order to provide updates
                                             this year included a special COVID-19
on the impact on the business.
                                             pandemic survey to understand how             Site visits
The Chair and members of the Group           the pandemic was impacting colleagues         Travel restrictions caused by the
Executive Committee also took part           and how the business could help more.         COVID-19 pandemic have unfortunately
in video messages and interviews.            We carried out an additional pulse survey     meant the Board was unable to make
These were delivered to colleagues via       later in the year to gauge colleagues’        any site visits in 2020. The Board held



                                                                                                                                          Other information
a dedicated communication channel,           reactions to improvements we had made         two virtual stakeholder management
providing them with insight as to how        to our working practices.                     sessions with colleagues in H2 2020:
the business is developing as a listed                                                     the first with the UK Colleague Forum
                                             Survey results were discussed at
company as well as practical updates                                                       Chair in August and a second with
                                             Board and Group Executive Committee
on remote working practices.                                                               colleagues across our European offices.
                                             level in Q3 2020 to identify areas
                                                                                           Both sessions were well received by
Colleague welfare, as well as customer       for improvement which were then
                                                                                           Board members and colleagues. The goal
focus, has been at the centre of             communicated back to the business.
                                                                                           of these site visits was to give the Board
everything we have tried to do during        The continued impact of organisational
                                                                                           a better understanding of the employee
the COVID-19 pandemic particularly           and transformational change on the
                                                                                           voice including how the pandemic was
as work patterns flexed and changed.         workforce was a key factor in 2020, as
                                                                                           impacting the working environment, the
The Board understood and recognised          was the business’s approach to both the
                                                                                           obstacles colleagues were facing and
the need to constantly adapt and             COVID-19 pandemic and future ways
                                                                                           how this could be improved. They also
modify available resources to help           of working.
                                                                                           allowed the Board to understand how
colleagues access remote wellbeing
                                             Each function has its own action plan for     colleagues were coping from a well-being
support, advice and resources.
                                             2021, the progress of which is tracked        perspective. Similar sessions will be run
Culture programme                            and discussed quarterly at the Group          in early 2021 across our Asia offices and
                                             Executive Committee meetings.                 for graduates and apprentices.
One of our key priorities during the year
was to develop a great culture for M&G       Virtual Town Hall events                      Colleagues as shareholders
plc. The Board received regular updates
                                             Directors have adapted to the challenges      The Board approved a further
on culture activities, in addition to its
                                             that the COVID-19 pandemic has                offer of the UK Sharesave and
quarterly review of people data, and
                                             presented to traditional ways of working      International Sharesave plans to
recognised its crucial role in providing
                                             by presenting interactive updates             all eligible employees in July 2020
oversight and ensuring stewardship of
                                             across business functions and locations.      which was launched in September.
the firm’s culture. The Board was kept up
                                             These included the “In conversation           This builds on the Group’s ambitions
to date on various culture workstreams
                                             with” series in which the Chief Executive     to align employee interests with our
and a dashboard has been specifically
                                             and other key members of senior               business strategy.
created to measure and track culture
                                             management presented items such
                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 85
Our stakeholders continued
How we engage with stakeholders




   Customers
   and clients




 We consider the needs of our customer         – ESG and Sustainability and how              The acquisition and integration of
 in everything we do. One of the key             our products can both meet our              Ascentric enabled us to strengthen
 ways that the Board monitors our                own business principles and give            our position in the UK savings and
 customers and what we are offering              customers what they want; and               investment market. It complemented
 them is the regular reporting from the        – Value Assessment, to ensure we              our existing offering to advisers and
 Chief Customer and Distribution Officer         continue to treat our customers fairly.     customers with a well-established
 (CCDO) to its scheduled meetings.                                                           wealth management platform
 As well as qualitative reporting from         Our infrastructure was able to support        allowing us to provide a wider range of
 the CCDO, the Board also receives data        remote working well in all global locations   investment solutions to more customers.
 on customer satisfaction, complaints          and we communicated with clients to
                                               make sure that we were able to leverage       The Board also considered brand during
 and outcomes.
                                               our adoption of digital working.              2020 and considered how changes to
 Through 2020, the Board has focused                                                         our external presentation would help
 specific attention on the following, when     The Board considered the needs of our         customers. This include tying together
 we consider the needs of our customers:       clients and customers when reviewing          our M&G plc “family of brands”, while still
                                               its global growth strategies particularly     ensuring consistency and clarity for our
 – the COVID-19 pandemic and                   around new products and solutions for         customers on our Investments and Real
   our response;                               clients including the four new Mega           Estate capabilities.
 – customer vulnerability in different         propositions: Active+, Smooth+, Planet+
   sections of our business;                   and Custom+ which aim to introduce a               Read more
                                                                                                  Pages 4-5
                                               new generation of products and solutions
                                               for our clients. The Board also ensures
                                               that our customer offering aligns with our
                                               overall strategy.




   I’m over the moon. I already trusted
   Prudential and PruFund, but finding
   my PruFund investment had grown
    over the last 12 months despite the
 pandemic blew me away. I’m so pleased
  I’ve always stuck with Prudential and
         I wouldn’t go elsewhere.”
                                           Alan
                                     PruFund customer




86 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 Investors


                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report




Institutional shareholders                Given the financial market turmoil that     The Board recognises the AGM as                Governance
                                          ensued as the pandemic grew, we opted       an important formal interaction with
The Board is kept aware of major
                                          to publish an ad-hoc Q1 business update     predominantly retail shareholders and
shareholder issues and concerns
                                          on 27 May, the date of our first AGM.       was disappointed not to be able to
through reports from a variety of
                                          This allowed us to provide an update to     hold its first AGM in person. However,
sources including the Chief Executive
                                          the market on business trends, balance      ensuring the safety of shareholders
and Chief Financial Officer reports, a
                                          sheet position, actions taken to mitigate   and staff, as well as compliance
regular report at Board meetings by
                                          the effects of the crisis, and to confirm   with government guidelines during
the Director of Investor Relations and




                                                                                                                                     Financial information
                                          payment of the dividend that we had         unprecedented circumstances
feedback from the Chair on governance
                                          announced with our full year results.       was paramount.
meetings with major investors.
                                          Our half year results were announced on
The Chair of the Remuneration                                                         The Board instead offered shareholders
                                          12 August. Around both announcements
Committee also reports to the Board                                                   an enhanced Q&A opportunity in
                                          and throughout the rest of the year, we
on discussions with shareholders.                                                     advance of the meeting with answers
                                          have engaged with investors through
The Investor Relations Report covers                                                  posted on the Company’s website.
                                          a variety of means including virtual
share price performance, investor                                                     Reliance was also placed on the robust
                                          roadshows, attendance at virtual
meetings, and analyst reports, views                                                  and well-known proxy voting service
                                          investor conferences, and by analyst-
and forecasts.                                                                        which ensured all shareholders had
                                          sponsored group investor meetings.
                                                                                      the opportunity to vote in advance of
Investor engagement                       This helps the Board to understand what
                                                                                      the meeting.
                                          investor concerns are.



                                                                                                                                     Other information
2020 was a year in which continual
engagement was even more crucial                                                      The AGM represents an excellent
                                          In aggregate we have had 359
as investors tried to navigate the                                                    opportunity for the Board to meet the
                                          touchpoints with investors across 186
economic and financial market fallout                                                 Company’s retail shareholders, so we
                                          investment institutions representing
of the COVID-19 pandemic.                                                             intend to give appropriate opportunity
                                          55.72% of our shareholder register.
                                                                                      for shareholder engagement around
In the early part of 2020, we conducted   Retail shareholders                         the 2021 AGM, albeit physical meetings
a number of meetings with the Chair,                                                  will need to be restricted in accordance
                                          Retail shareholders have dedicated
and the Chair of the Remuneration                                                     with the prevailing government
                                          services in place via the Group
Committee to discuss with investors                                                   guidelines on COVID-19.
                                          Secretariat team and the Company’s
broad issues of governance, and to
                                          registrar, Equiniti.
hear their views on our Remuneration
Policy, which was subsequently            Key information is also available on
approved at our 2020 AGM.                 the Company’s website including the
                                          ‘Shareholder Information’ page which
We announced our 2019 full year
                                          contains information on corporate
results on 10 March, just prior to
                                          governance, dividends, the AGM and
lockdown, which meant that all
                                          share dealing, as well as answers to some
planned roadshow activity following
                                          of the most frequently asked questions.
the announcement was immediately
                                          These sections continue to be developed
moved onto a virtual basis and held via
                                          and updated to ensure content is clear,
conference calls and video meetings.
                                          concise and easily accessible.




                                                                                      M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 87
Our stakeholders continued
How we engage with stakeholders




   Communities
   and charities




 We have a clearly defined overarching         Over 2020, the Board considered           The projects we support are
 social purpose. Flagship programmes           M&G plc’s social purpose, the flagship    sustainable and we work closely
 (urban regeneration; economic                 programmes within social purpose;         with our partners to ensure that our
 empowerment; and skills and                   how colleagues have been engaged in       programmes continuously improve,
 education) support each pillar of             community and charity work and how        for example, we found opportunity in
 the Group’s strategy.                         we compare to other listed companies.     2020 to become a founding partner
                                                                                         of the National Emergencies Trust
 The community investment strategy             We establish long-term relationships
                                                                                         and to support their appeal during
 and how it is being delivered, has            with our charity partners to improve
                                                                                         the pandemic. Please see page 56
 been reviewed by the Corporate                lives, build communities and provide
                                                                                         for further details.
 Responsibility Governance Committee           support, not only through funding, but
 and discussed at Executive Committee          also with the experience and expertise         Read more
 and Board level.                              of our colleagues.                             Page 56-59




   Regulators




 It’s vitally important that we continue       During the year, we worked hard to        The Board receives a report on
 to maintain strong regulatory                 ensure we met both our regulatory         regulatory matters from the Director
 relationships – communicating openly,         obligations as a global independent       of Public Policy and Regulation at
 working collaboratively and providing         business and the objectives of our        every Board meeting and all relevant
 the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA),        policyholders, while at the same time     regulatory correspondence is made
 Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA)         continuing to support the real economy,   available to the Board in a timely
 and all our other global regulators with      particularly during the disruption from   manner via a dedicated Reading
 timely notification of issues.                the COVID-19 pandemic.                    Room. The Board has held additional
                                                                                         meetings over 2020 to discuss
 We aim to approach our relationship           This approach included significant
                                                                                         responses to specific regulator requests
 with our regulators, as stakeholders,         engagement from the Board and
                                                                                         and recommendations.
 in an open and constructive manner            members of the Senior Executive
 at all times.                                 team with our regulators on a range of
                                               key risks. The Chair and other Board
                                               members met separately with the
                                               supervisory teams at the PRA and FCA
                                               to discuss key areas of focus.

88 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Business partners


                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report




                                     M&G continues to rely on third-party          Twice a year the Chief Operating               Governance
                                     suppliers and outsourcers and the Board       Officer provides a full report to the
                                     recognises the huge importance that           Board on all functional matters as
                                     they have in our operating model.             well as ad hoc reports on projects as
                                                                                   necessary. The COO leads the change
                                     The Board is involved in key
                                                                                   and transformation work for the Group
                                     decisions relating to material
                                                                                   and the Board has maintained careful
                                     outsourcer arrangements.
                                                                                   oversight of this, both in terms of cost




                                                                                                                                  Financial information
                                     The Board also approves M&G plc’s             and suppliers.
                                     Modern Slavery Statement which, given
                                                                                   The Risk and Audit Committees
                                     the nature of our business and our use
                                                                                   regularly examine issues related to
                                     of third parties, is focused on our efforts
                                                                                   suppliers and partners, a particular
                                     to detect and prevent modern slavery
                                                                                   example being the Audit Committee’s
                                     in our supply chain. This provides the
                                                                                   consideration of the audit tender,
                                     Board with oversight of the controls in
                                                                                   which culminated in the decision
                                     place to manage an important risk in our
                                                                                   in 2020 to appoint PwC as the
                                     supply chain.
                                                                                   Company’s external auditor for the
                                                                                   year commencing 1 January 2022.
                                                                                   Please see page 106 for further details.




                                                                                                                                  Other information

   We are delighted to be
    partnering with M&G
on the Empowering Families
   programme, supporting
   young people and their
  families to access quality
 education and better jobs
 to build successful futures
      for themselves.”
               Alison Wallace
        CEO of SOS Children’s Villages




                                                                                   M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 89
Board activities

The Board’s Year
The timeline below sets out key decisions and
actions during 2020 and how stakeholders were
involved or their interests taken account of


 2020


 Strategy, governance, risk and opportunity management

January                     February                  March                      April                      May                     June
– Launch of M&G plc’s       – Report from the         – Approval             .   – Appointment              – M&G plc’s first       – First Board
  vision for its culture.     Chief Operating           of dividend.               of Massimo                 AGM held on             Strategy Offsite
– Board approval of           Officer on customer     – Announcement of            Tosato as Non-             27 May 2020.            meeting as M&G plc
  M&G plc’s Global            service, investment       2019 results.              Executive Director.      – Ascentric               held virtually.
  Diversity and               operations,                                                                     deal signed.
  Inclusion Strategy          technology and                                                                – Mid-year One Voice
  putting in place a          commercial issues.                                                              Pulse survey.
  strategic framework,
  success measures
  and goals through
  to 2025.
                                                                                 – Regular investment
        Read more                                                                  performance review.
        Page 62
                                                                                 – Customer and
                                                                                   Distribution Update.




 Understanding the views of stakeholders, the interests of colleagues and the fostering of business relationships
– Recognising the           – Reviewing                                          – Ensuring all our         – Engaging with our     – Discussion
  importance to               operations involves                                  stakeholder needs          retail shareholders     of strategic
  employees of a great        looking at how                                       are met by bringing        using online voting     priorities and
  environment to work         our technology                                       the right skills on to     and Q&A due             key growth
  in, supported by well       serves clients                                       the Board.                 to COVID-19             initiatives – thinking
  understood culture.         and colleagues;                                    – Overseeing the             restrictions.           about our business
– Ensuring that all           how third-party                                      products we provide                                longer-term.
  colleagues are              relationships are       – Considering                to our customers
  supported by the            being managed             the views of the           and monitoring
  firm’s approach to          and whether our           regulator, given           the performance
  D&I and that our            customers and             the critical parts         of investments
  business partners           clients are satisfied     that solvency and          made for our
  and regulators,             with how we interact      risk appetite play         asset management
  with whom we                with them.                in dividend.               clients.
  interact every day,                                 – Thinking about
  recognise us as an                                    the business
  inclusive firm.                                       longer-term.




90 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report




July                    August                 September                 October                    November                December
                        – Half year            – Ascentric formally      – Appointment of           – Reviewing policies    – Approved



                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                          results announced.     becomes a part of         Fiona Clutterbuck as       across the Group,       2021-2024
                                                 M&G plc.                  Senior Independent         including the Risk      Business Plan.
                                                                           Director.                  Management            – Reviewed Corporate
                                                      Read more
                                                                                                      Framework and           Responsibility
                                                      Page 7
                                                                                                      supporting the          programme.
                                                                                                      firm’s move from      – Review of
                                               – Operations Update.
– Regular investment                                                                                  the Sarbanes-           Fund pricing.
  performance review.                                                                                 Oxley reporting
                                                                                                                            – Regular investment
                                                                                                      model, inherited
                                                                                                                              performance review.
                                                                                                      from our former
                                                                         – Approval of PwC as         parent company,
                                                                           new auditor for the        to our Integrated
                                                                                                      Control Framework.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial information
                                                                           period commencing
                                                                           1 January 2022.
                                                                         – One Voice survey
                                                                           results reveal
                                                                           increased employee
                                                                           engagement and
                                                                           improved scores
                                                                           on all ten survey
                                                                           category themes.
                                                                         – Launch of Culture
                                                                           Change Programme.
                                                                         – Introduction of
                                                                           the M&G plc Code
                                                                           of Conduct.




                                                                                                                                                     Other information
                                                                         – Customer and
                                                                           Distribution Update.




– Monitoring                                   – Ascentric ensures       – The Audit Tender         – Considering how       – Reviewing the
  performance                                    our advisors and          process involved           risk and controls       priorities and
  for our clients –                              customers have a          interaction with           protect our             needs of our
  the frequency                                  well-established          prospective                customers and           communities and
  of which was                                   digital wealth            business partners          clients and support     charity partners had
  increased given the                            management                to assess suitability      our regulatory          a particular focus
  turbulent markets.                             platform, allowing        and audit quality.         requirements.           in 2020 given the
                                                 us to provide a wider   – The Executive                                      COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                 range of investment       team listened to
                                                 solutions to              feedback from the
                                                 more customers.           One Voice survey
                                                                           results, including
                                                                           the desire to build
                                                                           on and strengthen a
                                                                           sense of belonging
                                                                           before identifying
                                                                           areas of action to lay                           – Thinking about long-
                                                                           the foundations of                                 term consequences
                                                                           inclusion, respect                                 of the Business
                                                                           and shared purpose.                                Plan and how the
                                                                                                                              different aspects
                                                                                                                              of it would impact
                                                                                                                              varying stakeholders
                                                                                                                              including investors
                                                                                                                              and colleagues.
                                                                                                                            – Ensuring keen
                                                                                                                              pricing for clients
                                                                                                                              is monitored.




                                                                                                    M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 91
Division of responsibilities and Boardroom practice

Governance structure
This part of the report sets out the Board’s                                               The Chief Executive is responsible for
                                                                                           the proposal and delivery of strategy,
corporate governance structures                                                            the day-to-day management of the
                                                                                           Group and for ensuring information is
                                                                                           presented to the Board to enable it to
Roles and responsibilities                     Board composition                           make decisions effectively.
of the Board                                   The Board is comprised of eight
The Group’s governance is designed             Directors: a Non-Executive Chair,           Directors’ inductions,
to support a clear understanding and           two Executive Directors, a Senior           training and development
delivery of its strategy. The Board            Independent Director and four Non-          All new Board members are provided
has responsibility for the oversight,          Executive Directors, three of whom take     with a structured induction programme
governance, direction, long-term               on a Committee Chair role. Currently,       on appointment which includes an
sustainability and success of the              Fiona Clutterbuck is Interim Chair as       overview of all business areas within the
business and affairs of the Group and is       Mike Evans is on a leave of absence         Group as well as key functions.
responsible to shareholders for creating       and Clare Thompson is Interim Senior
                                               Independent Director as well as Audit       Regular updates are given at each
and delivering sustainable shareholder
                                               Committee Chair. The Board considers        Board meeting on market and industry
value. The Board is also responsible for:
                                               all its Non-Executive Directors to be       activities and legal and regulatory
– approving the Group’s business               independent and that it has complied        changes relevant to the business.
  strategy proposed by management,             with the requirements of the Code in        The Board holds an annual Strategy
  as well as setting its purpose, values,      relation to the balance of executive and    Offsite, next scheduled for June 2021.
  standards and culture and ensuring           independent Non-Executive Directors
  that these are aligned;                      on the Board, and the composition           In 2020, dedicated Directors’ training
– oversight of effective Group risk            of the Company’s Audit Committee,           sessions included sessions on:
  management and internal control              Remuneration Committee and                  – Information technology systems,
  processes including a robust                 Nomination Committee.                         frameworks and transformation
  assessment of the Group’s emerging
  and principal risks;                         Schedule of Matters Reserved                – Internal controls processes
                                                                                             and systems
– the approval of any changes relating to      for the Board and delegations
                                                                                           – The Group’s Internal Model
  the Group’s capital, corporate and/or        Matters and decisions that require Board
                                                                                             (Solvency II Internal Model)
  listed structure; and                        approval are set out in a formal Schedule
                                               of Matters Reserved to the Board (last      – Tax history of the Group
– oversight of the Group’s ESG strategy.
                                               reviewed and updated on 2 December          – Cyber security and crime
In discharging its responsibilities the        2020). This includes approval of the        – ESG overview, with a focus
Board is supported by management               Group’s strategic aims, objectives            on climate change
and ensures a clear division of                and purpose and the annual Group
responsibilities between the Chair,            financial budgets.                          For each year, the Board plans training
the Chief Executive, the Senior                                                            on a forward-looking basis, collecting
Independent Director and the                   Other specific responsibilities are         feedback from Non-Executive Directors
Non-Executive Directors.                       delegated to Board Committees which         on topics of interest.
                                               operate within clearly defined terms
The Board has delegated certain                of reference approved by the Board.         Board members receive formal papers a
responsibilities to its Committees             Day-to-day management of the business       week ahead of each Board or Committee
and, in compliance with the Code,              of the Group is delegated to the Chief      meeting, which enables them to make
has established an Audit Committee,            Executive. Full details of the Schedule     informed decisions on the issues under
a Nomination Committee and a                   of Matters Reserved for decision by the     consideration. In addition to formal
Remuneration Committee. A separate             Board and the responsibilities delegated    Board meetings, the Chair maintains
Risk Committee has also been                   to the Board Committees can be found        regular contact throughout the year
established. The Terms of Reference for        under the Corporate Governance              with the Chief Executive, Chief Financial
each of the Board’s Committees were            section of the Group’s website.             Officer and Group Executive Committee
most recently updated and approved                                                         to discuss specific issues.
on 2 December 2020 and are available           The roles of the Chair and the
                                                                                           The Company Secretary acts as
to view on the Company’s website:              Chief Executive                             an advisor to the Board on matters
www.mandgplc.com/investors/                    The roles of the Chair and the Chief        concerning governance and ensures
shareholder-information/corporate-             Executive are clearly segregated.           compliance with Board procedures.
governance. The Committee Chairs are           The division of responsibilities between    All Directors had access to the Company
responsible for reporting to the Board         them is set out in writing and was          Secretary’s advice during 2020.
on the Committees’ activities.                 approved by the Board on 20 September       Directors may also take independent
In addition, all Non-Executive Directors       2019. The Chair leads the Board,            professional advice at the Company’s
are invited to attend all Committee            facilitating engagement at meetings by      expense if required. In the event that any
meetings, and papers of those meetings         drawing on members’ skills, experience      Director has concerns about the running
are made available to them.                    and knowledge, and is responsible           of the Company, or a proposed action
                                               for the Board’s overall effectiveness       that cannot be resolved within the Board
                                               and oversight of the management of          forum, these may be reflected in the
                                               the Company.                                Board minutes.

92 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
The Company Secretary circulates minutes of each Board meeting following the meeting for comment and approval to ensure an
accurate record is captured.

Tenure, election and re-appointment of Directors


                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
Directors are typically appointed by the Board and then put forward for election by shareholders at the subsequent AGM.
All Non-Executive Directors are appointed for initial terms of three years and may be terminated by either party upon six months’
written notice or by shareholder vote at the AGM. The Non-Executive Directors do not have any entitlement to compensation if
their office is terminated.
Full details of the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors can be found on page 125 of this document in the Directors’
Remuneration Report. More information about the appointment process for Directors can be found on page 98 of this document
in the Nomination Committee Report.

Group Governance Framework
Forums and Documents


                                                                                                                                        Governance
The Group has established a Group Governance Framework (GGF) which comprises three parts: (i) the forums we use to
govern; (ii) how we make decisions and (iii) how we conduct ourselves. The forums and documents comprising the GGF are set
out below:
 GGF                        Forum / Item                                       Key Documents
The forums we               – The M&G plc Board and Committees                 – Listing Rules
use to govern                                                                  – UK Corporate Governance Code
                                                                               – Matters Reserved and Terms of Reference
                                                                               – Division of Responsibilities




                                                                                                                                        Financial information
                            – Our Material Subsidiaries (PAC and MGG)          – Supervisory Statement 5/16
                              and their Committees – see further in            – Material Subsidiary Corporate
                              paragraph below                                    Governance Manual
                                                                               – Terms of Reference and (for PAC) Management
                                                                                 Responsibility Map (MRM)
                            – Our other regulated and non-                     – Aligned Subsidiary processes delivered
                              regulated subsidiaries                             by Group Secretariat
                                                                               – Terms of Reference and (for regulated
                                                                                 entities) MRMs
                            – Our Executive Committee and the                  – Executive Governance Manual




                                                                                                                                        Other information
                              management committee structure                   – Terms of Reference
How we                      – Our approvals and decision-                      – Delegated Authorities (setting out M&G plc’s
make decisions                making framework                                   thresholds at which approvals can be given by
                                                                                 management or require Board input)
How we conduct              – Our Code of Conduct, employee policies           – M&G plc Code of Conduct
ourselves                     and ways of working                              – M&G plc’s internal policies
                                                                               – Group Risk Framework

At the end of 2020, and following a full year operating as an independent Company, the Board determined that it would be
appropriate to examine the broader governance arrangements of the Group and its Material Subsidiaries and a review was
commenced in late 2020.
Subsidiaries
Independent Non-Executive Directors are appointed to the Boards of M&G plc’s Material Subsidiaries: M&G Group Limited (MGG)
and The Prudential Assurance Company Limited (PAC). Each of these entities has a Board of Directors led by an independent
chair and an audit committee and risk committee, comprised entirely of independent Non-Executive Directors. The PAC Board
also has a With-Profits Committee and an Independent Governance Committee, as required by regulation, which are also
comprised of independent Non-Executive Directors. Dialogue between the Board, Audit and Risk Committee Chairs at Group
level occurs on an ongoing basis with their counterparts in the Material Subsidiaries, to ensure an effective information flow
and escalation of issues. The Boards and Committees of the Material Subsidiaries are also committed to the highest standards
of governance and follow the Group’s internal Policies, set out in a dedicated manual – the Material Subsidiary Corporate
Governance Manual, which covers appointment of Directors, annual evaluation, and standards and delivery of board materials.
The governance arrangements for the Material Subsidiaries are overseen by the Nomination Committee.




                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 93
Division of responsibilities and Boardroom practice continued
Governance structure


Executive Governance
The Group has established an Executive Governance framework comprising management committees aligned under the
members of the Group Executive Committee. The Executive Governance framework supports the Executive Committee
members and, as required, subsidiary boards within the Group, with specialist review and advice. The Executive Committee
oversees the Executive Governance framework and its processes are set out in a dedicated manual – the Executive
Governance Manual.

Governance structure: roles and responsibilities
The diagram below sets out the roles and responsibilities of the Board members and the Company Secretary.



                   Chair                          Senior Independent Director                Non-Executive Directors

 – leads the Board and is responsible          – works closely with the Chair,         – provide constructive challenge,
   for its overall effectiveness in              acting as a sounding board and          strategic guidance and specialist
   oversight of the management of                providing support                       advice to hold management
   the Company                                 – acts as an intermediary for other       to account
 – sets the Board agenda which is                Directors as and when necessary       – scrutinise and hold to account
   primarily focused on delivering the         – is available to shareholders and        the performance of management
   Company’s strategic objectives and            other Non-Executive Directors to        and individual Executive Directors
   developments to its strategy                  address any concerns or issues          against performance objectives
 – draws out knowledge and                       they feel have not been adequately    – sit on various committees to
   experience from Non-                          dealt with through the usual            provide challenge, guidance and
   Executive Directors                           channels of communication               direction on specific areas, and
 – shapes the culture in                       – with the Non-Executive Directors,       report back to the Board on these
   the Boardroom                                 reviews the Chair’s performance       The Board makes the Non-Executive
 – ensures that adequate time is                 and carries out succession            Directors collectively responsible
   available for discussion of these             planning for the Chair’s role         for engagement with the workforce.
   issues and that all Directors               – attends sufficient meetings with      The Board specifically tested this
   contribute effectively                        major shareholders to obtain a        through its Board evaluation and
                                                 balanced understanding of their       determined that, given the pandemic
                                                 issues and concerns                   environment in 2020, engagement
                                                                                       with the workforce should remain
                                                                                       a priority for 2021. See page 96 for
                                                                                       more details.


             Chief Executive                          Chief Financial Officer                   Company Secretary

 – leads the business, implements              – reports directly to the               – supports the Chair and Chief
   strategy and chairs the                       Chief Executive                         Executive in fulfilling their duties
   Executive Committee                         – has responsibility for the Finance    – provides regular corporate
 – responsible for all operational and           function and its operations             governance updates on topics
   strategic management of the Group           – supports the Chief Executive in         which may affect the Company or
 – ensures management fulfils its                all aspects of financial reporting,     the Board
   obligations to the Board to provide           investor engagement and               – available to all Directors for advice
   information in an accurate and                business planning                       and support
   timely manner                               – is a member of the Group              – manages the Group’s Secretariat
 – manages the Group’s risk profile              Executive Committee                     function which provides
 – keeps the Chair informed of all                                                       administrative and governance
   material issues                                                                       support to the Board and
                                                                                         its Committees
 – sets the vision for the Group’s
   culture, values and purpose                                                         – is a member of the Group
                                                                                         Executive Committee




94 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Board Committees and Group Executive Committee
The Board has established an Audit Committee, a Nomination Committee, a Remuneration Committee and a Risk Committee.
These committees form the independent oversight element of the Group Governance Framework by the Non-Executive



                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
Directors. The terms of reference for each of the Board’s committees are documented formally, approved by the Board and
updated as necessary. Each Committee Chair provides regular reports to the Board on the matters covered at each Committee
meeting. Full details of each Committee’s activities throughout the year are detailed on pages 98 to 111 in the Committee Reports.
The Executive Committee is established by the Chief Executive and reports to him.




        Nomination Committee                            Audit Committee                              Risk Committee

 – overseeing the composition of the         – reviewing the effectiveness                – advising the Board on the
   Board and its Committees                    of the Group’s system of                     Company’s emerging risks, risk


                                                                                                                                        Governance
 – assisted by Group HR, recruitment           internal financial controls and              strategy, risk policies, risk appetite
   of new Board members                        internal control systems and                 and current risk exposures
                                               whistleblowing procedures                  – overseeing the implementation
 – succession planning for the Board
   and its Committees                        – reviewing the Group’s                        and maintenance of the overall
                                               financial statements,                        Risk Management Framework
 – taking an active role, together with
                                               related announcements and                    and systems
   HR and other management, with
                                               other financial information                – overseeing the Company’s
   respect to the Group’s diversity and
                                               provided to shareholders and                 procedures for detecting fraud,
   inclusion strategy and associated
                                               other stakeholders                           preventing bribery and non-
   objectives, including monitoring of




                                                                                                                                        Financial information
   their effectiveness                       – monitoring and reviewing internal            compliance
                                               audit activities, reports and findings     – reviewing the Company’s risk
                                             – receiving and reviewing                      assessment processes and
                                               reports from the Company’s                   capability to identify and manage
                                               external auditors                            new risks
                                             – monitoring the effectiveness and
                                               independence of the Company’s
                                               external auditors and making
                                               recommendations to the Board
                                               in respect of their remuneration,
                                               appointment and dismissal



                                                                                                                                        Other information
       Remuneration Committee                                               Executive Committee

 – establishing, approving and               – The members of the Executive Committee are the Chief Executive, Chief
   maintaining the principles and              Financial Officer, Chief Risk and Resilience Officer, Chief Investment Officer,
   framework of the remuneration               Chief Operating Officer, Chief Customer and Distribution Officer, General
   policies of the Group and ensuring          Counsel and Company Secretary, Chief International Officer, Chief Human
   compliance with those policies              Resources Officer, and Director of Public Policy and Regulation.
 – determining the design,                   – This Committee is led by the Chief Executive and has responsibility for the
   implementation and operation of             operational management of the business on a day-to-day basis.
   remuneration arrangements for             – The Committee leads on: the development and implementation of strategy,
   the Chair, the Executive Directors,         operational plans, policies, procedures and budgets; prioritisation and
   members of senior management,               allocation of resources; and promotion of the Group’s culture and values.
   and certain other individuals
                                             – The Committee reviews all material or strategic matters being proposed to the
   identified by relevant regulations
                                               Board and approves certain levels of expenditure under the Group’s delegated
                                               authority framework.




                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 95
Board effectiveness and evaluation

Board evaluation
2020 Review                                    background meetings with other senior        – Good management of meetings;
                                               executives in the Group, advisors            – Commendable standards of
At the end of 2020, the Board undertook
                                               and subsidiary Board members and               Board support;
a formal and rigorous evaluation of
                                               reviewed supporting materials such as
its performance, including that of its                                                      – A strong conflicts framework, very
                                               Board papers, agendas and minutes.
Committees, the Chair and individual                                                          diligently handled;
Directors. The review was externally           The findings were presented to               – Good reporting from Committees
facilitated by Lintstock Limited, a firm       the Board in December 2020 and a               to the Board;
which has no other connections with            collective Board discussion to exchange
                                                                                            – Strong oversight of risk; and
the Company or with any Director.              ideas and agree priorities arising from
The external nature of the review met          the report took place.                       – Support from a highly focused
the provision of the UK Corporate                                                             Executive Committee.
                                               The report identified a number of
Governance Code which requires
external evaluation on no less than
                                               strengths of the Board which included:       2021 Actions
three-yearly intervals.                        – Strong expertise across a range            Through the evaluation and subsequent
                                                 of disciplines with healthy                discussion at the Board meetings in
The evaluation was carried out through a                                                    December 2020 and February 2021,
                                                 gender balance;
tailored survey followed by an individual                                                   the Board identified areas of focus
interview for all Board members and            – Clear understanding of
                                                                                            and related actions to enhance its
the General Counsel and Company                  regulators’ views;
                                                                                            performance. See table below.
Secretary. Lintstock also carried out


 Themes                                                            Overview of Actions
1. Collaborative Engagement                                        This will be led by the Chair and Chief Executive and has already
                                                                   commenced with a Board Away Day in late 2020.
Developing Board and senior management relationships
further, recognising the newness of the Company and                Next steps are:
Board members.
                                                                   – for senior management to attend Board dinners or other
Developing the engagement between our Board and                      informal events and the development of mentoring by
the workforce and listening to their feedback to better              Non-Executives Directors.
understand the business.                                           – further opportunities to be found for employee engagement
                                                                     for Non-Executive Directors.
2. Strong Regulatory Relationships                                 This will be led by the Director of Public Policy and Regulation,
                                                                   including considering the frequency of regulatory engagement
Continuing to focus on strong, transparent
                                                                   and how informal and formal Board updates can support this.
regulatory relationships.
3. Aligned Governance for Parent and Subsidiary                    This will be owned by the General Counsel and Company
                                                                   Secretary and led through (i) regular meetings with the Group,
Ensuring sequencing of PAC and MGG Board decision-
                                                                   PAC and MGG Chairs to align decision-making and reporting,
making with Group is optimal, that reporting on key issues
                                                                   (ii) review of terms of reference and delegated authorities.
from subsidiaries is addressed appropriately at Group and
that clear delineation as to remit exists in terms of reference.
Continue establishing clear governance paths for
decision-making.
Ensure composition of boards remain appropriate for
the business and board roles and responsibilities are
clearly defined.
4. Board Papers                                                    This will be owned by the General Counsel and Company
                                                                   Secretary and will involve a programme for all individuals
Focusing on quality summaries; timeliness of papers and
                                                                   preparing papers for Boards and Committees and focus on
reducing duplication between Boards and Committees.
                                                                   agenda setting with Committee Chairs.
5. Strategy Dialogues                                              This will be led by the Chair and Chief Executive and addressed
                                                                   as part of preparation, planning and execution of the Company’s
Evolving the two-way dialogues between Non-Executive
                                                                   Board Strategy Offsite.
Directors and senior management on strategic topics.
6. Constructive Meetings                                           This will be led by the Chair and include continuing the practice
                                                                   of pre-meetings for Non-Executive Directors reviewing the most
Ensuring meetings are efficient, constructive
                                                                   effective practices around presenters and attendees at Board
and challenging.
                                                                   meetings and ensuring the timing for debate and discussion is
                                                                   correctly addressed in agendas.




96 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
2019 Closures
In our last Annual Report, we set out the feedback from our first evaluation at the end of 2019 and the actions we planned to take
over 2020 to enhance performance.



                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
A summary of the 2020 action points and progress updates is set out in the table below.
 Theme and Actions                                              Progress in 2020
Board processes: enhancing Board papers and ensuring            – Guidance to paper preparers was updated through the year.
subsidiary governance continues to be effective and efficient   – Planning between Group Secretariat and the Risk and Finance
– Continuing work on high-quality Board papers.                   functions on processing, involving multiple entities taking
                                                                  decisions, has been refined and improved.
– Clarity for newly listed Group on governance paths for key
  Boards and Committees at parent and subsidiary level.         – An Executive Governance Manual which includes the executive
                                                                  committee framework has been created.
                                                                – An information flow process showing reporting from subsidiary
                                                                  Audit and Risk Committee Chairs to Group Audit and Risk


                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                  Committee Chairs has been created and embedded.
                                                                – We continue to focus on overall Board information
                                                                  enhancement as a continuing cycle.
Strategy: using Non-Executive Director skills and expertise     – Non-Executive Director feedback was collated for the 2020
                                                                  Board Strategy Offsite and for the agenda generally.
– Building agenda with the right emphasis for Board
  strategy offsite.                                             – We continue our objective to use the Non-Executive Directors
                                                                  as sounding boards/guidance, through the plan for more
– Making the most of Non-Executive Directors as
                                                                  mentoring actions by Non-Executive Directors.
  sounding boards and sources of guidance surrounding




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
  strategy planning.
Culture: monitoring and oversight                               – The Board received culture updates throughout the year and
                                                                  held an off-cycle working session with a culture expert in the
Supporting the Board in finding the right information flows
                                                                  HR team.
to oversee and monitor the culture, values, priorities and
behaviours that have been set.                                  – A quarterly culture dashboard has been developed and is
                                                                  provided to the Board as part of the quarterly people data pack.
                                                                – The Board schedule for 2020 included discussions on
                                                                  employee opinion feedback, Talent and D&I.
Relationships with our regulators                               – An updated programme of review points, including with the
                                                                  Chair and Chief Executive, has been scheduled with both the
Continuing to focus on strong, transparent relationships
                                                                  FCA and PRA.



                                                                                                                                         Other information
with our regulators.
                                                                – The Director of Public Policy and Regulation continues to hold
                                                                  regular update meetings with both the FCA and PRA.
                                                                – Copies of material regulatory correspondence and updates on
                                                                  Non-Executive Director regulatory meetings continue to be
                                                                  provided to the Board in a timely manner.
People: continuing a line of engagement between our Board       – Meetings for the Board took place including with lead
and the workforce, understanding their voice                      representatives of the UK Colleague Forum and a cross-section
                                                                  of colleagues from Asia and Europe.
– Developing the Board’s schedule of offsite meetings at key
  business locations.                                           – The COVID-19 pandemic and government advice to work from
                                                                  home if possible meant there was no opportunity for travel
– Finding further opportunities for employee engagement
                                                                  to offices outside London for face-to-face meetings. We plan
  for Non-Executive Directors.
                                                                  to address this if restrictions allow in 2021.




                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 97
Nomination Committee Report




                                               Role and responsibilities                    Board composition and
   Nomination                                  of the Nomination Committee                  succession planning
   Committee                                   The Committee is responsible for
                                               the composition of the Board and its
                                                                                            The Committee’s primary role is to
                                                                                            ensure that Board composition remains
   Report                                      Committees and succession planning.
                                               This ensures that the right skills are in
                                                                                            appropriate and to keep succession
                                                                                            planning of both Executive and Non-
                                               place to support the Group’s strategic       Executive roles under ongoing review.
                                               priorities and the long-term success         The Committee will also use learnings
                                               and future viability of the Company          from the Board Evaluation process
                                               and the wider Group. The Committee           described on page 96.
                                               is responsible for elements of Diversity
                                               and Inclusion (D&I) leadership.              Non-Executive Directors
                                                                                            The Board engaged external consultants
                                                    The Nomination Committee’s
                                                    terms of reference                      Sapphire Partners, MWM Consulting
                                                    www.mandgplc.com                        and Nurole to assist in Non-Executive
                                                                                            searches over the course of 2020.
 Fiona Clutterbuck                                  Membership and
                                                    meeting attendance                      None of these firms have any
 Acting as Interim Committee Chair
                                                    Page 81                                 connections with the Company or
                                                                                            with individual Directors.
                                                                                            The Committee addressed two
                                                                                            vacancies during 2020.
Dear Shareholder                               Appointment process
As Interim Committee Chair, I am writing       The appointment of a new Director            Caroline Silver stepped down from her
on behalf of Mike Evans, to report on          begins with the identification of a          role as Senior Independent Director
the formal meetings of the Committee           vacancy or skills gap. The Committee         (SID) on 27 May 2020, with this being
in 2020, and the ad hoc decisions              assesses any skills required, arising        announced to the market on 19 February
throughout the year around Non-                either through vacancy or the evolving       2020. The Committee considered it
Executive appointments.                        needs of the Board. The Committee            key to ensure an interim was in role,
                                               then works with HR to produce a              given the importance of the SID, and
In line with the Board’s focus on culture                                                   recommended Clare Thompson, who
                                               clear role specification to focus
this year, when considering the selection                                                   acted as SID from 27 May to 9 October
                                               recruitment activities.
of Board members, the Nomination                                                            2020. The Committee also considered
Committee has explored how to set              Using the role specification, HR             the experience necessary for the new
the right tone from the top and how our        arrange an external search for Non-          SID, focusing on general, wide-ranging
Director population can both represent         Executive roles and internal and             Non-Executive background and financial
and support our firm culture.                  external searches for Executive roles.       services. The Committee instructed
                                               The next stage is interviews, at which       Group HR to carry out a search, which
This report provides an overview of
                                               Committee members (among others)             led to my appointment. The Committee
its activities in 2020, as well as some
                                               test the candidates’ skills, including fit   considered my skills and experience,
of the items covered in early 2021 in
                                               with culture.                                independence, availability and other
preparation for Director election and
re-election at our 2021 AGM.                   If interviews are successful the             commitments prior to recommendation
                                               Committee will make a recommendation         and I was appointed with effect from
                                               to the Board covering skills, experience,    9 October 2020.
                                               time commitment and availability,
 Areas of focus in 2020                                                                     On 19 June 2020 it was announced
                                               diversity (ethnicity, gender and thought)    that Robin Lawther would step down
 – Non-Executive recruitment and               and, in the case of Non-Executives,
   succession planning                                                                      from her role as Non-Executive Director
                                               independence. The Board will make an         and Remuneration Committee Chair.
 – Executive Director succession               initial consideration of the candidate       In building a job specification, the
 – Executive talent and succession             and approve the appointment in               committee focused on the specific
                                               principle, subject to regulatory approval.   skills necessary for a Remuneration
 – Diversity and Inclusion
                                               The final approval will be given by          Committee Chair, and was also mindful
 – Subsidiary governance                       the Board following the regulatory           of the Code requirement that before
                                               approval, at which point appointment         appointment as Chair, an appointee
                                               becomes effective.                           should have served on a remuneration
                                                                                            committee for at least 12 months.




98 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
The search identified Clare Chapman          Diversity and inclusion                        ESG
as the preferred candidate and the           and gender balance                             The Committee took informal
Committee considered her skills and
                                             The Committee received an update               responsibility for independent oversight
experience, independence, availability



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                             on the progress made during 2020 on            of the firm’s ESG strategy during 2019.
and other commitments. The Committee
                                             the firm’s Diversity and Inclusion (D&I)       In 2020, this responsibility moved to
focused on Ms Chapman’s remuneration
                                             Strategy. Members particularly took            the Board, and the Board’s Matters
skills both as an Executive and Non-
                                             time to challenge whether D&I targets          Reserved have been amended to
Executive as well as her role within a
                                             were appropriate and to discuss with the       formalise this. The Committee will no
public body. Ms Chapman’s appointment
                                             Chief Executive how diverse candidates         longer include ESG oversight as part
to the Board will take effect from
                                             already in role could be developed,            of its formal duties.
15 March 2021 and Ms Lawther will step
                                             as well as seeking ready-now diverse
down on the same date.
                                             candidates. The Committee considered
                                                                                            AGM
In making the above appointments, the        whether the D&I Strategy was                   In early 2021, the Committee prepared
Committee refreshed its Skills Map twice     sufficiently linked to the firm’s objectives   for the AGM which will be held in May.
over 2020, and in October, commenced         and was satisfied that this was indeed         The Committee considered the Directors


                                                                                                                                           Governance
a broader Non-Executive search, with a       the case – most particularly in that           putting themselves forward for election,
focus on diversity. The Skills Map allows    it supported the firm’s culture well,          and satisfied themselves that all aspects
the Committee to objectively identify        and that the sponsorship of different          of performance, time commitment, skills
and track the skills required by the Board   elements of D&I by each Executive              and experience were appropriate to
and plan for both emergency and longer-      Committee member was helpful.                  the Board’s needs. We also considered
term succession.                                                                            the continuing independence of
                                             Further details on the firm’s approach to      Non-Executive Directors. This work
We reviewed the Committees’                  D&I and progress against targets can be        supported the recommendation that
membership in May 2020 and                   found in the ESG section of the Strategic      the Committee made to the Board that
recommended the appointment of               Report on pages 42 to 63.




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
                                                                                            each currently serving Director (other
Robin Lawther to the Audit Committee,                                                       than Robin Lawther) be put forward for
                                             The Group’s D&I Policy can also be
the appointment of Clive Adamson and                                                        election or re-election at the 2021 AGM.
                                             found on the Company’s website at
Clare Thompson to the Nomination
                                             www.mandgplc.com.
Committee and my appointment to all                                                         Committee evaluation
Board Committees.                            Details of the gender balance of               The Committee’s evaluation took place
                                             the Board and senior management                as part of the main Board evaluation
Executive Directors –
                                             can be found on page 80 of the                 and the Committee was found to be
Skills Mapping and Succession
                                             Governance Report.                             operating effectively.
We engaged external consultants
Egon Zehnder to help provide market-         Subsidiary governance                          Fiona Clutterbuck
                                                                                            Acting as Interim Committee Chair
mapping exercises for the Chief              The Committee is responsible for the           for Mike Evans




                                                                                                                                           Other information
Executive and CFO roles and for all          governance arrangements of its material
the roles on the Executive Committee.        subsidiaries: PAC and MGG. During the
Neither the Company nor any individual       year, the Committee reviewed the
Director has any connections with            composition of the Material Subsidiary
Egon Zehnder.                                Boards and changes to them, ensuring
During both our March and October            that these continued to comply with
meetings, the Committee spent                regulatory requirements. The Committee
time reviewing the outputs of these          kept the Skills Maps and succession
exercises and considering development        plans for the Material Subsidiary Boards
plans, gaps to be addressed and              under review. The Committee is also
strength of management succession.           responsible for overseeing the General
Executive succession planning has been       Counsel and Company Secretary’s work
carried out collaboratively between Non-     to maintain a governance manual which
Executives and senior team members.          supports the procedures around the
                                             PAC and MGG Boards.
The Committee is committed to
developing talent internally as well as
ensuring the market is well understood
for all key roles.




                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 99
Audit Committee Report




                                                Role and responsibilities                   – Internal and external audit processes:
   Audit                                        of the Audit Committee                        Assessing the effectiveness and

   Committee                                    The Committee’s responsibilities include:     objectivity of both the internal and
                                                                                              external audit process.
   Report                                       – Financial reporting: Monitoring the
                                                  integrity of the consolidated financial
                                                                                            – Whistleblowing procedures:
                                                                                              Overseeing the effectiveness of the
                                                  statements, related announcements
                                                                                              Group’s Whistleblowing programme.
                                                  and other financial information
                                                  provided to shareholders and              The Audit Committee’s terms of
                                                  other stakeholders.                       reference can be found on the
                                                – Framework of internal control and         Company’s website at:
                                                  risk management systems: Reviewing             The Audit Committee’s
                                                  and monitoring the adequacy and                terms of reference
                                                  effectiveness of the Group’s Risk              www.mandgplc.com
                                                  Management Framework and internal              Membership and
                                                  control systems, in conjunction with           meeting attendance
 Clare Thompson                                   the Risk Committee.                            Page 81
 Committee Chair




 Areas of focus in 2020
 The Audit Committee held 16 meetings in 2020: eight
 regular scheduled meetings; four meetings held jointly with           Embedding the processes and controls
 the Board to recommend approval of the full year and half
 year results and the AGM Trading Update; three meetings                 to ensure a high quality of financial
 held jointly with the Risk Committee and an additional                 reporting has been our priority in our
 meeting to conclude the audit tender recommendation.
 The Committee also met separately for a training session
                                                                          first full year as a listed company.”
 on IFRS 17 and for a briefing session on the Integrated                                     Clare Thompson
                                                                                             Committee Chair
 Control Framework.
 Areas of focus included:

 Business as usual activity:                    Special business:                           The Committee also receives
 – Review and recommendation to the             – Leading the audit tender process          the following regular reports:
   Board of the full year and half year           and proposing the new external            – Audit Committee reports from
   2020 results                                   auditor to the Board                        The Prudential Assurance
 – Review of proforma full year 2020            – Establishing our Integrated Control         Company Limited (PAC),
   consolidated financial statements              Framework and transition from               M&G Group Limited (MGG),
                                                  previous control environments               and Prudential International
 – Review and recommendation
                                                                                              Assurance plc (PIA)
   to the Board of Solvency II Pillar           – Monitoring of progress on enhancing
   III reporting                                  technology and IT controls                – Financial reporting including
                                                                                              regulatory developments
 – Approval of key actuarial                    – Reviewing enhancements to controls
                                                                                              and approval of audit and
   assumptions and methodology                    over financial crime
                                                                                              non-audit work
   to be used in the half year and              – Consolidating and harmonising of
   full year financial reporting                                                            – Compliance updates
                                                  assurance reporting
 – Review of Solvency II valuation                                                          – Internal audit update
                                                – Reviewing implications of the
   methods and assumptions                        COVID-19 pandemic on the                  – Ad hoc whistleblowing issues
 – Approval of Internal Audit Charter             control environment
 – Approval of Internal Audit Plan,             – Reviewing and approving the
   including revised 2020 plan                    Tax Strategy
 – Control environment actions                  – Ascentric acquisition accounting
 – Review of External Audit Strategy              and disclosures
   and Plan
 – Consideration of audit findings
   reported on by the external auditor




100 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Dear Shareholder                              COVID-19 affected our ways of working.       The review included:
                                              The Committee’s focus was on the
During our first full year as a listed                                                     Fair, balanced and understandable
                                              impact that the COVID-19 working
company, our Committee has focused                                                         In assessing whether the 2020 Annual
                                              environment would have on our controls



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
first and foremost on robust and                                                           Report and Accounts are fair, balanced
                                              and on assurance work. We were
effective financial reporting. We have                                                     and understandable and provides the
                                              particularly careful to oversee robust
taken the opportunity to build on the                                                      information necessary for shareholders
                                              financial reporting processes that could
foundations established in 2019, to                                                        to assess the Group’s position, the Audit
                                              continue while colleagues were working
improve our internal processes and                                                         Committee gave regard to:
                                              from home.
to ensure a high quality of financial                                                      – The information contained within
reporting at half year 2020 and full year     Finally, my thanks go to Caroline Silver       the Strategic Report, in particular
2020. The Committee has also focused          who stepped down from the Committee            the Business and Financial Review,
on the underlying work associated with        on 27 May 2020. We welcomed Fiona              represents a fair reflection of the
our financial results, including spending     Clutterbuck to the Committee on                performance of the Group during
significant time on methodology,              9 October 2020.                                the year, and is consistent with the
assumptions and judgements. As part

                                                                                                                                           Governance
                                              Clare Thompson                                 information contained within the
of this process, we considered how PAC        Committee Chair                                financial statements;
and MGG approached assumptions and
                                                                                           – The significant issues identified in
judgements in their separate financial
                                                                                             this report, including the key areas
statements when forming their views.
                                                                                             of judgement and estimation, as
The Committee also continued                  Composition                                    well as any other significant issues
to ensure through its second line             The Board considers all members of the         disclosed within the narrative
assurance responsibilities that the           Committee to be independent and Clare          reporting are consistent with the
Group’s internal controls are robust          Thompson to have recent and relevant           financial statements;
and effective and that internal audit         experience of working with financial




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
                                                                                           – The alternative performance
is providing third line assurance.            reporting and accounting matters.              measures, adjusted operating profit
The Group planned its transition from         Details of the Committee membership            before tax and shareholder Solvency II
its pre-demerger control environment          including members’ relevant skills and         coverage ratio, have been given equal
to one that is effective under its own        experience can be found on pages 82            prominence to the statutory measures
Integrated Control Framework (ICF)            and 83.                                        of profit and capital, there is a clear
over the course of 2020, and this                                                            description of their calculation and an
was overseen by the Committee.                Private sessions                               explanation of their use and relevance
This change will be embedded and              Arrangements are in place for each             is given;
further rolled out during the first half      of Internal Audit, Risk and Resilience,
                                                                                           – The allocation of items to adjusted
of 2021. In addition, we continued to         Compliance and KPMG individually to
                                                                                             operating profit before tax was in line
enhance our internal reporting network,       meet with the Committee without the
                                                                                             with the defined methodology, and



                                                                                                                                           Other information
introducing written reports from the          presence of management. These private
                                                                                             was appropriately disclosed;
PAC, MGG and PIA Audit Committees to          sessions are on a rolling programme,
support the Committee’s oversight and         with the internal and external auditors      – The identified key performance
continuing work on communication and          each holding at least two of these private     measures reflect those used by
collaboration between myself and the          sessions a year. It is important to the        management to manage, monitor and
Audit Committee chairs of PAC, MGG            Committee that these teams have the            assess the results of the business,
and PIA. The annual plan for the four         opportunity to speak freely and candidly       linking to the Group’s strategy;
Audit Committees is approached as a           with the Committee, reinforcing the          – The key messages are clear,
joint exercise to ensure items that require   Committee’s independence and playing           consistent, and easily understood
approval at more than one Board or            an important role in the development           without the use of excessive jargon.
Committee are properly sequenced.             of a trusting and respectful relationship
                                                                                           Going concern and viability statements
The most significant item outside             between them and the Committee.
                                                                                           The Committee reviewed the going
our usual cycle was the tender                Financial Reporting 2020                     concern assessment undertaken by
process, selection and appointment                                                         management for the purposes of the
                                              The Audit Committee reviewed the full
of PwC as our external auditor for                                                         consolidated financial statements.
                                              year 2020 consolidated and Company
the period commencing 1 January                                                            This included: an assessment of the
                                              financial statements.
2022. The process commenced in the                                                         Group’s solvency, including its sensitivity
early part of 2020 in order to ensure                                                      to various economic stresses and its
that sufficient time could be spent                                                        projections in a reasonable worst case
on the decision – and I am pleased                                                         scenario which included the impacts
to have concluded a transparent and                                                        of Brexit and the COVID-19 pandemic;
comprehensive tender. We look forward                                                      liquidity projections, including the
to a productive relationship with PwC.                                                     impact of applying specific liquidity
                                                                                           stresses; and ability to access
                                                                                           funding sources.




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 101
Audit Committee Report continued



Based on the review, the Committee concluded that the going concern assumption remains appropriate.
In addition, the Committee considered the associated assessment of longer-term viability to support the Viability Statement.
The Committee considered the strategic and financial planning process to support the Viability Statement in conjunction with
an assessment of the Group’s key strategic pillars, business model and forecasting undertaken as part of the Business Plan.
The Committee challenged the assumptions underpinning the assessments, including the impact of various severe, but plausible
stresses and scenarios on the ability to deliver the Business Plan, particularly in light of COVID-19, and concluded that the
positions were both reasonable and supportable. In making this determination the Committee concluded that four years was
the most appropriate period for longer-term viability in line with the Group’s Business Plan.

Critical estimates and areas of judgement and how they were addressed
The Committee has assessed whether suitable accounting policies have been adopted in the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements. We have also considered all critical estimates and key judgements that are material to the preparation of
the consolidated financial statements. In this regard, the Committee receives regular updates from management and reviews
and challenges estimations and judgements accordingly. This section outlines the critical estimates and key judgements that
have been applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and how each of them have been considered and
addressed by the Committee.
Critical estimate/Key judgement             How the Committee addressed the issue
Valuation of insurance contract and         We reviewed the key assumptions and judgements presented by management in the
defined benefit pension liabilities         estimation and valuation of the Group’s insurance contract and defined benefit pension
                                            liabilities. The key assumptions reviewed were:
                                            – Policyholder mortality, maintenance expenses, credit risk assumptions and the
                                               valuation rate of interest used in the estimation of insurance contract liabilities
                                               for annuities.
                                            – Allowance for maintenance expenses persistency and other assumptions used
                                               in the estimation of insurance contract liabilities for policyholder liabilities other
                                               than annuities.
                                            – Mortality, inflation rates and discount rates used in the estimation of the Group’s
                                               defined benefit pension liabilities.
                                            The Committee considered the rationale provided by management for the assumptions
                                            used and reviewed any benchmarking provided. As part of the review, we also
                                            considered the reasonableness of these assumptions in light of COVID-19.
                                            The Committee was satisfied that the assumptions adopted by management were
                                            appropriate. Further information on key assumptions can be found in Notes 27 and 34
                                            of the consolidated financial statements in respect of the insurance contract liabilities
                                            and in Note 18 of the consolidated financial statements in respect of the defined benefit
                                            pension liabilities.
Valuation of complex and illiquid           We received information on the carrying value of investments held on the Group’s
financial assets                            balance sheet, and particularly focused on those investments where the determination
                                            of their fair value required more subjective estimation (classified as Level 3 under the
                                            fair value hierarchy). These assets include property assets, lifetime mortgages, private
                                            credit and investments in private equity vehicles.
                                            We gave due regard to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting
                                            uncertainties around valuation of such assets. Specifically the valuation of investment
                                            properties that were subject to Material Uncertainty Clauses (MUCs) at points during
                                            the year were an area of focus for the Committee.
                                            Following review and challenge of the assumptions made, as well as the wider
                                            assessment of the remainder of the Group’s assets, the Committee satisfied itself that
                                            the basis of valuation for these assets was appropriate. Further information on key
                                            assumptions can be found in Note 33 of the consolidated financial statements.




102 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Critical estimate/Key judgement        How the Committee addressed the issue
Recoverable amount of goodwill         The Committee reviewed the results of annual impairment testing carried out in respect
                                       of goodwill associated with MGG. This involved reviewing the key inputs used in the




                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
                                       assessment, including the discount rate and future cash flows used to determine value
                                       in use for the investment in MGG.
                                       We considered the results of the work performed and confirmed the conclusion that
                                       no impairment was required in respect of goodwill.
                                       Further information on key assumptions can be found in Note 13 of the consolidated
                                       financial statements.
Provisions                             The Committee reviewed the Group’s significant provisions, including those in respect
                                       of regulatory and conduct-related matters. We considered the key inputs used in
                                       measurement and the uncertainties surrounding the outcomes associated with the
                                       relevant provisions.
                                       Based on the review, we were satisfied that the level of provisioning adopted by


                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                       management was appropriate. Further information on provisions can be found in
                                       Note 30 of the consolidated financial statements.
Other significant judgements           The Committee reviewed and considered the other significant judgements as disclosed
                                       within Note 1.3 of the consolidated financial statements:
                                       – Consideration over the Group’s interest in structured entities and whether control
                                         exists which would require their consolidation.
                                       – The judgement with respect to whether contracts issued by the Group contain
                                         significant insurance risk.
                                       – Consideration of whether the assets and liabilities related to the proposed sale of




                                                                                                                                       Financial information
                                         the annuity portfolio to Rothesay Life PLC met the criteria of being classified as held
                                         for sale.
                                       Following review of the basis of the above judgements the Committee was satisfied
                                       that these were appropriate.

The Committee also considered the following critical estimates and key judgements in respect of the Company
financial statements.
Critical estimate/Key judgement        How the Committee addressed the issue
Recoverable amount of M&G              Management performed an impairment assessment in advance of the year end in
Group Regulated Entity Holding         relation to the Company’s investment in M&G Group Regulated Entity Holding Company
Company Limited in the Company         Limited, which in turn is the holding company for the Group’s two main operating




                                                                                                                                       Other information
financial statements                   subsidiaries, MGG and PAC. As a result the recoverable amount of M&G Group
                                       Regulated Entity Holding Company Limited has been determined by reference to the
                                       recoverable amount of these two main operating subsidiaries.
                                       The Committee considered management’s assessment of the recoverable amounts
                                       based on the value in use calculation, which was derived from management’s
                                       expectations of revenue in respect of MGG and the surplus capital available for
                                       distribution in respect of PAC.
                                       Management also considered alternative valuation techniques consistent with
                                       established valuation principles to determine the recoverable amount.
                                       As part of the review, the Committee also considered the loss recognised by the
                                       Company during the year on the transfer of MGG from the Company to M&G Group
                                       Regulated Holding Company Limited as part of a group reorganisation.
                                       Based on the review, the Committee concluded that there was sufficient evidence to
                                       support the view that no impairment was required.




                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 103
Audit Committee Report continued




Internal controls                               Further, during the COVID-19 pandemic     Effectiveness of risk management
                                                a monthly Critical Controls Dashboard     and internal controls
The Group Risk Management
                                                has been produced to provide the          The Audit Committee has considered
Framework sets out the Audit
                                                Board with comfort over the control       the outcome of the risk management
Committee’s responsibility for assisting
                                                environment by monitoring the key         and internal control effectiveness review
the Board in fulfilling its oversight
                                                risks and operation of the key controls   for 2020 which covered all material
responsibilities by reviewing and
                                                impacted with input from all three        controls, including financial, operational
monitoring the integrity of our financial
                                                lines of defence. In addition, the        and compliance controls, and the
reporting, including obligations for the
                                                critical incident response plans were     impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
effectiveness of our internal control and
                                                activated in March 2020, including        the control environment. The review
for risk management systems.
                                                frequent decision-making meetings of      identified a number of actions to further
During 2020, we carried out work                the priority incident response teams      enhance the risk management system
to further embed the Group-wide                 and oversight of the solvency and         and strengthen the overall control
Integrated Control Framework (ICF)              investment performance through the        environment, with a particular focus on
which, in combination with the “I Am            Executive Solvency Monitoring Group       further embedding the new consolidated
Managing Risk” programme discussed              and Investment Performance Risk           risk and control frameworks put in place
below, provides renewed focus on                Committee, respectively.                  across the Group over 2020.
risk culture and management across
                                                The Committee receives regular            The Risk and Audit Committees at Group
the Group. The ICF consolidates the
                                                reports regarding the status of the       and subsidiary level collectively monitor
previous multiple control frameworks
                                                control environment, including reviews    outstanding actions and embedding
into a single enterprise-wide control
                                                of the effectiveness of the Risk          plans in these and other areas, and
framework with a focus on key
                                                Management Framework, the status and      ensure sufficient resource and focus is
management, process and transactional
                                                assessment of any outstanding control     in place to resolve such actions within
level controls. The framework is
                                                deficiencies and results of internal      a reasonable timeframe. We receive
continuing to be embedded, with further
                                                compliance testing of controls over       regular reports enabling us to monitor
roll-out due in the first half of 2021 to
                                                financial reporting.                      outstanding issues, set parameters
focus on management self-assessing
and evidencing the design and operating         Risk management and internal              for reasonable closure and challenge
effectiveness of key controls.                  controls review process                   management to resolve issues in a
                                                                                          reasonable timeframe.
Our approach to risk culture is centred         We carry out a formal evaluation of
around the enterprise-wide programme            the systems of internal controls and      Whistleblowing policy
of “I Am Managing Risk”, which                  risk management at least once a year.     and framework
requires colleagues to take personal            The 2019 risk management and internal
                                                control effectiveness review operated     The Group is committed to a safe and
responsibility and accountability for
                                                in the same manner as for previous        inclusive workplace where all colleagues
identifying, assessing, managing and
                                                years when the Group was part of the      can speak out and report inappropriate
reporting risk and working together
                                                Prudential plc group. However, we         behaviour. The Board therefore
to do the right thing for our customers
                                                enhanced the review for 2020 to include   recognises the need for colleagues to
and clients, our stakeholders and
                                                the following:                            raise concerns on any issue in complete
our business in line with our Code of
                                                                                          confidence and without discrimination.
Conduct. This approach to risk culture is       – A single Group-wide internal control    Our Whistleblowing policy was updated
supported by the refreshed Operational            assessment with new assessments         in June incorporating changes to
Risk Policy, Framework, Standards and             from first line business areas in       improve alignment with our Values
associated training, which articulates            addition to those provided by the       and Behaviours, and assurances of the
how the business expects colleagues               second and third line teams;            whistleblower protections we have in
to positively manage risk.
                                                – Significantly improved control          place across the Group so anyone who
The new framework is underpinned                  environment and associated              does speak out feels safe and confident
with the introduction of a new Group-             management information and              in doing so. The Whistleblowing policy is
wide Governance, Risk and Compliance              assessment of significant control       supported by an independent external
(GRC) tool provided by MetricStream.              failings or weaknesses;                 service provider “Speak Out” which is
All colleagues have risk management             – Review and attestation of compliance    managed under the Group Financial
accountabilities as part of their core            with the Group Governance               Crime Compliance (GFCC) function and
objectives. Colleagues must follow the            Framework policy requirements for       owned by the Audit Committee with
“I Am Managing Risk” principles, which            the reporting period;                   oversight from the Board.
encourage openness and transparency
                                                – Review of the effectiveness
in order to self-identify risks and issues
                                                  of the Risk and Resilience and
to M&G plc and its subsidiaries.
                                                  Compliance Functions.




104 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
The GFCC investigates all cases of           The 2020 internal audit plan was              The Committee reviewed the external
whistleblowing using specialist advisers     revised at the end of Q2 in light of the      audit plan before the start of the 2020
as required. The Audit Committee             COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in a net         year end process commencing.
then reviews all information received        reduction of 11 internal audits from the



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                                                                           Effectiveness of external auditor
to ensure the process is working             plan, and the addition of nine pieces
correctly. Formal reporting to the Audit     of advisory assurance work that were          In liaison with Executive Management,
Committee occurs in January and July.        performed by Internal Audit. The 2021         the Committee will annually assess the
We are satisfied that the whistleblowing     audit plan was approved by the Audit          scope, fee, objectivity, independence
policies and procedures remain robust        Committee in December 2020 and will           and effectiveness of the external audit
and adequate.                                be reviewed and updated as required to        process and the performance of the
                                             reflect evolving assurance requirements       external auditor against agreed criteria
Internal Audit                               and priorities.                               at the outset of that year’s audit. This will
The Committee has a responsibility                                                         include feedback from senior ﬁnance
                                             The Committee receives regular                management across the Group and
to assess the effectiveness of the
                                             briefings from Internal Audit throughout      Committee members. The assessment
Internal Audit function and has
                                             the year.

                                                                                                                                           Governance
concluded that the function remains                                                        carried out in April 2020 considered
                                                                                           areas such as the overall quality of
effective. This section sets out the main    External Audit
monitoring activities that the Committee                                                   service, timeliness of the resolution of
                                             Oversight and engagement                      issues, the quality of the audit resource
considers in making its assessment.
                                             of external auditor                           and whether the audit plan was followed.
The primary objective of Internal Audit      KPMG has been the external auditor of         In assessing auditor effectiveness the
is to provide independent and objective      M&G plc businesses since 1999 as part         Committee also considers whether
assurance to the Board and Executive         of the external audit of Prudential plc and   the external auditor has appropriately
Management regarding the adequacy            their appointment was renewed for the         challenged management’s methodology
of the design and effectiveness of the       financial year ending 31 December 2020.       and assumptions and key accounting




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
Group’s systems of internal control,         The external audit is currently led by the    policy judgements and exercised
including risk management, governance        audit partner Stuart Crisp, who replaced      professional scepticism. Following the
and operational processes. This helps        Dan Cazeaux following the approval of         review of external audit performance
them protect the assets, reputation and      the 2019 Annual Report and Accounts           and effectiveness, the Committee
future sustainability of the Group.          in March 2020. Stuart completed a             recommended a resolution to
The Audit Committee approved the             detailed transition exercise with Dan.        shareholders to recommend KPMG
Group’s Internal Audit Charter in            This is in accordance with the Financial      for reappointment at the next Annual
October 2020, following an annual            Reporting Council (FRC) standards on          General Meeting.
review to assess its continued validity in   lead partner rotation.
                                                                                           Fees paid to the auditor
light of business developments, current      The Audit Committee provides clear            During the year ended 31 December
Internal Audit professional standards        guidance to KPMG on the Committee’s           2020 the total fees paid to



                                                                                                                                           Other information
and regulatory expectations.                 expectations and held two meetings            KPMG amounted to £12.1 million
The Chair of the Audit Committee is          with KPMG without management                  (2019: £19.8 million) of which £3.2 million
responsible for setting the objectives       present to give the audit team the            (2019: £11.8 million) related to non-audit
and reviewing the performance of the         opportunity to raise any concerns and         services. Non-audit service fees paid in
Chief Audit Officer (CAO), Ian Robinson.     remain independent and objective.             2019 included £9.9 million of fees paid
The CAO is directly accountable to the       The Audit Committee reviewed the              on behalf of the Company by Prudential
Audit Committee and has unfettered           Company’s Auditor Independence Policy         plc in relation to demerger. The total
access to both the Chairs of the             (including the provision of non-audit         fee paid also includes £0.3 million
Committee and the Board, as required,        services) in February and December            (2019: £0.3 million) of fees incurred
as well as Executive Management.             2020 and will continue to review the          in relation to the audit of the Group’s
                                             policy at least once a year. The policy       defined benefit pensions schemes.
Internal Audit adopts a risk-based           was updated to reflect the FRC’s Revised      A detailed breakdown of fees paid
audit cycle of work. This is based on        Ethical Standard 2019 and the expansion       to KPMG is given in Note 8 of the
an assessment of the inherent risk,          of the requirements applicable to             consolidated financial statements.
control environment, prior coverage,         the external auditor to include PwC
and a review of external factors such as     in preparation for their appointment          All non-audit services described
emerging industry themes, strategy and       as external auditor for the period            above were approved by the
Executive Management priorities.             commencing 1 January 2022. The main           Committee as required in line with
                                             purpose of the policy is to ensure            the Auditor Independence Policy
                                             that the Company does not engage              discussed above. We were satisfied
                                             the external auditor in any non-audit         that, considering the fees paid and
                                             services that are not permitted, complies     services provided under the policy, the
                                             with all other relevant regulation and        objectivity and independence of KPMG
                                             ethical guidance relating to relationships    was safeguarded.
                                             with the external auditor, and maintains
                                             a sufficient choice of appropriately
                                             qualified audit firms. The Committee is
                                             required to approve certain services in
                                             advance of any engagement.
                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 105
Audit Committee Report continued




Annual evaluation of Audit                                                                    A key part of the evaluation process
                                                 In Focus
Committee performance                                                                         was the presentation that each firm
An evaluation of the Committee’s                External audit tender                         made to the Panel, to talk through their
effectiveness was undertaken by                                                               proposition, allowing for a question
means of an internal questionnaire              The Audit Committee is responsible            and answer session with key members
circulated to each Committee member             for conducting the process to select          of each firm’s proposed audit team.
and regular attendees. The results              the external auditor and recommends           Follow-up questions were issued to
of the questionnaire were analysed              their appointment, re-appointment or          the firms to enable comparisons to
and collated by the Chair and                   removal to the Board for approval by our      be made. Separate submissions were
Company Secretary, with a report                shareholders at each Annual General           requested outlining proposed fees,
being produced and considered by all            Meeting (AGM). As disclosed in last           however, this did not form part of the
Committee members in February 2021.             year’s report, the Committee agreed           key decision criteria.
Further details are included in the Board       to put the external audit out to tender
                                                and that a new Independent Auditor            Assessment criteria
evaluation section of the Governance
Report on page 96.                              should be appointed for the audit of          The core focus of the evaluation
                                                our 2022 Annual Report and Accounts.          and selection criteria was on audit
Priorities for 2021                             The tender process ran from July 2020         quality. The criteria against which
The Committee’s main priorities for 2021        to October 2020 and was managed in            the firms were evaluated were:
are as follows:                                 compliance with statutory requirements        service proposition, organisational fit,
                                                and guidance issued by the FRC.               capability, understanding, behaviours
– to consider the ongoing impact of                                                           and deliverables, value add practices
  COVID-19 on both financial reporting          Initial assessment
                                                                                              and technology.
  and controls;                                 A letter communicating our intention
                                                to tender was sent to out to all              Recommendation and decision
– continue to embed the Group-wide
  Integrated Control Framework, focusing        ‘Big Four’ audit firms (excluding             At the Committee meeting in October
  on management self-assessing and              KPMG as the incumbent) as well as             2020, the Panel presented its findings
  evidencing design and operating               a selection of mid-tier audit firms.          based on the outcomes from the
  effectiveness of key controls;                Following an initial assessment of the        management meetings, review of the
                                                firms that responded to this letter           RFP responses, the presentations and
– oversee management’s progress
                                                it was determined that the three              responses to follow-up questions.
  and ensure the Committee have
                                                eligible ‘Big Four’ firms would be            After considering the findings and
  undergone the right groundwork for
                                                invited to participate in the Company’s       debate, the conclusion was that
  IFRS 17 which comes into effect on
                                                Request for Proposal (RFP) exercise.          PwC had scored highest across the
  1 January 2023;
                                                The RFP was issued to Ernst &                 selection criteria consistently through
– oversee the auditor handover                  Young LLP (EY), Deloitte LLP and              all three evaluation channels.
  process from KPMG to PwC, and                 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC)
  PwC’s independence readiness, in                                                            Based on this information, the
                                                on 1 July 2020.
  preparation for their appointment                                                           Committee recommended two firms
  as external auditor for the period            Process                                       to the Board with PwC identified as the
  commencing 1 January 2022 subject             The tender was led by an Evaluation           first choice. We noted that the strength
  to approval at the 2021 AGM; and              and Selection Panel (the Panel)               and depth of the PwC team’s experience
                                                comprising Clare Thompson (Chair),            of the asset management and insurance
– keep a focus on the controls topics
                                                Clive Adamson, the CFO, the deputy            industries was evidenced throughout
  most relevant to our industry,
                                                CFO, and the Director of Group                the evaluation process and supported
  in particular cyber security and
                                                Reporting. The firms were given               confidence that PwC would perform
  financial crime.
                                                access to a virtual data room providing       a high quality audit. Therefore, the
                                                information to help them understand           Board agreed to appoint PwC as the
                                                our business and the scope of the             Group’s external auditor for the period
                                                audit. Firms were provided with an            commencing 1 January 2022, subject to
                                                opportunity to ask questions via the          shareholder approval at the 2021 AGM.
                                                virtual data room, with the responses         Transition
                                                given to all firms to help ensure the
                                                                                              PwC will shadow KPMG during their
                                                process was fair and transparent.
                                                                                              audit of the Group’s 2021 Annual
                                                Due to the impact of COVID-19, firms
                                                                                              Report and Accounts. The Auditor
                                                attended management meetings
                                                                                              Independence Policy was applied to
                                                virtually in place of face-to-face site
                                                                                              PwC from 1 December 2020 to ensure
                                                visits. This allowed access to and
                                                                                              their independence at appointment.
                                                information from the business teams
                                                that will be heavily involved in the audit,   The Company has complied with the
                                                and to enable a proper understanding          Statutory Audit Services for Large
                                                of the business. All firms met with the       Companies Market Investigation
                                                same management team members.                 (Mandatory Use of Competitive Tender
                                                Each firm submitted a proposal                Processes and Audit Committee
                                                document in line with the requirements        Responsibilities) Order 2014 for the
                                                outlined in the RFP.                          year ended 31 December 2020.

106 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Risk Committee Report




                                              Role and responsibilities                      – Reviewing the Group Own Risk
   Risk                                       of the Risk Committee                            and Solvency Assessment (ORSA)

   Committee                                  The Committee is responsible for                 and overseeing the Internal Capital



                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
                                              assisting the Board in its oversight of          Adequacy Assessment Process
   Report                                     risk, including but not limited to:
                                              – Advising the Board on the Group’s
                                                                                               (ICAAP) and ORSA processes in
                                                                                               our subsidiaries.
                                                overall risk appetite, risk tolerances       – In conjunction with the Audit
                                                and risk strategy.                             Committee, ensuring compliance
                                              – Reviewing the Group’s Risk                     with regulatory requirements.
                                                Management Framework and advising            – Advising the Remuneration
                                                the Board on its overall effectiveness.        Committee on risk and control
                                              – Approving the Group’s risk policies            issues that may impact remuneration
                                                and/or recommending to the Board               strategy in any given year including
                                                approval of the Group’s risk policies.         adjustments to individual incentives.


                                                                                                                                             Governance
                                              – Inputting into the Audit Committee’s               The Risk Committee’s terms of reference
 Clive Adamson                                  review of effectiveness of the Group’s             www.mandgplc.com
 Committee Chair                                Integrated Control Framework.                      Membership and meeting attendance
                                              – Reviewing the effectiveness of the                 Page 81
                                                Group’s Internal Model including
                                                stress testing.




                                                                                                                                             Financial information
Dear Shareholder                              updates from both the first and second         Review of current
                                              lines of defence.                              and emerging risks
As you will see from our Areas of
focus, this year’s risk agenda has been       A key priority for 2021 is to continue         The Committee is responsible for
dominated by COVID-19. As Chair, I have       to embed sustainability and                    reviewing the Group’s Risk Management
been proud to see the careful work of the     ESG into all aspects of our Risk               Framework and internal control process,
Committee to understand and analyse the       Management Framework.                          further details of which can be found
impact of COVID-19 across our risk profile,
                                              Moving on to people and our roles, the         on pages 66 to 76 together with a list
from financial to operational risk and
                                              work of this Committee has been made           of the Group’s principal risks and how
resilience, and think deeply about how it
                                              more robust by my role as Chair of the         those risks are identified, managed
affects all our stakeholders. We allowed
                                              Risk Committee of PAC allowing me a            and mitigated. The Committee is
extra meeting time to dedicate to this.
                                              wider oversight of risk issues in the Group.   satisfied that its review, and subsequent



                                                                                                                                             Other information
Working through a pandemic has                                                               reporting to the Board, enabled the
                                              The Committee works closely with the           Board to carry out a robust assessment
also led to the development of more
                                              Audit and Remuneration Committees              of the Group’s emerging and
agile and meaningful information from
                                              and the cross-membership principles            principal risks.
management, which supports the
                                              that we follow ensure all Non-Executives
Committee’s work and answers questions
for our regulators. This was a strong area
                                              have the right information provided            Regulatory affairs
                                              in the most efficient way – the Risk           The Director of Public Policy and
of progress for the Committee this year.
                                              and Audit Chairs are members of                Regulation, who has responsibility for
As a Committee, we want to support the        each others’ Committees and the                all regulatory affairs and compliance
business by monitoring the risks where        Remuneration Chair.                            matters, attends at all meetings,
it matters most. To do this, we have                                                         and produces a written report to the
                                              My thanks go to Caroline Silver who
implemented a schedule of deep dives                                                         Committee. The report covers both
                                              stepped down from the Committee on
at each Committee meeting which allow                                                        functional programmes to support
                                              27 May 2020 and to Robin Lawther who
us to hear more from specific functions                                                      compliance, such as PA Dealing and
                                              is stepping down on 15 March 2021.
or business areas. We particularly value                                                     Whistleblowing, and issues that have
                                              We welcome Clare Chapman to the
these sessions as they allow us to meet                                                      arisen such as breaches to Policies,
                                              Committee from 15 March 2021.
more of the senior team around the                                                           with information as to how these are
Group and see first hand some of the          I’d also like to thank Julian Adams, our       being addressed. The report also
day-to-day challenge between the first        Director of Public Policy and Regulation,      covers a range of regulatory relationship
and second lines of defence.                  who undertook the role of Interim Chief        updates, including key issues arising
                                              Risk and Resilience Officer (CRRO)             from supervisory meetings, information
Deep dives over 2020 included:
                                              between February and December                  requests, and reviews or reports
Fund Liquidity Oversight; Investment
                                              2020 and to welcome Peter Grewal,              that the Group is working on with its
Performance; Credit Risk; Technology
                                              who joined us in January as the new            regulators. The Director of Public Policy
and Information Security; and HR/People.
                                              Group CRRO. The Committee is already           and Regulation is also available for
Given the Group’s ongoing transformation      working closely with Peter and we look         the Committee to consult regarding
in 2020, the Committee is also closely        forward to his contribution in 2021.           any other agenda items that have a
monitoring the management of change           Clive Adamson                                  regulatory aspect.
risk across the business with regular         Committee Chair

                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 107
Risk Committee Report continued




 Areas of focus in 2020
 The Risk Committee held 10 meetings during 2020: seven regular scheduled meetings and three held jointly with the
 Audit Committee.
 Group risk                         The Committee has reviewed regular reports from the Chief Risk and Resilience Officer
 appetite, tolerance,               (CRRO) and the Director of Public Policy and Regulation including updates on the risk profile,
 profile and strategy               key risks and issues facing the Group, the Group’s capital and liquidity position against
                                    appetite, the control environment, and operational risks including customer and regulatory
                                    risks. The Committee also received regular reports from subsidiary Board Risk Committees.
                                    During 2020, a key area of focus was the financial and non-financial risk impact of COVID-19. The
                                    Committee considered the impact on markets and the associated financial risks, and reviewed
                                    and recommended to the Board a range of economic scenarios for business planning purposes.
                                    The Committee also oversaw the Company’s response to the impact of COVID-19, including
                                    remote working arrangements on the effective operation of key business processes and
                                    controls, establishing a specific regular report for this purpose.
                                    The Committee regularly reviewed and provided advice to the Board on the assessment
                                    and analysis of the management of the principle financial and non-financial risks faced by
                                    the Group. The Committee also was provided with detailed deep-dive reviews of a number
                                    of individual key risks including credit risk, investment performance risk and investment
                                    due diligence, technology and information security risk, people risk and regulatory risk. The
                                    Committee received presentations from Executives on key risks under their management
                                    and regular updates on business transformation activities and key programmes including
                                    the operational resilience capabilities across the Group.
 Group Risk Management              As part of our annual review of the Group Risk Management Framework, the Committee
 Framework and                      reviewed and approved the Group’s risk policies. The Committee reviewed and recommended
 internal controls                  to the Board for approval, updates to the Group’s financial risk appetite and individual risk
                                    limits and reviewed the outcome of stress and scenario testing for the 2021-2024 business
                                    plan. The Committee, in conjunction with the Group Audit Committee, also reviewed and
                                    approved enhancements to the Group’s internal control and operational risk framework
                                    including non-financial risk appetites.
 Risk models and measures           The Committee, in conjunction with the Group Audit Committee, reviewed and approved
                                    the overall methodology and key assumptions for the Solvency II valuation and reviewed the
                                    overall effectiveness of the Group’s Internal Model by reviewing and approving the results of
                                    the annual programme of Solvency II Internal Model validation. The Committee also approved
                                    the Internal Model validation plan for the forthcoming year.
 Regulatory matters                 The Committee reviewed and recommended for approval to the Board, the Group’s ORSA
                                    and in conjunction with the Audit Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board for
                                    approval regulatory and public Solvency II disclosures. The Committee also received updates
                                    on emerging regulations, regulatory risks and other regulatory matters arising during
                                    the year.
 Compliance and fraud               The Committee reviewed and approved updates on a number of Group-wide policies
                                    including those relating to regulatory compliance risk, tax risk, privacy and data protection,
                                    conduct risk, market abuse, fraud risk, bribery, corruption and tax evasion risks, and
                                    anti-money laundering, terrorist financing and sanctions risks.
 Remuneration                       The Committee advised the Remuneration Committee on risk management considerations
                                    to be taken into account regarding Remuneration Policy performance measures including
                                    risk adjustments to the incentive pool and individual incentive packages.




Annual evaluation of Risk                       Priorities for 2021                          – Oversee the embedding and
Committee performance                                                                          maintenance of a supportive risk
                                                The Committee’s main priorities for 2021       culture across the Group; and
We review the effectiveness of the              are as follows:
Committee annually by means of an                                                            – Oversee the continued
                                                – Monitor the ongoing impact of                implementation and embedding
internal questionnaire circulated to
                                                  COVID-19 on our risk profile in both         of the Group’s Risk Management
each Committee member. The results
                                                  the short and longer-term;                   Framework, in particular in relation
of the questionnaire were analysed
and collated by the Chair and Company           – Continue to embed sustainability             to operational risk.
Secretary, with a report being produced           and ESG into our Risk                      Details of Committee members’ relevant
and considered by all Committee                   Management Framework;                      skills and experience and attendance
members on 22 February 2021.                    – Keep a focus on the risk areas most        at Committee meetings are shown in
Outcomes arising from the report                  relevant to our industry, including both   the Corporate Governance report on
will contribute to the 2021 work plan.            financial and operational resilience;      pages 81 to 83.
We will review progress against these
throughout the year.


108 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Directors’ Remuneration Report




   In this section                          Remuneration at a glance
                                            Single figure remuneration



                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
                                            Director share interests and other payments
                                            Remuneration arrangements throughout the Company
                                            Statement of implementation of the Remuneration Policy in 2021
                                            Other related disclosures



                                            Role and responsibilities of the                  The Remuneration

   Directors’                               Remuneration Committee                            Committee’s terms
                                                                                              of reference

   Remuneration                             Deciding the framework of the
                                            remuneration policies: Establishing,
                                                                                              www.mandgplc.com



                                                                                                                                        Governance
   Report                                   approving and maintaining the principles
                                            and framework of the remuneration
                                                                                              Membership and
                                                                                              meeting attendance
                                                                                              Page 81
                                            policies of the Group; and
                                            Remuneration: Determining the
                                            design, implementation and operation
                                            of remuneration arrangements for
                                            the Chair of the Board, the Executive
                                            Directors, Group Executive Committee,
                                            individuals identified as Solvency II




                                                                                                                                        Financial information
                                            staff and Material Risk Takers under
                                            remuneration regulations that apply to
 Robin Lawther, CBE                         the Group and overseeing remuneration
 Committee Chair                            for individuals whose total remuneration
                                            exceeds an amount determined by the
                                            Committee from time to time.




Dear Shareholder                            Our financial results represent a strong    We remained on track to meet our
                                            and resilient performance despite the       2025 ambition to have 40% female
On behalf of the Board and its



                                                                                                                                        Other information
                                            challenging economic environment,           representation within the leadership
Remuneration Committee, I am pleased
                                            and demonstrate the benefits of being       team by achieving the 2020 gender
to present the Directors’ Remuneration
                                            an asset manager and an asset owner,        target. The 2020 One Voice survey
Report for the year ended 31 December
                                            together with our proven track record       returned good results including a
2020. This is our second report
                                            in delivering management actions.           Sustainable Engagement outcome of
following our listing on the London Stock
                                            Our Savings and Asset Management            80%, well above the maximum of the
Exchange as a FTSE 100 company on
                                            segment’s financial performance was         scorecard range. Our transformation
21 October 2019, and the first full year
                                            impacted by net outflows from our Retail    continued to deliver better customer
under our Directors’ Remuneration
                                            Asset Management business driven by         outcomes leveraging technology which,
Policy, approved by shareholders on
                                            weak investment performance in our          as the pandemic hit, gave us an ability
27 May 2020.
                                            retail businesses. However, this was        to continue to serve our customers
Performance delivered                       partly offset by the Institutional Asset    and clients. We set ambitious targets
and incentive outcomes in                   Management business performing              for digital enablement, not all of which,
                                            well, reflecting excellent investment       despite good progress, we were able
an extraordinary year
                                            performance and the appeal of our           to attain. Migrating customers onto
2020 has been an extraordinary year         innovative investment solutions.            modern systems continued in 2020 –
with the outbreak of COVID-19 having a      Our Heritage segment again produced         which resulted in a small increase in our
significant impact on our business and      stable results. Total capital generation    net promoter scores as we transitioned
the wider economy. This has been a          was strong for 2020, despite the volatile   the service to new systems, but the
severe test of our capabilities, however,   market conditions, reflecting our           improvements were not as significant
the Company responded quickly with          focus on the delivery of management         as we targeted.
a rapid move to home working for            actions to protect the balance sheet.
all colleagues, helping to ensure we        Total capital generation underpins
continued to operate with minimal           our dividend.
disruption to customers and clients.




                                                                                        M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 109
Directors’ Remuneration Report continued
Remuneration Chair statement


The 2020 Short-Term Incentive (STI)             In determining the appropriateness of      Consideration of pay
delivered an outcome of 59.4% of                the 2020 variable pay outcomes, the        and conditions across
maximum opportunity for both Executive          Committee also considered a number
Directors (compared to outcomes of              of factors, including:
                                                                                           the wider workforce
64.3% and 60% for the Chief Executive                                                      The Committee takes careful
                                                – The experience for M&G’s shareholders    consideration of pay and conditions
and Chief Financial Officer in 2019).
                                                  – the Committee noted our relative       for the wider workforce in the normal
The outcomes were primarily driven by:
                                                  Total Shareholder Return since the       course of its duties. This is also a
– total capital generation (excluding             Company listed in October 2019,          key input when determining salary
  market movements) of £1,113m, above             which has performed in line or better    reviews and incentive outcomes for
  the maximum performance level;                  than the FTSE 100 Index and our FTSE     the Executive Directors. The key
– adjusted operating profit before tax            100 Financial Services peers over        indicators considered by the Committee
  (including restructuring costs) of              the period, as well as our continued     as part of its 2020 year-end decision-
  £715m, slightly below target reflecting         commitment to our policy for a stable    making included:
  the net client outflows in Retail Asset         or increasing dividend.
                                                                                           – The Chief Executive Total
  Management combined with the                  – The experience of M&G’s employees –
                                                                                             Remuneration Ratio, which was
  downward pressure on retail margins;            the Committee noted that the Group
                                                                                             45:1 in 2020 at median (down from
– there was a reduction in the                    did not join the UK Government’s
                                                                                             58:1 in 2019);
  With-Profits Fund’s per policy                  furlough scheme and has not made
                                                  any compulsory redundancies due          – The year-on-year percentage change
  renewal expenses to the maximum
                                                  to the pandemic. Colleagues were           in incentive and total remuneration
  performance level, due to the amount
                                                  provided with extensive support            outcomes for 2020 for the Executive
  spent on our transformation activities
                                                  during the year, including financial       Directors were significantly lower
  being lower in 2020 than planned,
                                                  assistance with home office set-up         than the increases for the average
  with benefits remaining on track, and
                                                  and the cost of home working, a            colleague; and
  strong With-Profits Fund investment
  performance, slightly above target,             broad range of health and wellbeing      – The salary increase budget of 2.0%
  which given the current volatile                resources and flexible working to          in 2021 across the UK workforce,
  economic environment demonstrates               support parents and carers. This focus     compared to the Executive Directors
  the unique strength and diversification         on colleague wellbeing and culture         who received no increases.
  of the Fund; and                                reflected in our improved employee
                                                                                           These indicators gave the Committee
                                                  engagement score for 2020.
– good performance in relation to non-                                                     assurance that the incentive outcomes
  financial elements relating to people,        – Risk and conduct performance of the      and trends in total remuneration for
  customer and digital, although not all          business – the Committee received        the Executive Directors were fair and
  targets in the scorecard were met.              an independent review of the control     reasonable when compared to wider
                                                  environment and risk issues by the       workforce experience over the period.
The 2018 LTIP awards covered the                  Chief Risk and Resilience Officer, as
period 2018 to 2020 and will vest at              well as input from the Risk Committee    Our mean gender pay gap increased in
59.6% for the Chief Executive and 82.4%           and the subsidiary boards for PAC        2020 to 30.5% from 25.0% in 2019 and
for the Chief Financial Officer (compared         and MGG. The Committee noted             our mean gender bonus gap decreased
to the 2017 LTIP vesting of 63.5%                 the progress made in improving the       to 70.8% from 72.1% in 2019. These pay
and 90.8% in 2019). The difference in             control environment whilst observing     gaps are larger than we would like
outcomes for the Executive Directors              that this remained a focus area for      them to be and are primarily driven
is a result of the different performance          future improvement.                      by the shape of our organisation with
measures in their LTIP scorecards, which                                                   a higher proportion of men in senior
reflected their roles within Prudential         Taking all the above into consideration,   roles versus women. The demerger
plc at the time of grant. Profit measure        the Committee considered it appropriate    from Prudential plc in late 2019 also
outcomes were between threshold and             to make no adjustments to the formulaic    impacted the gender pay gap data and
target, whilst the capital, diversity and       outcome of the 2020 incentives for         contributed towards the increase in the
conduct/culture measure outcomes                Executive Directors. Further details of    base pay gap. A number of executive
were all at, or close to, maximum levels.       the incentive schemes and outcomes         and senior leaders transferred from
The Committee took consideration                are provided in the main report.           our former Parent Company or were
of a review from the Chief Risk and                                                        recruited externally to perform roles
Resilience Officer, with input from                                                        which had not previously been required.
the Risk Committee, in respect of the                                                      A large proportion of these roles, on
conduct/culture measure.                                                                   senior reward packages, are filled by
                                                                                           men. We are committed to a range of
                                                                                           initiatives and continue to make progress
                                                                                           toward our 2025 senior management
                                                                                           gender diversity goal of 40%.




110 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Implementation of the policy                 In terms of financial measures,                Changes to the
                                             for the 2021 STI scorecard, we will            Committee and advisors
Long-term incentive
                                             be introducing an asset-weighted
awards granted in 2020                                                                      We undertook a formal tender process
                                             investment performance measure in



                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
In April 2020 we granted our first                                                          to appoint an ongoing advisor in the
                                             respect of our retail, wholesale and
LTIP awards under the new M&G plc                                                           second half of 2020 (as indicated in the
                                             institutional funds with a 5% weighting,
Performance Share Plan which were                                                           2019 report). During the process, the
                                             alongside the With-Profits Fund
made at a relatively low grant price of                                                     intention to appoint PwC as external
                                             investment performance measure
£1.135. At the end of the performance                                                       auditor to the Company for the period
                                             with a reduced weighting of 5%.
period we are committed to reviewing                                                        commencing 1 January 2022 was
                                             This will enable a wider view of fund
the overall vesting levels to ensure                                                        announced and PwC were therefore
                                             investment performance. For the 2021
that windfall gains will not be received.                                                   required to withdraw their proposal.
                                             LTIP scorecard, we have replaced total
This will be monitored closely, and a                                                       After careful consideration Deloitte were
                                             capital generation with operating capital
detailed disclosure will be made at this                                                    chosen as advisor to the Committee,
                                             generation. This is a key performance
time on the conclusions reached.                                                            being formally appointed from
                                             measure for the Company and is
                                                                                            2 December 2020. I would like to take

                                                                                                                                            Governance
Salary review and Incentive                  considered a more appropriate measure
                                                                                            this opportunity to thank PwC for their
plan measures for 2021                       to employ during a period with the
                                                                                            invaluable support and advice through
                                             potential for significant market volatility.
No salary increases are proposed to be                                                      2019 and 2020.
                                             The weighting on capital generation
awarded to the Executive Directors in
                                             has been reduced to 50% (from 60%)             We have had a number of changes to the
2021, in line with other senior leaders
                                             and Relative TSR to 25% (from 40%)             Committee over the year. Caroline Silver
in the business. This compared to a
                                             to accommodate the new non-                    stepped down from the Board on 27 May
2% salary review budget for the wider
                                             financial measures.                            2020 and I would like to thank Caroline
workforce (with some variations in
our international locations to reflect                                                      for her invaluable contribution to the
                                             Although the policy gives the Committee
                                                                                            Committee through the demerger and




                                                                                                                                            Financial information
market conditions). Some changes             flexibility to review and amend
have been made to the performance                                                           listing and our first Policy and Annual
                                             incentive plan measures annually
scorecards for 2021 incentives. In our                                                      Report disclosures. Massimo Tosato
                                             within prescribed limits, meaningful
first implementation of the Directors’                                                      and Fiona Clutterbuck joined the Board
                                             engagement with shareholders on
Remuneration Policy for 2020 the                                                            and Committee on 1 April 2020 and
                                             Directors’ remuneration is a high
Committee focused on metrics that                                                           9 October 2020 respectively. They bring
                                             priority. We contacted shareholders
were available and could be clearly and                                                     a diversity of thought and wealth of skills
                                             representing over 50% of our register
transparently defined and measured.                                                         and experience to the Committee.
                                             in January to advise of the intended
We acknowledged that some aspects            changes and to invite feedback.                Also, as announced on 19 June 2020,
of non-financial performance would           The feedback received primarily                I will shortly be stepping down from
not be represented in the incentive          emphasised the importance of the               the Board and my role as Chair of the
plan outcomes (unless an event               rationale for all measures being



                                                                                                                                            Other information
                                                                                            Remuneration Committee and welcome
necessitated downward discretion) and        clearly explained with transparent and         Clare Chapman, who joins as incoming
that this should be kept under review.       measurable performance objectives.             Chair of the Remuneration Committee.
I signposted last year that the measures     The Committee has carefully considered         I would like to extend thanks and warm
would be subject to further review           this feedback in the final design process.     appreciation to my fellow Committee
for 2021.                                                                                   members for their expertise and
                                             Finally, we anticipate that new regulatory
In doing so, we have introduced                                                             guidance over the past years, as well as
                                             requirements under the Investment
non-financial measures to incentivise                                                       to all our stakeholders with whom we
                                             Firm Prudential Regime will apply from
effective risk management, align with                                                       have interacted.
                                             1 January 2022. We will assess the
our sustainability objectives and retain a   impact of the final rules as part of the       To close, the Committee was happy
strong alignment to customer outcomes,       Committee’s activities during 2021.            with the level of shareholder support
diversity, engagement and culture.           At this time we do not anticipate that this    (95%) for the Policy in 2020, following
                                             will require a change to the operation of      consultation with almost half of our
We have retained a 30% weighting for
                                             the Policy for the Executive Directors.        shareholder base, which provided
non-financial measures in the 2021 STI
scorecard, consisting of three equally                                                      valuable feedback. Our initial
weighted categories. We have replaced                                                       remuneration report for 2019, including
digital enablement with a measure for                                                       our intended implementation of the
Risk and Controls and retained the                                                          policy for 2020, also received a strong
Customer and People/Culture measures.                                                       level of support.
For the 2021 LTIP, we have introduced                                                       On behalf of the Remuneration
a non-financial scorecard, with 25%                                                         Committee, I would like to thank
weighting, comprising Risk and                                                              you again and respectfully ask
Conduct, Diversity and Sustainability.                                                      for your continued support at the
Further details of these measures are                                                       upcoming AGM.
provided in the report.
                                                                                            Robin Lawther, CBE
                                                                                            Committee Chair




                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 111
Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Remuneration at a glance
This section provides an overview                 management across the Company.                  goals. The Committee takes a range
of the remuneration outcomes for                  In 2021 we have introduced specific             of internal and external factors into
our Executive Directors in 2020, the              risk, conduct and controls measures             consideration, including external
Directors’ Remuneration Policy and                to the STI and LTIP scorecards                  benchmarking, trends in the CEO
our implementation decisions for                  to reinforce and incentivise an                 ratio and change in pay relative to
2021. The key principles underpinning             appropriate risk management                     the wider workforce to ensure that
the policy and its implementation are             culture. In addition, the Chief Risk and        the remuneration packages and
shown at the beginning of the full policy         Resilience Officer and Risk Committee           outcomes for the Executive Directors
section on page 138. Through our                  provide independent input to the                are appropriate.
implementation and operation of the               Remuneration Committee annually to           – Remuneration supports our purpose
policy we ensure that:                            help with the assessment of scheme             and values to build a safe, respectful
                                                  design and outcomes to ensure that             and inclusive culture across the
– Remuneration is simple and
                                                  they are consistent with our risk              Company. In 2021 non-financial
  transparent, including incentive
                                                  management principles and policies             measures in the incentive scorecards
  plan awards with clearly defined
                                                  (further information on this process           include alignment to the culture
  and, wherever possible, quantitative
                                                  can be found on page 136).                     programme goals and milestones,
  performance measures that give
  clarity to shareholders on the                – Remuneration opportunity and                   the sustainable engagement index
  performance required to deliver                 outcomes are predictable and                   score outcome from our 2021 One
  threshold, target and maximum                   proportionate for the roles and                Voice survey and a diversity target
  outcomes. If the Committee applies              responsibilities of our Executive              for our senior leadership population.
  discretion to the outcomes of awards,           Directors and the performance                  In 2020 we launched a new Code
  this will be clearly explained in the           delivered. Packages have clearly               of Conduct and failure to meet the
  relevant remuneration report.                   defined target and maximum                     required standards will be reflected in
                                                  opportunity with performance                   personal performance assessments
– Incentive outcomes have strong
                                                  objectives directly aligned to our             and incentive outcomes.
  alignment to effective risk
                                                  business planning and strategic

Overview of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy
The following chart shows the operation of the key elements of our Directors’ Remuneration Policy, which was approved by
shareholders at our 2020 AGM. Summary details of the Policy are provided in the next section (all amounts in £’000):
    Total Target          Total Max
   Chief Executive:     Chief Executive:
     £3,951                £6,327
    Chief Financial      Chief Financial
       Officer:             Officer:
     £1,930                £3,149
                              LTIP
                        Chief Executive:
  Note: the maximum          250%                                                  3-year                            2-year
     ‘exceptional’                                                              performance                         retention
   (only to be used     Chief Financial
                            Officer:                                               period                 Shares     period      Shares
    in year of hire)
                             225%                                                                          vest                 released
      LTIP award
       is 400%




         LTIP
                              STI
   Chief Executive:     Chief Executive:             1-year           50%
       132.5%                                     performance       awarded
                             250%
   Chief Financial                                   period          in cash
                        Chief Financial
       Officer:
                            Officer:
       119.3%                                                                           3-year
                             225%
                                                                                    deferral period
         STI                                                           50%
                                                                    awarded                               Shares
   Chief Executive:                                                                                        vest
                                                                    in shares
        125%
   Chief Financial
       Officer:
       112.5%
       Pension              Pension                 Pension
        13%                  13%                     13%
       Benefits             Benefits                Benefits
       Salary               Salary                  Salary
   Chief Executive:     Chief Executive:        Chief Executive:
        £980                 £980                    £980
   Chief Financial      Chief Financial         Chief Financial
       Officer:             Officer:                Officer:
        £558                 £558                    £558

        Target             Maximum              Performance year     Year 0       Year 1        Year 2     Year 3      Year 4      Year 5


112 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Summary of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy and 2021 implementation
Remuneration element      2020                                                2021
and time horizon          Policy summary                                      Implementation




                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
Base Pay                  Operation                                                                 Effective    Effective
                                                                                                       1 April      1 April
                          Reviewed annually – any increases take effect                                  2021        2020              %
                          from 1 April each year.                                                           £            £       increase

                          Opportunity                                         John Foley           980,000       980,000          +0.0%
’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25
                          There are no prescribed maximum salary levels.      Clare Bousfield      558,200       558,200          +0.0%
                          The Committee considers a range of internal         Wider workforce
                          and external factors to ensure that base salaries   2021 (budget)                                       +2.0%
                          are appropriate.
                          Performance
                          Individual and Company performance will be


                                                                                                                                             Governance
                          taken into consideration.

Benefits                  Operation
                          Reviewed periodically against market practice       – Life, disability and critical illness insurance
                          taking consideration of benefits offered to         – Private health insurance (including spouse and
                          colleagues across the Company.                        dependants) and annual health assessment
’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25
                          Opportunity                                         – Eligibility to participate in the Company
                          Where applicable, maximum levels are                  Sharesave and Share Incentive Plan (SIP)




                                                                                                                                             Financial information
                          prescribed by the terms of the benefit provider     – The Chief Executive has grandfathered
                          or HMRC limits. Costs are monitored to ensure         entitlement to a car/driver, international medical
                          they remain reasonable for the benefit/               cover and security costs from employment with
                          service provided.                                     Prudential plc
                          Performance
                          There are no performance measures.

Pension                   Operation                                                                        Contribution       Contribution
                                                                                                                  2021               2020
                          Defined contribution pension participation
                          or cash in lieu.                                    John Foley                          13%                13%




                                                                                                                                             Other information
                                                                              Clare Bousfield                     13%                13%
’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25   Opportunity
                          13% of base salary per annum, aligned with
                          the wider workforce.
                          Performance
                          There are no performance measures.




                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 113
Directors’ Remuneration Report continued
Remuneration at a glance


Remuneration element           2020                                                2021
and time horizon               Policy summary                                      Implementation

Short-term                     Operation
incentives (STI)               An annual incentive award subject to performance    Financial measures comprise 70% and non-
                               conditions assessed at the end of the calendar      financial measures 30% of the 2021 STI scorecard
                               year. Performance outcomes are subject to a         (see page 133 for details). There were no changes
                               discretionary downward risk adjustment. 50%         to target and maximum STI opportunity as a % of
         Deferral period       of any STI payable is deferred into shares with a   base salary for 2021:
’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25        three-year vesting period. Malus and clawback                                  Target STI    Maximum
                               provisions apply to cash and deferred STI.                                             %        STI %
                                                                                                                   2021         2021
                               Opportunity
                                                                                   John Foley                    125%         250%
                               Up to a maximum of 250% of base salary, subject     Clare Bousfield              112.5%        225%
                               to performance. A threshold, target and maximum
                               performance level is established for each award
                               with a 0% outcome for threshold performance
                               and 50% outcome for target performance.
                               Performance
                               Performance scorecards comprise a
                               combination of financial and non-financial
                               measures aligned to the Company’s
                               strategic objectives and financial goals.
                               Financial measures must comprise a minimum
                               of 50% of the scorecard.

Long-term                      Operation
incentives (LTIP)              LTIP awards over M&G plc shares are normally        Financial measures comprise 75% (Cumulative
                               granted annually subject to performance             operating capital generation comprises 50% and
                               conditions assessed at the end of a three-          Relative TSR 25%) and non-financial measures
                               year vesting period. Vested shares are              25% of the 2021 LTIP scorecard (see page 134 for
                     Holding
                     period    subject to a two-year holding period.               details). There were no changes to maximum LTIP
’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25        Performance outcomes are subject to a               opportunity as a % of base salary for 2021:
                               discretionary downward risk adjustment.                                                      Maximum
                               Malus and clawback provisions apply to the                                                     LTIP %
                               awards over the five-year period.                                                                2021
                                                                                   John Foley                                 250%
                               Opportunity
                                                                                   Clare Bousfield                            225%
                               Up to a maximum of 250% of base salary,
                               subject to performance. Threshold, target and
                               maximum performance levels are established
                               for each award.
                               Performance
                               Performance scorecards comprise a
                               combination of financial and non-financial
                               measures aligned to the Company’s
                               strategic objectives and financial goals.
                               Financial measures (including TSR) must
                               comprise a minimum of 75% of the scorecard.




114 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Shareholding requirements
The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer must attain a shareholding requirement of 300% and 200% of base salary
respectively within five years. Vested shares must be held until the requirement is met (unless there are exceptional



                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
circumstances). Unvested shares not subject to performance conditions count towards the requirement on a net-of-tax basis.
In addition, shares subject to the shareholding requirement must be held in full for two years post-employment.
At 31 December 2020 the shareholding for each Executive Director was as follows:
Name                                      Guidelines                                                        Shares at 31 December 2020
John Foley                                300% of base salary                                                                  271.4%
Clare Bousfield                           200% of base salary                                                                    81.1%

2020 Performance outcomes
The performance scorecards for 2020 STI were the same for both Executive Directors. For the 2018 LTIP the performance
scorecards were different, as explained in detail in the annual remuneration report from page 120. Taking consideration of a


                                                                                                                                            Governance
range of factors as outlined in the Remuneration Chair Statement, the Committee was satisfied that the plans had operated
as intended and no adjustments were applied to the formulaic outcomes. The component and total outcome of the scorecards
were as follows:
2020 STI – % of maximum opportunity
                                                                              Financial          Non-Financial               Overall STI
                                                                              Measures              Measures                  Outcome
John Foley            2020                                                     64.0%                   48.7%                    59.4%
                      2019                                                     56.9%                   93.8%                    64.3%
Clare Bousfield       2020                                                     64.0%                   48.7%                    59.4%




                                                                                                                                            Financial information
                      2019                                                      46.7%                  80.0%                    60.0%

2018 LTIP – % of maximum opportunity
                                                        Financial                          Capital, Conduct and             Overall LTIP
                                             Measures (excl. TSR)                  TSR        People Measures                 Outcome
John Foley            2020                               69.8%                   0.0%                  98.8%                    59.6%
                      2019                              100.0%                   0.0%                  54.2%                    63.5%
Clare Bousfield       2020                               78.4%                     n/a                 98.8%                    82.4%
                      2019                              100.0%                     n/a                 54.2%                    90.8%




                                                                                                                                            Other information
Remuneration outcomes
The Executive Directors’ 2020 single figure earnings are summarised below (with prior year for comparison):

                                              Fixed Remuneration                    STI                    LTIP      Total (inc. “Other”)
 Year    Executive Director                               £’000                  £’000                   £’000                     £’000

2020     John Foley                                       1,427                  1,455                    995                    3,877
2019     John Foley – restated                            1,370                  1,303                    606                    3,281
2019     John Foley – original                            1,208                  1,303                  1,224                     3,737
2020     Clare Bousfield                                    634                    746                    331                     1,712
2019     Clare Bousfield – recalculated                     604                   868                      192                   1,666
2019     Clare Bousfield – original                         604                   868                     389                    1,863
– Fixed remuneration includes salary, benefits, pension and other items of remuneration. John Foley’s benefit figure has been
  restated for 2019. This is explained in the notes to the single figure table.
– STI includes both the cash and deferred elements of the STI awarded for 2020 (and 2019).
– LTIP vesting proceeds from awards granted in 2018 for the year ended 31 December 2020 (and 2017 for the year ended
  31 December 2019). The significant decrease in the 2017 LTIP values in the restated/recalculated 2019 single figure is a result
  of the actual vesting share price of £1.1284 relative to the estimated share price of £2.2796 used in the original disclosure.
Full details of the single figure methodology, including the details of the restated 2019 single figure amounts, and incentive plan
scorecards can be found in the Annual Report on Remuneration from page 118.




                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 115
Directors’ Remuneration Report continued
Remuneration at a glance


Rationale for measures and link to strategy
The performance scorecards for short and long-term incentive awards are reviewed annually to ensure they effectively align the
Executive Directors’ remuneration to the Group’s strategic objectives, financial goals, culture and values. We use a combination
of financial and non-financial measures in the scorecards to ensure we have an appropriate balance between what performance
has been delivered and how that performance has been delivered. For 2021 we have reviewed the scorecards to incorporate
a broader range of measures aligned with key priorities for the Group and to ensure the financial targets are appropriate in the
context of the current external environment.
We have introduced non-financial measures to incentivise effective risk management, align with our sustainability objectives
and retain a strong alignment to customer outcomes, diversity, engagement and culture.
For the 2021 STI scorecard, we will be introducing an investment performance measure in respect of our retail, wholesale and
institutional funds with a 5% weighting, alongside the With-Profits Fund investment performance metric which will have a
reduced weighting of 5%. This will enable the strength of investment performance across our assets under management to be
incorporated into the scorecards.
For the 2021 LTIP scorecard we have replaced cumulative total capital generation with cumulative operating capital generation.
This is also a key performance measure for the Group and given it excludes the impact of market fluctuations it is considered
a more appropriate measure to assess performance during a period with the potential for significant market volatility.
The Committee was satisfied that the Executive Directors retained alignment with shareholders on the impact of market
volatility through the 2020 LTIP awards, which had a 60% weighting for cumulative total capital generation, as well as a smaller
component in the 2019 LTIP awards. It also excludes restructuring costs, however, the Executive Directors remain firmly aligned
to the management of transformation and restructuring costs through the STI scorecard adjusted operating profit before tax
and total capital generation measures, defined below.
Performance measures
The performance conditions may comprise a combination of financial and non-financial measures, with financial
measures comprising at least 50% for STI and at least 75% (including TSR) for the LTIP. The performance conditions
for 2021 are shown below.

STI                                                                   LTIP
                                    Financial                   70%                                   Financial                 75%
                                    Total capital generation    30%                                 	Cumulative operating
                                                                                                      capital generation        50%
                                  	Adjusted operating profit   20%
                                    before tax including                                            	Relative total
                                    restructuring costs                                               shareholder return        25%
                                  	With-profits expenses       10%                                  	Non-financial            25%
                                    Investment performance      10%                                   Risk and Conduct          10%
                                   	Non-financial              30%                                   People (Diversity)       7.5%
                                    Customer                    10%                                   Sustainability           7.5%
                                    People                      10%
                                    Risk and controls           10%

2021 Financial measures
Total capital generation excluding market movements (short-term incentives)
Total capital generation (defined on page 283) is a key performance measure and represents the change in surplus capital during
the period before dividends and other capital movements. We consider it to be integral to the management of the business and
decisions on capital allocation and investment, and ultimately our dividend policy. The Remuneration Committee believes it is
appropriate to exclude the impact of market movements when determining the outcome of short-term incentives. Total capital
generation includes restructuring costs. The successful delivery of the transformation activities in the short-term is key to the
success of our strategy, therefore the Remuneration Committee felt it was appropriate for restructuring costs to be included
for determining the short-term incentive outcomes.
Adjusted operating profit before tax including restructuring costs (short-term incentives)
Adjusted operating profit before tax (defined on page 283) is the Group’s non-GAAP alternative performance measure used to
demonstrate the longer-term performance of the Group as it is less affected by short-term market volatility and non-recurring
items than IFRS profit before tax. Adjusted operating profit before tax is IFRS profit before tax excluding short-term fluctuations
from investment returns, profit/(loss) on disposal of businesses and corporate transactions, restructuring and other costs, and
profit/(loss) before tax from discontinued operations. Restructuring costs have been included in this measure for the same
rationale as outlined above for total capital generation excluding market movements.




116 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
With-profits expense measures (short-term incentives)
The With-Profits Fund is an integral part of the business to both the Savings and Asset Management and Heritage segments. It is
included in the short-term incentive scorecard to ensure there is an appropriate balance between the interests of shareholders




                                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
and policyholders. This is represented by two measures: With-Profits renewal expenses per policy and With-Profits new
business expenses as a percentage of flows.
Investment performance measures (short-term incentives)
Strong investment performance is key to the successful execution of our strategy and delivering good customer outcomes.
This is represented by two measures: With-Profits Fund investment performance and investment performance of our retail,
wholesale and institutional funds.
Cumulative operating capital generation (long-term incentives)
Operating capital generation (defined on page 283) is a key performance measure which is less affected by short-term market
volatility and other non-recurring items than total capital generation, and is representative of the long-term capital generation
of the business. The Remuneration Committee felt that it was the most appropriate capital generation measure to assess


                                                                                                                                                            Governance
performance during a period with the potential for significant market volatility.
Relative Total Shareholder Return (long-term incentives)
A long-term measure that ensures direct alignment of remuneration outcomes to shareholder experience relative to shareholders
of FTSE 100 financial services companies (excluding investment trusts).
2021 Non-financial measures
Across the short and long-term incentive plans we have non-financial measures aligned to key strategic priorities:
– Customer measures aligned to our commitment to deliver great outcomes for our customers and clients and deliver digital
  innovation and adoption to ensure we are fit for the future.




                                                                                                                                                            Financial information
– Sustainability measure aligned to our pledge to reduce our own carbon emissions to net zero by 2030.
– People measures aligned to our stretching long-term diversity targets and embedding our culture, values and behaviours.
– Risk and Conduct measures aligned to our commitment to operate within an embedded risk culture and strong risk
  governance framework.

Link to strategy pillars

                         1                  2                  3                  4                 5                  6                  7
                                                                                                                                          Active
                                                                                                                                          Capital
       6       2                                                                                                                          Management
                                                                                                    Build              Protect            and




                                                                                                                                                            Other information
       7   1             One M&G                               Expand             Grow              International      Heritage           Operational
   5               3     Realise            Revitalise         Institutional      Europe            Focused            Focus on           Efficiency
                         collaboration      UK                 Broaden            Build on          expansion          retention,         Pro-actively
           4
                         synergies and      Re-establish       capabilities and   partnership       in Asia and        effective          manage for all
 Metric                  embed ESG          market share       internationalise   approach          Americas           controls           stakeholders

Capital
generation

Adjusted operating
profit before
tax including
restructuring costs

With-Profits
expense
measures

Investment
performance

Non-financial
measures

Relative Total Shareholder Return aligns the Executive Directors to the experience of shareholders. However, as a Group-level metric it does not apply to
the individual strategy pillars and has therefore been excluded from the Link to strategy pillars table.

       More on our strategy
       Pages 23 to 29




                                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 117
Annual report on remuneration

Annual report on remuneration
 Single figure remuneration


   In this section                              Single figure total remuneration table (Audited)
                                                Single figure remuneration – Base salary (Audited)
                                                Single figure remuneration – Benefits (Audited)
                                                Single figure remuneration – Pension (Audited)
                                                Single figure remuneration – Short-term incentives (Audited)
                                                Single figure remuneration – LTIP vesting in year (Audited)
                                                Single figure remuneration – Other (Audited)
                                                Unvested share awards at time of demerger
                                                Total shareholder return performance graph and Chief Executive pay
                                                Non-Executive Director single figure total remuneration table (Audited)


Single figure total remuneration table (Audited)
The following table provides the 2020 single figure remuneration for the Executive Directors. All figures are provided on a full
year basis.

                                           Base                            Total fixed                             Total variable
                                          Salary   Benefits   Pension   remuneration        STI     LTIP   Other   remuneration      Total
 Year    Executive Director               £’000      £’000     £’000           £’000     £’000    £’000    £’000           £’000    £’000

2020     John Foley                        980        320        127           1,427     1,455     995         –         2,450      3,877
2019     John Foley – restated             904        309        157           1,370     1,303     606         2           1,911    3,281
2019     John Foley – original             904         147       157           1,208     1,303    1,224        2          2,529     3,737
2020     Clare Bousfield                   556           6        72             634      746      331         1          1,078     1,712
         Clare Bousfield –
2019     recalculated                      530           6        68            604       868      192         2          1,062     1,666
2019     Clare Bousfield – original        530           6        68            604       868      389         2          1,259     1,863
Notes to the single figure table
– STI represents the full amount awarded in respect of 2020 including both the cash and deferred shares components.
– LTIP awards vesting in 2020 reflect legacy Policy rather than the new M&G plc Remuneration Policy approved by shareholders
  in 2020. The outcome of these awards have been calculated on a combination of Prudential plc and M&G plc measures.
– The price used to calculate the value of the M&G plc shares for the LTIP vesting in 2020 was £1.7910, using an average of the
  closing price for the final three months of 2020. The actual share price will be determined in April 2021 and will be disclosed
  with the actual vesting value in the 2021 Annual Report.
– The 2019 benefits amount for John Foley has been restated from £147,000 to £309,000 due to an error in the calculation of
  the previously disclosed amount. This restatement has no impact on what was received by John Foley, as this represents a
  restatement of the cost to the company of providing non-monetary benefits.
– The 2017 LTIP vesting figures reported in the 2019 single figure now reflect the actual vesting price of the shares, which vested
  on 2 April 2020 at £1.1284 per share. The values previously included in the 2019 report were based on an average share price
  from admission to 31 December 2019 (£2.2796).
– Remuneration is for the full calendar year 2019 and hence part of the remuneration relates to the period pre-admission, rather
  than solely the three months post-admission, which would not be reflective of the Executive Directors’ remuneration.

Single figure remuneration – Base salary (Audited)
The base salaries for the Executive Directors were reviewed in 2020. No increase was applied to the base salary for the Chief
Executive, which remained at £980,000. The base salary for the Chief Financial Officer was increased by 1.49% from £550,000
to £558,200 with effect from 1 April 2020. These increases were below the average increases applied to the wider workforce.

Single figure remuneration – Benefits (Audited)
Benefits include the total value of all benefits paid in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020. These comprise life, ill-health and
critical illness insurance, private medical cover and health assessments. In accordance with the Remuneration Policy, John Foley
has also retained a number of taxable benefits that he was offered as a Director of Prudential plc, in addition to standard benefits.
These comprise private international healthcare, including his family, home security support and the use of a car/driver for business
purposes, with values inclusive of tax paid by the Company. A full list of benefits and their values are provided in the following table.



118 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                                                                                        John Foley            Clare Bousfield
                                                                                               2020          2019           2020        2019
Benefit                                                                                       £’000         £’000          £’000       £’000




                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
Car/driver                                                                                     250           245            n/a          n/a
Security costs                                                                                    4             4           n/a          n/a
International healthcare                                                                         51            50           n/a          n/a
Healthcare and insurances                                                                        15            10             6            6
Total                                                                                          320           309              6            6

The Chief Executive, in consultation with the Committee, has agreed to materially reduce the taxable benefit relating to the car/driver
from 2021 onwards.

Single figure remuneration – Pension (Audited)
The Executive Directors receive a 13% employer pension contribution which they may receive in part or in full in cash.


                                                                                                                                                Governance
The contribution rate and delivery options are in line with other employees who participate in the Company’s defined contribution
pension plan. Neither of the Executive Directors are accruing benefits under the Company’s legacy defined benefit
pension plans.

Single figure remuneration – Short-Term Incentive (Audited)
For the purposes of determining the 2020 STI outcome, the Remuneration Committee assessed the performance of the Company
and the individuals by reference to the 2020 STI scorecard, which included a combination of financial and non-financial
measures, as follows:
2020 Executive Director STI scorecard outcome




                                                                                                                                                Financial information
                                                                    Threshold   Target       Maximum                               Weighted
2020 STI Scorecard                                    Weighting           0%      50%           100%         Actual      Outcome   Outcome

                     Adjusted operating profit
                     before tax including
                     restructuring costs (£m)             20%           669       787            905           715        19.5%       3.9%
                     Total capital generation
                     excluding market movements


   Financial
                     (£m)                                 30%           544      640             736          1,113      100.0%      30.0%
                     With-Profits renewal expense
                     per policy                            5%            114      104              94           94       100.0%       5.0%




                                                                                                                                                Other information
                     With-Profits new business
                     expense as % of flows                 5%         1.49%     1.35%          1.22%        2.59%          0.0%       0.0%
                     With-Profits Fund investment
                     performance (three-year)             10%            0%       1%              3%        1.34%         58.5%       5.9%
                     Customer – brand
                     preference ranking                 3.33%     Below 10th      8th    5th or above         16th         0.0%       0.0%
                     Customer – net promoter score      3.33%     Below +10       +11    +13 or above                9     0.0%       0.0%
                     Customer – complaints ratio        3.33%       Above 4      3.85    3.6 or below           3.6      100.0%       3.3%
                     People – diversity                5.00%          29.0%     30.0%          31.0%        30.0%        50.0%        2.5%



     Non-financial
                     People – sustainable
                     engagement index                  5.00%            70.0     72.5            75.0           80       100.0%       5.0%
                     Strategic – digital enablement
                     (Wealth – customer)                3.33%         19.6%     23.0%         26.4%          19.1%         0.0%       0.0%
                     Strategic – digital enablement
                     (Wealth – advisor)                 3.33%         52.9%     62.2%          71.5%        56.1%         17.2%       0.6%
                     Strategic – digital enablement
                     (Heritage)                         3.33%          5.4%      6.4%           7.4%          7.3%        95.0%       3.2%
Total                                                                                                                                59.4%

Consideration of individual performance
The Committee considered performance assessments for the Executive Directors and concluded that the formulaic outcome
of the STI was appropriate in the context of their personal contribution over the performance period.




                                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 119
Annual report on remuneration continued




Consideration of risk
The Committee received an independent review of the control environment and risk issues by the Chief Risk and Resilience
Officer, as well as input from the Risk Committee and the subsidiary boards for PAC and MGG. The Committee noted the
progress made in improving the control environment whilst observing that this remained a focus area for future improvement.
Taking the above into consideration, the Committee considered it appropriate to make no adjustments to the formulaic outcome
of the 2020 STI for the Executive Directors.
Deferral policy
50% of any STI amount awarded is deferred for three years in M&G plc shares, subject to continued employment, good leaver
and malus provisions. Dividend equivalents accrue on a reinvestment basis during the vesting period.
STI opportunity and outcome
The maximum STI opportunity for the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer remained unchanged at 250% of base salary
and 225% of base salary respectively for 2020. The total STI amounts in the single figure table reflect the awards to be paid in
2021 in respect of 2020 performance inclusive of both the cash and deferred elements as follows:

                                     Maximum STI Opportunity        Total STI Outcome               Cash STI             Deferred STI
Executive Director                                    £’000                     £’000                 £’000                    £’000

John Foley                                           2,450                    1,455                     728                       728
Clare Bousfield                                       1,256                     746                     373                       373
2020 STI metric definitions

Metric                              Definition

Adjusted operating profit           The definition of adjusted operating profit is given in the supplementary information on
before tax including                page 283.
restructuring costs
Total capital generation            The definition of total capital generation is given in the supplementary information on page 283.
excluding market movements
With-Profits renewal                Represents the renewal expenses including associated restructuring costs incurred by the
expense per policy                  With-Profits Fund on a per-policy basis.
With-Profits new business           Represents new business expenses, including associated restructuring costs, incurred by the
expense as % of flows               With-Profits Fund as a proportion of new business flows.
With-Profits Fund                   The three-year investment performance of the With-Profits Fund, relative to its benchmark,
investment performance              the ABI Mixed Investment 20-60% Shares fund.
Customer Outcomes                   This consists of three separate performance measures, equally weighted, aligned to our brand
                                    preference ranking in the Fund Brand Report Europe, Net Promoter Score and complaints ratio
                                    per 1,000 customers, both across our Wealth and Heritage businesses.
People                              This consists of two separate measures equally weighted:
                                    Diversity – the proportion of females within the senior leadership team by the end of 2020.
                                    Engagement – the sustainable engagement index score outcome from the 2020 Employee
                                    Opinion One Voice survey.
Strategic – Digital enablement      This consists of three separate performance measures, equally weighted, for the % of total
and adoption                        interactions with advisers and customers across our Wealth and Heritage businesses that
                                    are digital.

Single figure remuneration – LTIP vesting in year (Audited)
LTIP awards that were granted in 2018 under the Prudential plc Long-Term Incentive Plan vest on the basis of performance
measured at the end of 2020. The performance measures and weightings varied for the Executive Directors, reflecting their
different roles within the Prudential plc group at the time of grant. As a result of the Demerger and listing of M&G plc in October
2019, it was not possible to complete the performance period for all measures in the scorecards. Performance of the original
measures was assessed as closely as practicable to the demerger date and an equivalent M&G plc measure was used to
complete the performance period. The Remuneration Committee was satisfied that all adjusted and replacement targets had
been derived from the appropriate business plans and that replacement measures were the closest equivalent measures
available to complete the performance period. All other terms of the awards were maintained, including the vesting levels at
threshold, target and maximum performance. In addition, the shares under each award were converted from Prudential plc
shares to M&G plc shares at demerger. The methodology used to ensure that this was a fair and equivalent value conversion
is provided in ‘Unvested share awards at the time of demerger’.




120 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
2018 LTIP Scorecards
Chief Executive

                                                               Sub-    Threshold   Target     Maximum                          Weighted




                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
               Weighting              Measure       Period    Weight       (25%)   (80%)        (100%)    Actual     Vesting   Outcome

Pru UK /           31%       Prudential UK        1/1/18 –   10.33%        546      607           668     1,095    100.0%        24.3%
M&G plc                     Operating Profit     31/12/18
Group Profit
                               M&G plc AOP        1/1/19 –   20.67%       1,584    1,760         1,936     1,720     67.5%
(£m)
                              before tax (inc.   31/12/20
                               restructuring
                                       costs)
MGG / M&G          19%           M&G Group        1/1/18 –    6.33%        424       471           518      430      32.1%       10.6%
plc Group                  Limited Operating     31/12/18
Profit (£m)                           Profit
                               M&G plc AOP        1/1/19 –   12.67%       1,584    1,760         1,936     1,720     67.5%

                                                                                                                                            Governance
                              before tax (inc.   31/12/20
                               restructuring
                                       costs)
TSR                25% Percentile ranking         1/1/18 –   25.00%       50th                    75th     44th       0.0%        0.0%
                           relative to the       31/12/20
                              peer group
Balanced           25%          See details       1/1/18 –   25.00%                                                 98.8%        24.7%
Scorecard                      of individual     31/12/20
                             capital, people
                               and conduct




                                                                                                                                            Financial information
                            measures below
Total                                                                                                                            59.6%
Chief Financial Officer

                                                               Sub-    Threshold   Target     Maximum                          Weighted
               Weighting              Measure       Period    Weight       (25%)   (80%)        (100%)    Actual     Vesting   Outcome

Pru UK /           80%       Prudential UK        1/1/18 –   26.67%        546      607           668     1,095    100.0%        62.7%
M&G plc                     Operating Profit     31/12/18
Group Profit
                               M&G plc AOP        1/1/19 –   53.33%       1,584    1,760         1,936     1,720     67.5%
(£m)
                              before tax (inc.   31/12/20




                                                                                                                                            Other information
                               restructuring
                                       costs)
Balanced           20%          See details       1/1/18 –   20.00%                                                 98.8%        19.7%
Scorecard                      of individual     31/12/20
                             capital, people
                               and conduct
                            measures below
Total                                                                                                                            82.4%
Notes to the LTIP scorecards:
Profit measures
The original Prudential UK (Pru UK) and MGG operating profit measures, calculated using Prudential plc methodology, were
assessed for the period 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018 against an adjusted target to reflect the shorter period of
measurement. For the remaining performance period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2020, we used M&G plc Group
adjusted operating profit before tax including restructuring costs as a profit measure and assessed against a two-year target.
The measures were weighted in accordance with the proportion of the performance period they covered.




                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 121
Annual report on remuneration continued



TSR outcome table
Prudential plc TSR was measured alongside the peer group as disclosed in the 2018 Prudential plc annual remuneration report up
to and including the first day of trading of M&G plc following demerger. In accordance with the terms of the award, we used a 90-
day average from the last quarter of 2017 to create the baseline for the calculations. The TSR for Prudential plc included the value
of the Demerger dividend of one M&G plc share to ensure the calculation accurately reflected shareholder experience. M&G plc
TSR was subsequently measured from its first day of trading to 31 December 2020 relative to a new peer group defined as the
FTSE 100 Financial Services sector, excluding investment trusts (consistent with the TSR measure used for new LTIP awards
under the M&G plc Remuneration Policy). We used a 90-day average from the last quarter of 2020 to complete the performance
period. The resulting combined TSR performance of Prudential plc and M&G plc was ranked relative to the median and upper
quartile of the peer groups, similarly on a combined basis as shown below:

                                                                          Threshold (Peer Group    Maximum (Peer Group         Percentile ranking
                                                            Company TSR                    50th)                  75th)                 achieved

Prudential plc TSR    1/1/18 – 21/10/19                         (8.2)%                    3.1%                     21.9%
M&G plc TSR           21/10/19 – 31/12/20                       (4.5)%                  (10.0)%                    3.5%
Combined              1/1/18 – 31/12/20                         (12.3)%                  (7.1)%                    26.1%                   44th
Balanced scorecard outcome table
The balanced scorecard comprised four equally weighted measures linked to capital, people and conduct measures.
We required a replacement M&G plc measure to complete the performance period for the capital measures. As M&G plc does
not track the Prudential plc ECap measure, we used a total capital generation measure for both capital measures to complete the
performance period:

                                                                           Threshold     Target        Maximum
                                                               Sub-            (25%)     (50%)           (100%)     Actual             Weighted
               Weighting          Measure          Period     Weight             (£m)      (£m)             (£m)     (£m)    Vesting   Outcome

SII Capital        25%     Prudential plc       1/1/18 –      12.5%           4,775      5,305           5,836      6,209    100%        25.0%
                              (Group) SII       30/6/19
                                 Capital
                                M&G plc          1/7/19 –     12.5%             982      1,091           1,200      1,574    100%
                             total capital      31/12/20
                              generated
ECap Group         25%     Prudential plc       1/1/18 –      12.5%           2,242      2,491           2,740      2,618     90%        23.8%
Operating                  (Group) ECap         30/6/19
capital
                                M&G plc          1/7/19 –     12.5%             982      1,091           1,200      1,574    100%
generated
                             total capital      31/12/20
                              generated
Diversity          25% Percentage of             1/1/18 –    25.0%           27.0%      28.0%           29.0% 30.0%          100%        25.0%
Measure                the Leadership           31/12/20
                          Team that is
                         female at the
                          end of 2020
Conduct            25%         Conduct/          1/1/18 –    25.0%           Partial                       Full              100%        25.0%
Measure                         culture/        31/12/20               achievement                 achievement
                             governance
Total                                                                                                                                    98.8%
Consideration of risk
The Committee received an independent review of the control environment and risk issues by the Chief Risk and Resilience
Officer, as well as input from the Risk Committee and the subsidiary boards for PAC and MGG. The Committee noted the
progress made in improving the control environment whilst observing that this remained a focus area for future improvement.
Taking the above into consideration, the Committee considered it appropriate to make no adjustments to the formulaic outcome
of the 2018 LTIP awards for the Executive Directors.
In addition, the awards contained a metric linked to conduct/culture issues leading to a significant capital add-on or material
fine. The Committee noted that the fine linked to the thematic review of annuity sales practices, issued to M&G plc in late 2019,
had been reflected in the zero outcome of this metric in the 2017 LTIP and following the successful closure of the remediation
programme in 2020, concluded that it was not appropriate for it to be reflected in the 2018 LTIP outcome. The independent Chief
Risk and Resilience Officer report, with input from the Risk Committee, confirmed that there were no other significant capital
add-ons or material fines during the performance period of the awards.




122 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Vesting of 2018 LTIP award shares
The unvested LTIP awards granted in 2018 over Prudential plc shares were converted to awards over M&G plc shares in October
2019 using the methodology described in ‘Unvested share awards at time of demerger’ on page 124. The table below shows:




                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
– the original grant value of the awards and performance outcome;
– the number of shares under award at the vesting date including dividend equivalents that have accrued during the
  performance period and the number of shares vesting based on the performance outcome;
– the estimated value of the vesting shares using the average closing price for the final three months of 2020, £1.791; and
– the vesting value attributable to the accrual of dividend equivalents and share price growth over the performance period.
  This has been calculated as the difference between the grant value adjusted for performance outcome and the actual vesting
  value. The Committee concluded that it was not necessary to apply discretion to the outcome of the LTIP awards as a result of
  share price appreciation.

                                                                                                                                   Value
                                                                                                                          attributable to



                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                                                                            Estimated        share price
                                                                                                              value of    movement and
                                                                                                               shares           dividend
                                               Grant value   Performance   Shares under         Shares        vesting        equivalents
                                                    £’000        outcome award at vesting       vesting         £’000              £’000

John Foley                                        1,953          59.6%          932,551      555,800             995                (168)
Clare Bousfield                                    470           82.4%          224,464       184,958            331                 (56)


2018 LTIP metric definitions




                                                                                                                                            Financial information
All financial metrics are cumulative over the vesting period.

Metric                            Definition

Prudential UK and M&G Group       Reflects operating profit under the Prudential plc segmentation, including certain restructuring
Operating Profit                  costs. Prudential plc defines operating profit, applicable to Prudential UK and M&G Group
                                  Limited as IFRS profit after tax excluding short-term fluctuations in investment returns on
                                  shareholder-backed business, gains or losses on corporate transactions and the total tax
                                  charge for the year.
M&G plc adjusted operating        The definition of adjusted operating profit before tax is given in the supplementary information
profit before tax including       on page 283.
restructuring costs




                                                                                                                                            Other information
Relative Total Shareholder        TSR represents the growth in the value of a share plus the value of dividends paid, assuming
Return (TSR)                      that the dividends are reinvested in the Company’s shares on the ex-dividend date. Relative
                                  TSR compares the performance of the Company with the relevant peer group.
                                  TSR for the Prudential plc peer group was measured from 1/1/18 to 21/10/19 to determine the
                                  median and upper quartile performance for that period. The peer group being:
                                  – Aegon                     – AIA                  – AIG                  – Allianz
                                  – Aviva                     – AXA                  – Generali             – Legal & General
                                  – Manulife                  – MetLife              – Old Mutual           – Prudential Financial
                                  – Standard Life Aberdeen – Sun Life Financial      – Zurich Insurance Group
                                  TSR for the M&G plc peer group was measured from 21/10/19 to 31/12/20 to determine the
                                  median and upper quartile performance for that period. The peer group being:
                                  – FTSE 100 financial services companies (excluding investment trusts).
Prudential plc Solvency II        Solvency II capital represents the excess of own funds over the solvency capital requirement.
operating capital generation      Solvency II capital generation is the change in the Solvency II capital over the reporting period.
                                  Prudential plc definition of Solvency II operating capital generation is the capital generation
                                  excluding non-operating items such as short-term fluctuations in investment returns, effect
                                  of changes in economic assumptions for long-term business operations and the effect of
                                  corporate transactions.
Prudential plc ECap operating     As for Prudential plc Solvency II operating capital generation but using as its basis, Prudential
capital generation                plc’s internal Economic Capital (ECap) measure.
M&G plc total                     The definition of total capital generation is given in the supplementary information on page 283.
capital generation
Diversity                         Percentage of the Leadership Team that is female at the end of 2020. The target for this metric
                                  is based on progress towards the goal that Prudential plc set when it signed the Women in
                                  Finance Charter, specifically that 30% of our Leadership Team will be female by the end of 2021.
Conduct                           Through appropriate management action, ensure there are no significant conduct/culture/
                                  governance issues that result in significant capital add-ons or material fines.


                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 123
Annual report on remuneration continued




Amendment to the capital measure in the 2017-2019 LTIP awards
The 2019 remuneration report stated that, for the period 1 July 2019 to 31 December 2019, the level of vesting of 2017 LTIP awards
in respect of the 2019 financial year was in part calculated by reference to the Group’s operating capital generation performance
of £522m. However, the maximum performance target of £423m, against which this performance outcome was calculated, was
by reference to the Company’s total capital generation (in line with the definition set out on page 283). For the relevant period
noted above, total capital generation was £579m. This amendment does not affect the level of vesting of 2017 LTIP awards or
the value delivered to any LTIP participants (including the Executive Directors, as reported in the 2019 remuneration report).
The Committee intends to measure the equivalent components of the LTIP awards granted in 2018 and 2019 with reference
to total capital generation.

Single figure remuneration – Other (Audited)
Comprises the value of matching shares received on share purchases made through the company SIP during the year, at a rate
of one matching share for every two shares purchased. The matching shares have been valued using a three-day average price
preceding the date of each purchase, which is typically monthly, in accordance with the plan rules. This amount would also
include the value of any gain realised on the maturity of a Sharesave contract, however no Sharesave contracts matured for the
Executive Directors during 2020.

Unvested share awards at time of demerger
The Executive Directors had unvested deferred STI and LTIP awards over Prudential plc shares at demerger. No value crystallised
to the Executive Directors at demerger, and the awards were replaced with awards of equivalent value over M&G plc shares.
These awards have the same vesting date and key terms as applied to them under the Prudential plc schemes. In order to achieve
equivalent value the following approach was adopted:
– The Prudential plc share awards were valued using the five-day average closing price of Prudential shares up to and including
  the last trading day on which those Prudential shares were eligible to receive the M&G plc shares as part of the Demerger.
  The average price was £14.814.
– The number of M&G plc shares over which the Replacement Awards were granted was calculated by reference to the five-day
  average closing price of the first five days of trading of M&G plc’s shares. The average price was £2.1737.
The resulting conversion was 6.815 M&G plc shares for each Prudential plc share under award pre-demerger. The Remuneration
Committee was satisfied that it had conducted a robust process involving an assessment of market practice, independent
advice on alternative approaches and consideration of the associated risks with each approach, in determining the methodology
used. As noted above, it was not possible to complete the performance period for all measures in the unvested LTIP scorecards
for awards granted between 2017 and 2019. Performance of the original measures was assessed as closely as practicable to
the demerger date and an equivalent M&G plc measure was used to complete the performance period. The Remuneration
Committee was satisfied that all adjusted and replacement targets had been derived from the appropriate business plans and
that replacement measures were the closest equivalent measures available to complete the performance period. Full details of
the measures, targets and outcomes will be provided in the relevant remuneration report when the awards vest.




124 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Total shareholder return performance graph and Chief Executive pay
120




                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
100

80

60

40

20

0

    21/10/2019             31/12/2019                 31/03/2020          30/06/2020               30/09/2020                31/12/2020




                                                                                                                                           Governance
    M&G      FTSE 100   FTSE 100 FS (excluding investment trusts)


The performance graph shows the Total Shareholder Return of M&G plc compared to the FTSE 100 and FTSE 100 financial
services (excluding investment trusts) TSR peer group for the period October 2019-December 2020. These comparators have
been chosen as M&G plc is a member of the FTSE 100 index and the FTSE 100 financial services sector (excluding investment
trusts) is used to measure relative performance in the LTIP.
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Chief Executive’s remuneration for 2019 and 2020. The 2019 total remuneration
figure reflects the restated amount disclosed earlier in this report.




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
                                                                                                          2019                    2020

Chief Executive                                                                                    John Foley             John Foley
Total remuneration (£’000)                                                                               3,281                  3,877
STI as % of maximum                                                                                    64.3%                   59.4%
LTIP as % of maximum                                                                                    63.5%                  59.6%

Non-Executive Director single figure total remuneration table (Audited)
The total remuneration for the full year ended 31 December 2020 for the Chair and each Non-Executive Director is
detailed below:

                                                        Fees for 2020   Taxable benefits             2020 Total              2019 Total




                                                                                                                                           Other information
                                                               £’000              £’000                 £’000                   £’000

Mike Evans                                                    450.0                 2.6                 452.6                    450.7
Fiona Clutterbuck                                               36.4                   –                  36.4                       –
Clare Thompson                                                 152.0                   –                 152.0                    98.5
Clive Adamson                                                 246.0                    –                246.0                    146.6
Massimo Tosato                                                 198.8                   –                 198.8                       –
Robin Lawther                                                  138.9                   –                 138.9                    101.1
Caroline Silver                                                 65.2                   –                  65.2                   124.4
Notes to the table:
– Benefits for 2020 comprises private medical cover for the Chair and his spouse. The Chair pays the tax due on private
  medical cover.
– Clive Adamson’s fees include £110,000 for his roles on the PAC Board during 2020 (and £47,500 in the 2019 amount).
– Massimo Tosato joined the Board on 1 April 2020. The table reflects fees paid from this date, including fees of £131,300
  for his Chair role on the MGG Board.
– Clare Thompson acted as Interim SID from 27 May 2020 to 9 October 2020 and received an additional fee for that role over
  this period.
– Fiona Clutterbuck joined the Board on 9 October 2020. The table reflects fees paid from this date.
– Caroline Silver left the Board on 27 May 2020. The table reflects fees paid up to this date.
– With the exception of Mike Evans who joined the Board in 2018, 2019 fees reflect the amount paid from date of appointment.




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 125
Annual report on remuneration continued




 Director share interests and other payments (Audited)


   In this section                               Awards granted in 2020 (Audited)
                                                 Directors’ share interests (Audited)
                                                 Payments to past directors (Audited)
                                                 Payments for loss of office (Audited)


Awards granted in 2020 (Audited)
The following table provides the details of scheme interests awarded to the Executive Directors during 2020:

                                                                                                   Face Value       Number        % payable
                                    Type           Basis                                             at Grant      of shares   for threshold
Plan              Participant       of award       of award           Grant Date   Vesting Date        £’000       awarded     performance

Deferred          John Foley        Share          Deferred          03-Apr-20     03-Apr-23             521.3    459,295              n/a
Incentive Plan                      Award          STI: 40%
Performance       John Foley        Share          % of Salary:      03-Apr-20     03-Apr-23           2,450.0   2,158,590            10%
Share Plan                          Award          250%
Deferred          Clare             Share          Deferred          03-Apr-20     03-Apr-23             148.5    130,837              n/a
Incentive Plan    Bousfield         Award          STI: 20%
Performance       Clare             Share          % of Salary:      03-Apr-20     03-Apr-23           1,256.0   1,106,563            10%
Share Plan        Bousfield         Award          225%

Notes on the scheme interests table:
The number of shares granted under deferred STI and LTIP awards was calculated using the average middle-market closing
share price for the three business days immediately preceding the Award Date, being £1.135. Each of the Executive Directors
received a deferred STI award of M&G plc shares on 3 April 2020 in respect of their 2019 STI. The face value of the awards were
based on deferral rates that reflected the legacy policy in effect prior to the Demerger, as follows:
– John Foley – 40% of the 2019 STI award outcome of £1,303,000, being £521,300
– Clare Bousfield – 20% of the 2019 STI award outcome of £743,000, being £148,500
Each of the Executive Directors received an LTIP award under the M&G plc Performance Share Plan on 3 April 2020, subject to
performance conditions (as described in the table below), with a vesting date of 3 April 2023 and subject to a further two-year
holding period. At grant the awards were 250% and 225% of base salary respectively for the Chief Executive and Chief Financial
Officer. The Committee was mindful that the grant was made at a relatively low grant price of £1.135 and is therefore committed
to reviewing the overall vesting levels to ensure that windfall gains will not be received.
Performance conditions for LTIP granted in 2020

                                                                     Weighting           Threshold                Target          Maximum

                                                   Vesting                                        0%                                 100%
Cumulative total capital generation
(£m)                                                                     60%                1,850                 2,150              2,450
                                                   Vesting                                    25%                                    100%
Relative TSR percentile ranking                                          40%                 50th                                     75th
2020 LTIP metric definitions

Metric                              Definition

Cumulative total capital            Defined as the total capital generation over the three-year period 1 January 2020 to
generation                          31 December 2022. The definition of total capital generation is given in the supplementary
                                    information on page 283. For this metric there is 0% vesting for performance at or below
                                    threshold, 50% at target and 100% at maximum with straight-line interpolation between
                                    these points.
Relative TSR percentile ranking Defined as the relative TSR ranking within a peer group of FTSE 100 financial services
                                companies (excluding investment trusts). The starting point for TSR will be based on
                                a 30-calendar day average of M&G plc and the peer group companies preceding the
                                performance period. The end point will be based on an average of the last 30-calendar days of
                                the performance period. For this metric there is 0% vesting for performance below threshold,
                                25% for achieving the median and 100% vesting for achieving upper quartile or above with
                                straight-line interpolation between these points.

126 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Directors’ share interests (Audited)
The following table shows the interests that each Director and their connected persons had in M&G plc shares at 31 December
2020. This comprises personally/legally owned shares, shares purchased and held within the Company’s Share Incentive Plan



                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
(SIP) and unvested shares under deferred STI and LTIP awards. Shares vesting to John Foley in 2020 from his 2017 LTIP award
were subject to a two-year holding period to April 2022 after the sale of shares for tax. These shares are included in the shares
owned outright column of the table.
The value of the shares has been calculated using the average closing M&G plc share price for the final three months of 2020,
which was £1.791.

                                                                                            LTIP
                                          Shares                                       subject to
                                          owned                      Deferred STI   performance                                    Multiple of
Name                                     outright   Subject to SIP         shares     conditions          Total           Value        salary

John Foley                             940,046             1,056     1,026,682      4,696,979       6,664,763 £11,936,591            1,218%



                                                                                                                                                 Governance
Clare Bousfield                          107,313           2,731       269,493        2,311,077     2,690,614 £4,818,890              863%
Mike Evans                               83,627                 –              –               –       83,627      £149,776              n/a
Fiona Clutterbuck                              –                –              –               –             –               –           n/a
Clare Thompson                           22,100                 –              –               –       22,100       £39,581              n/a
Clive Adamson                             8,600                 –              –               –        8,600       £15,403              n/a
Massimo Tosato                           61,000                 –              –               –       61,000      £109,251              n/a
Robin Lawther                             5,668                 –              –               –        5,668           £10,151          n/a
There were no changes to Executive Directors’ or Directors’ interest in ordinary shares between 31 December 2020 and




                                                                                                                                                 Financial information
3 March 2021, with the exception of Clare Bousfield who acquired a further 235 shares during the period due to her participation
in the Company SIP.
Shareholding guidelines
The Executive Directors are required to build up and maintain a shareholding in the Company under the Directors’ Remuneration
Policy. The holding requirement must be achieved within five years of the introduction of the policy in 2020 (or recruitment date
for new Executive Directors). Current holdings are shown in the table below:

                                                                                                                                    Shares at
Name                                                                                                       Guidelines       31 December 2020

John Foley                                                                                    300% of base salary                    271.4%
Clare Bousfield                                                                                200% of base salary                    81.1%



                                                                                                                                                 Other information
For the purpose of the shareholding requirement, unvested shares that are not subject to performance conditions (deferred STI
and LTIP awards subject to a holding period following the completion of the three-year performance period) count towards the
shareholding requirement on a net-of-tax value basis.

Payments to past Directors (Audited)
No payments have been made to past directors.

Payments for loss of office (Audited)
No payments have been made for loss of office. Caroline Silver, who left the Board on 27 May 2020, only received regular fees
up to her exit date, as disclosed in the Non-Executive Director single figure table, and no other fees/payments were made.




                                                                                                M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 127
Annual report on remuneration continued




 Remuneration arrangements throughout the Company


   In this section                              Workforce remuneration
                                                Chief Executive pay ratio
                                                Directors vs average employee pay
                                                Gender/Ethnicity pay gap
                                                Relative importance of spend on pay


Workforce remuneration
A Remuneration Policy is in place for establishing standards for the design and operation of remuneration across the Company,
and is based on principles consistent with the Directors’ Remuneration Policy. The core components of remuneration and how
they are operated for colleagues across the Company are explained in the table below.
The Board has an established approach to how it engages with colleagues, including both formal and informal meetings.
Full details of colleague engagement during 2020 can be found on page 85. Although travel restrictions limited site visits, we
held two virtual sessions in the UK and Europe in 2020, with further sessions planned in Q1 2021. One Voice survey results
were discussed by the Board in Q3 2020 with identified areas for improvement communicated back to the business. We built
on our ambitions to align colleague interests with our business strategy through further offerings of the UK and International
Sharesave plans.

Remuneration element                Details

Base salary                         Base salaries are set at a competitive level taking into account a range of factors including:
                                    – The individual’s skills, performance and experience;
                                    – Internal relativities and wider workforce salary levels;
                                    – External benchmark data; and
                                    – The size, responsibility and geographical scope of the role.
                                    The Company is committed to maintaining base salaries at or above the London Living Wage/
                                    National Living Wage, as applicable, across our UK offices and is seeking to achieve formal
                                    accreditation as a Living Wage Employer during 2021.
                                    Base salaries are reviewed annually. In 2020 a 2.75% budget applied to the majority of our UK
                                    colleagues, with a lower budget of 1.49% reserved for senior management roles. For 2021 we
                                    have applied a 2.0% budget for the wider UK workforce, with no increases for senior managers
                                    and executives. For our non-UK offices salary review budgets are determined on the basis of
                                    economic and market data for each location.
Pension                             Across the Company all colleagues are eligible to participate in a pension scheme, which is
                                    designed to be competitive, but not excessive, in each of the markets in which we operate.
                                    Our standard defined contribution scheme in the UK offers a core contribution of 8% of salary
                                    (increased from 6% in 2019) with additional matching to a maximum company contribution of 13%
                                    (2019: 12%), aligned with the Executive Directors. Certain UK colleagues have retained the right
                                    to accrue benefits under defined benefit schemes, which are closed to new entrants (neither
                                    Executive Director is accruing benefits under a defined benefit scheme).
Benefits                            Benefit packages are designed to be competitive, but not excessive, aligning with local market
                                    practice for businesses with which we compete for talent, and with the culture and values of the
                                    Group. Benefit packages are benchmarked periodically to ensure they remain consistent with
                                    these principles.
                                    In 2019 the Company launched an updated suite of flexible and family friendly policies, and in
                                    2020, a consistent core and flexible benefit offering across our UK businesses. This included
                                    the addition of a standard core single private medical benefit for all UK colleagues (benefiting
                                    over 2,500 colleagues who previously funded this benefit themselves) and a core critical
                                    illness benefit.
                                    During 2020 and 2021 we have operated a wide range of programmes to support colleagues,
                                    including financial support to purchase IT equipment and set up an appropriate home-working
                                    environment, financial support with higher utility costs and an extensive range of health and
                                    well-being resources.




128 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Remuneration element               Details

Short-Term Incentive               All colleagues are eligible to participate in an STI plan with outcomes closely aligned with
Plans (STI)                        Group performance, customer outcomes and individual objectives, including the effectiveness



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                   of risk management, conduct, culture and behaviours. We operate bespoke schemes for
                                   our Investment Management and Distribution colleagues, consistent with these principles.
                                   Performance of colleagues engaged in a control function is assessed independently of the
                                   performance of the business overseen.
                                   The introduction of a standardised target/maximum STI structure by work level across our
                                   functions was introduced in 2020. Any colleague with lower entitlement was increased to the
                                   new structure, positively impacting c.50% of UK colleagues at lower work levels.
                                   We operate a Group-wide deferral policy whereby a proportion of STI over a threshold is
                                   deferred for three years, typically in M&G plc shares, unless regulation requires a higher level
                                   of deferral or alternative deferral mechanism.
Long-Term Incentive                Participation in an LTIP is reserved for senior management colleagues with the highest
Plans (LTIP)                       influence over the determination and execution of our strategic goals, delivery of business

                                                                                                                                           Governance
                                   performance and creation of shareholder value.
                                   The majority of the Group Executive Committee participate in the performance-based share
                                   plan aligned with that disclosed for the Executive Directors, with other senior management and
                                   those executives engaged in a control function, participating in a non-performance based share
                                   award. Eligibility to participate is assessed annually.
                                   A number of colleagues had the fair value of LTIPs previously received annually consolidated
                                   into base salary from 2020 as part of a remuneration package simplification exercise.
All-colleague share plans          All colleagues have an opportunity to participate in an all-colleague share plan, to align with
                                   and share in the success of the Company.




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
                                   In the UK all colleagues are eligible to participate in the Company Sharesave (SAYE) and
                                   Share Incentive Plan (SIP) on the same terms as the Executive Directors. Both schemes
                                   are HMRC-approved.
                                   We operate an International Sharesave in all other locations, providing the same opportunity
                                   as the UK Sharesave, subject to the rules/regulations that apply in each location.
                                   In 2019 all colleagues globally received a free share award of 920 M&G plc shares, to recognise
                                   the Demerger from Prudential plc.

Chief Executive pay ratio
The table below sets out the M&G plc Chief Executive pay ratio when compared to pay levels at the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile
of M&G’s UK workforce for both base salary and total remuneration. We have used option B as our method for calculating the
pay ratio for this report, as this is consistent with our approach and methodology for other publicly reported information on the



                                                                                                                                           Other information
gender pay gap. The basis of the calculation uses individuals identified using the gender pay gap methodology, using data on
a consistent date to the information used in the calculation of the Chief Executive single figure total.

                                                    Year            Method       25th percentile            Median       75th percentile

Salary                                            2020                   B                 22:1                15:1                11:1
Salary                                             2019                  B                 23:1                16:1                12:1
Single figure total remuneration                  2020                   B                 67:1               45:1                 31:1
Single figure total remuneration                   2019                  B                80:1                58:1                 35:1
The Remuneration Committee is satisfied that using this population and methodology delivers a representative Chief Executive pay
ratio relative to the general employee workforce. The changes in the ratio from 2019 are primarily driven by the following factors:
– In 2020 the base salary for the Chief Executive increased by 8.4% as a result of the mid-2019 package review having a full year
  impact in 2020. No increase to salary was applied in 2020. The median salary for the wider workforce has increased by 15.7%
  due to a number of factors in addition to the 2020 salary review process, explained in the workforce remuneration table.
  Demographic changes through the year also have some impact on the outcome. As a result there was a small decrease to
  the ratio.
– The Chief Executive single figure increased by 4.5% in 2020 from 2019. There are a number of factors driving the increase in
  total remuneration for the wider workforce, as explained in the workforce remuneration table. Demographic changes through
  the year also have some impact on the outcome. As a result there was a decrease to the ratio.




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 129
Annual report on remuneration continued



For the purpose of comparing 2019 and 2020 pay levels and determining the pay ratio at each percentile, the single figure
methodology was used for total remuneration, as disclosed earlier in this report for the Executive Directors. The 2019 and 2020
salary and total remuneration of the representative individuals at each quartile were as follows:

                                                          25th percentile           50th percentile                 75th percentile
                                                                        £                         £                               £

Salary 2020                                                      44,187                   64,500                          90,245
Salary 2019                                                     39,484                     55,750                          77,750
Total remuneration (2020)                                        57,490                    85,410                        124,603
Total remuneration (2019)                                       46,854                     64,707                        105,542

Directors vs average employee pay
                                                Change to base salary/fee        Change to benefits         Change to STI outcome

John Foley                                                        8.4%                       3.5%                           11.7%
Clare Bousfield                                                    1.5%                    (2.2)%                         (14.1)%
Mike Evans                                                        0.0%                      (7.1)%
Clare Thompson                                                   12.6%
Clive Adamson                                                    38.6%
Robin Lawther                                                     6.8%
UK workforce                                                       3.3%                     13.4%                          70.4%
Notes to the table:
– Changes for the Executive Directors are taken from the single figure table on page 118. John Foley did not receive a salary
  increase in 2020 and Clare Bousfield received an increase of 1.49%. As noted in the 2019 report, the 2019 STI amount for
  Clare Bousfield included an amount vesting from a legacy incentive scheme, which is driving the negative year-on-year change.
– Fiona Clutterbuck and Massimo Tosato are excluded from the table as they commenced their roles during 2020. Caroline Silver
  left the Board during 2020. On an annualised basis her fees would have been flat between 2019 and 2020.
– Mike Evans received private medical insurance from October 2019. For the purpose of comparison, the 2019 cost has
  been annualised.
– The 2019 M&G plc board fees received by each Non-Executive Director have been annualised for the purpose of comparison.
  The change in fees is driven by:
  – Clare Thompson commenced membership of the Nominations Committee during 2020 and also received additional fees
    for being the SID for an interim period;
  – Clive Adamson commenced membership of the Nominations Committee during 2020. In addition, his PAC Board fees
    increased due to a change in policy to pay fees for all subsidiary board roles undertaken; and
  – Robin Lawther commenced membership of the Audit Committee during 2020.
– Consistent with the Chief Executive pay ratio, the UK workforce is considered the most appropriate employee population for
  the basis of comparison:
  – The 2020 salary review was managed to an overall budget of 2.5%. The higher average increase reflects that those in the
    lower remuneration quartiles received higher increases.
  – The change in benefits reflects enhanced core benefits, an increased core pension contribution and insurance rate changes
    in 2020.
  – The high average increase in average STI reflects the standardisation and simplification of remuneration packages during
    2020, explained in the workforce remuneration table.




130 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Gender/Ethnicity pay gap
The Group will disclose its gender pay gap reports for 2020 later in 2021 for each UK employing entity where there are more than
250 people. M&G plc has five separate employing entities that meet this criteria. However, as shown below, we have calculated



                                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
a combined set of figures for the Group that we believe provides a more meaningful view of our organisation’s gender pay gap.
Individual entity gender pay gap reports will be available from our website later in 2020. The 2019 gender pay gap data is also
shown for comparison.

    Year                                  Mean gender pay gap           Median gender pay gap          Mean gender bonus gap      Median gender bonus gap

2020                                                    30.5%                           26.6%                           70.8%                       51.1%
2019                                                    25.0%                           24.7%                            72.1%                     53.4%
While our mean pay gap increased in 2020 to 30.5% from 25.0% in 2019, our mean bonus gap decreased to 70.8% from 72.1%
in 2019. These pay gaps are larger than we would like them to be and are primarily driven by the shape of our organisation with
a higher proportion of men in senior roles compared to women. The demerger from Prudential plc in late 2019 also impacted
the gender pay gap data and contributed towards the increase in the base pay gap. A number of executive and senior leaders


                                                                                                                                                               Governance
transferred from our former Parent Company or were recruited externally to perform roles which had not previously been
required. A large proportion of these roles, on senior reward packages, are filled by men. Notwithstanding this we continue to
make progress toward our 2025 senior management gender diversity goal of 40% female and as a result saw positive change
in the proportion of women in senior management roles.
M&G plc will also voluntarily disclose its ethnicity pay gap data for 2020 in 2021 in support of our position to improve not only
gender representation but also ethnic diversity in senior leadership roles. We are, as shown below, reporting a combined gender
and ethnicity set of figures for the Group in alignment with our gender pay gap reporting. The complete M&G plc ethnicity pay gap
report will be available from our website later in 2021.




                                                                                                                                                               Financial information
                                                Mean combined                 Median combined                  Mean combined             Median combined
    Year                                               pay gap                         pay gap                     bonus gap                   bonus gap

2020                                                      9.3%                          (8.4)%                          43.6%                        1.4%
The mean gender pay gap is a calculation of the average hourly pay or bonus of a man versus the average hourly pay or bonus
of a woman and includes all relevant payments and allowances indicated in the gender pay regulations. The median gap is
determined by ranking the pay for each man from lowest to highest to determine the mid-point and comparing this to the
equivalent mid-point for a woman. Pay quartiles are calculated by ranking the pay for each employee from lowest to highest.
This list is then divided into four equally sized segments and the proportion of men and women in these segments are reported
(pay quartiles are also calculated and reported within our publicly disclosed gender pay gap reports). The M&G plc ethnicity
pay gap report follows the methodology described in the gender pay gap legislation for our Caucasian population versus our
combined Black, Asian and minority ethnic population within the UK.



                                                                                                                                                               Other information
M&G plc is committed to achieving year-on-year improvement in the representation of gender and ethnicity in senior leadership
roles with goals of 40% women and 20% ethnicity by 2025. These goals, which define our commitments to the Hampton
Alexander Review, HM Treasury Women in Finance Charter, 30% Club and the Race at Work Charter, will be underpinned by
a range of initiatives that will fundamentally shift the way M&G plc recruits, retains and progresses colleagues through their
careers. We recognise that it will take some time to reduce our gender pay gap and, as with greater gender balance in senior
leadership, improving the gender balance in senior investment professional roles is key to our goal of positive year-on-year
improvement in the pay gap.

Relative importance of spend on pay
The following table shows the relative importance of spend on pay in 2020 compared to shareholder dividends, adjusted
operating profit before tax and total capital generation. These measures have been chosen as they are key performance
measures for the business which are linked to the financial measures in the Executive Directors’ STI performance scorecard
(as defined on page 119). No share buybacks were made in 2020.

                                                                                                      Adjusted operating profit                Total capital
    £m                                            Spend on pay                  Share dividends                     before taxi                 generationii

2020                                                        835                            562                             788                       995
2019                                                        628                             n/a                           1,149                    1,509
i     The STI measure is adjusted operating profit before tax as stated in the table adjusted to include restructuring costs.
ii    The STI measure is total capital generation as stated in the table adjusted to exclude market movements.




                                                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 131
Annual report on remuneration continued




 Statement of implementation of Remuneration Policy in 2021


   In this section                              2021 Salary review
                                                Incentive measures changes in 2021
                                                2021 Short-term incentive
                                                2021 Long-term incentive
                                                2021 Non-Executive director remuneration (Audited)


2021 Salary review
With effect from 1 April 2021 base salaries are as follows:

Name                                                                                                 Salary         Salary Increase

John Foley                                                                                   £980,000                       0.0%
Clare Bousfield                                                                               £558,200                      0.0%
The Committee concluded that salaries for the Executive Directors remained competitively positioned and that in line with other
senior leaders across the Company, no increase should apply for 2021. A salary review budget of 2.0% was operated for the
wider workforce, as explained in that section of the report. The next review will take place in Q1 2022.

Incentive measure changes 2021
For 2021 we have reviewed the scorecards to incorporate a broader range of measures aligned with key priorities for the Group
and to ensure that financial targets are appropriate in the context of the current external environment.
We have introduced non-financial measures to incentivise effective risk management, align with our sustainability objectives
and retain a strong alignment to customer outcomes, diversity, engagement and culture. We have retained a 30% weighting
for non-financial measures in the 2021 STI scorecard and, as before, it includes three equally weighted categories. We have
replaced digital enablement with a measure for Risk and Controls and retained the Customer and People/Culture measures.
For the 2021 LTIP, we have introduced a non-financial scorecard, with 25% weighting, comprising Risk and Conduct, Diversity
and Sustainability.
For the 2021 STI scorecard, we will also be introducing an investment performance measure in respect of our retail, wholesale
and institutional funds with a 5% weighting, alongside the With-Profits Fund investment performance metric which will have a
reduced weighting of 5%. This will enable the strength of investment performance across our assets under management to be
incorporated into the scorecards.
For the 2021 LTIP scorecard we have replaced cumulative total capital generation with cumulative operating capital generation.
This is also a key performance measure for the Company and given it excludes the impact of market fluctuations it is considered
a more appropriate measure to assess performance during a period with the potential for significant market volatility.
The Committee was satisfied that the Executive Directors retained alignment with shareholders on the impact of market
volatility through the 2020 LTIP awards, which had a 60% weighting for cumulative total capital generation, as well as a smaller
component in the 2019 LTIP awards. It also excludes restructuring costs, however, the Executive Directors remain firmly aligned
to the management of transformation and restructuring costs through the STI scorecard adjusted operating profit and total
capital generation measures, defined below.
There are no changes proposed to the other financial measures used in the incentive scorecards for 2021. However, in the LTIP
scorecard the weighting of the capital generation measure has been reduced to 50% (from 60%) and Relative TSR measure to
25% (from 40%) to accommodate the new non-financial measures. Further details of these measures are provided below.

2021 Short-term incentive
The maximum STI opportunity for our Executive Directors in 2021 is unchanged from 2020:
– Chief Executive – 250%
– Chief Financial Officer – 225%
The following table shows the 2021 STI scorecard of performance measures and weightings that will apply to both Executive
Directors. All measures in the scorecard will have a target and performance range with the exception of culture, which will be
based on an objective assessment of the deliverables and outcomes of the culture programme. Full details of the measures and
targets will be disclosed retrospectively with performance outcomes in the 2021 Annual Report on Remuneration due to the
commercial sensitivity of the targets, as they indicate the Company’s forward plan for the year.




132 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                  Metrics                                                                                  Weighting

Financial metrics                 Adjusted operating profit before tax including restructuring costs                            20%




                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
                                  Total capital generation excluding market movements                                           30%
                                  With-Profits renewal expense per policy                                                        5%
                                  With-Profits new business expense as % of flows                                                5%
                                  With-Profits Fund investment performance (three years)                                         5%
                                  Asset-weighted investment performance (one and three years)                                    5%
Non-financial metrics             Customer Outcomes                                                                             10%
                                  People/Culture and Engagement                                                                 10%
                                  Risk and Conduct                                                                              10%
2021 STI metrics definitions



                                                                                                                                         Governance
Metric                            Definition

Financial metrics
Adjusted operating profit         The definition of adjusted operating profit is given on page 283 of the supplementary
before tax including              information.
restructuring costs
Total capital                     The definition of total capital generation is given on page 283 of the supplementary information.
generation excluding
market movements
With-Profits                      Represents the renewal expenses, including associated restructuring costs, incurred by the




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
renewal expenses                  With-Profit Fund on a per-policy basis.
With-Profits new                  Represents new business expenses, including associated restructuring costs, incurred by the
business expenses                 With-Profits Fund as a proportion of new business flows and restructuring costs.
Investment performance            Represents three measures, equally weighted:
                                  – The three-year investment performance of the With-Profits Fund, relative to its benchmark,
                                    the ABI Mixed Investment 20-60% Shares fund; and
                                  – investment performance of retail, wholesale and institutional funds on an asset weighted
                                    basis over one and three years, measured against relevant benchmarks/targets, as appropriate.
Non-financial metrics
Customer outcomes                 Represents three separate measures across our Wealth and Heritage businesses aligned to:




                                                                                                                                         Other information
                                  – Digital Adoption – the percentage of total customer interactions that are undertaken using
                                    digital capability
                                  – NPS – three-month rolling net promoter score
                                  – Customer Complaints – the ratio of complaints received per 1,000 policies
                                  All measures have quantitative targets and performance ranges.
People/Culture                    The measure for the culture component is an assessment of the culture programme goals and
and Engagement                    milestones, which was launched in 2020 and is described on page 62 of this Annual Report,
                                  to assess that these have been met and that the implementation and management of the
                                  programme has been effective.
                                  The measure for the engagement component is the sustainable engagement index score
                                  outcome from the 2021 Employee Opinion One Voice survey, relative to a target and
                                  performance range.
Risk and Controls                 Represents three separate measures aligned to assessing the effectiveness of risk
                                  management culture across the Company. All measures have quantitative targets and
                                  performance ranges.

2021 Long-term incentive
The maximum LTIP awards for our Executive Directors in 2021 are unchanged from 2020:
– Chief Executive – 250%
– Chief Financial Officer– 225%




                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 133
Annual report on remuneration continued



The table below shows the 2021 LTIP scorecard of performance measures, weightings, targets and performance ranges that will
apply to both Executive Directors:

                                                                  Weighting          Threshold              Target           Maximum

                                                 Vesting                                  0%                 50%               100%
Cumulative operating
capital generation (£m)                                               50%                2,213             2,604               2,995
Risk and Conduct                                                      10%                            See definitions table for details
Diversity                                                             7.5%               33%                 35%                 37%
Sustainability – own
emissions reduction                                                   7.5%              14.7%              16.8%               18.9%
                                                 Vesting                                 25%                                   100%
Relative TSR percentile ranking                                       25%                50th                                    75th
Definitions:

Metric                              Definition

Cumulative operating                Defined as the cumulative operating capital generation over the three-year period from 1
capital generation                  January 2021 to 31 December 2023. The definition of operating capital generation is given in the
                                    supplementary information on page 283. For this metric there is 0% vesting for performance
                                    at or below threshold, 50% at target and 100% at maximum with straight-line interpolation
                                    between these points.
Risk and Conduct                    For the three-year performance period the outcome of this measure will be determined on
                                    a qualitative basis by reference to an independent report from the Chief Risk and Resilience
                                    Officer, approved by the Risk Committee, taking consideration of the following criteria:
                                    – Adherence to risk appetite policy and limits; and
                                    – Adherence to conduct/culture/governance policies and standards
                                    A detailed and transparent disclosure of how the Committee has determined the outcome
                                    of this measure will be provided at vesting of the awards.
Diversity                           The proportion of females within the senior leadership team at the end of 2023, defined as
                                    the Executive Committee and their direct reports. For this metric there is 0% vesting for
                                    performance at or below threshold, 50% at target and 100% at maximum with straight-line
                                    interpolation between these points.
Sustainability                      The percentage reduction in the Company’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions from the baseline
                                    position disclosed for 31/12/2019 in the 2019 Annual Report. The target aligns to our objective
                                    to achieve net zero emissions by 2030. Despite welcome reductions in 2020, we expect our
                                    emissions to increase once COVID-19 restrictions are lifted. We therefore intend to measure
                                    and report key performance indicators annually against our net zero 2019 base year. For this
                                    metric there is 0% vesting for performance at or below threshold, 50% at target and 100% at
                                    maximum with straight-line interpolation between these points.
Relative TSR ranking                Within a peer group of FTSE 100 financial services companies (excluding investment trusts).
                                    The starting point for TSR will be based on a 30-calendar day average of M&G plc and the peer
                                    group companies preceding the performance period. The end point will be based on an average
                                    of the last 30-calendar days of the performance period. For this metric there is 0% vesting for
                                    performance below threshold, 25% for achieving the median and 100% vesting for achieving
                                    upper quartile or above with straight-line interpolation between these points.

Non-Executive Director remuneration (Audited)
The fee structure applicable to the Non-Executive Directors in 2021 is detailed in the table below. No increase was applied in 2021
(or 2020). The fee structure will be subject to a further review for 2022:

£’000                                                                                         2021 fees                      2020 fees

Chair                                                                                             450                            450
Non-Executive Director basic annual fee                                                             75                             75
Senior Independent Director                                                                        30                              30
Chair of the Risk Committee                                                                        40                              40
Chairs of the Audit and Remuneration Committees                                                    30                              30
Members of the Risk, Audit and Remuneration Committees                                    15,0001015                             [x15
Members of the Nominations Committee                                                                10                             10




134 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 Other related disclosures




                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
  In this section                            Remuneration Committee
                                             External advisers to the committee
                                             Consideration of risk
                                             Consideration of shareholder views
                                             Voting outcomes and share dilution



Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee’s terms of reference can be found on the Company’s website at: www.mandgplc.com


                                                                                                                                        Governance
The Committee’s principal areas of focus are:
– Framework of the remuneration policies: Establishing, approving and maintaining the principles and framework of the
  remuneration policies and for the Group.
– Remuneration: Determining the design, implementation and operation of remuneration arrangements for the Chair of the
  Board, the Executive Directors, Group Executive Committee, individuals identified as Solvency II staff and Material Risk Takers
  under remuneration regulations that apply to the Group and overseeing remuneration for individuals whose total remuneration
  exceeds an amount determined by the Committee from time to time.
The Remuneration Committee comprises Robin Lawther (Chair), Clare Thompson, Massimo Tosato and Fiona Clutterbuck.




                                                                                                                                        Financial information
The Committee met six times during 2020 and full details of Committee member attendance can be found on page 81 of the
Governance Report. Other attendees during 2020 comprised: Mike Evans, Board Chair; Clive Adamson, Board member; and Jo
Dawson, Non-Executive Board member of PAC. Where appropriate the Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer, Chief HR Officer,
General Counsel, Chief Risk and Resilience Officer and Reward Director also attended meetings. No individual was in attendance
for discussions/decisions in respect of their own remuneration.
A summary of the activities undertaken by the Committee is presented below:
Q1 2020                                                         Q2 2020
– Salary review and incentive outcomes for the executives       – Annual share grants for STI deferrals and LTIPs
  and broader workforce                                         – AGM
– Completion and disclosure of the DRP and 2019 Annual          – Approval of the package for the hire of the new Chief Risk




                                                                                                                                        Other information
  Remuneration Report                                             and Resilience Officer, Peter Grewal
– 2020 individual performance objectives for the executives     – Amendments to the internal Remuneration Policy and
  (closed in Q2)                                                  governance framework to ensure effective alignment to
                                                                  management of conflicts of interest
Q3 2020                                                         Q4 2020
– Incentive plan forecasts and planning                         – Incentive plan forecasts and planning
– Workforce remuneration dashboard                              – Remuneration policy effectiveness (including
– Review of non-financial measures for 2021                       regulatory compliance)
– Advisor selection process (closed in Q4)                      – Review of sales/distribution incentive arrangements
                                                                – Review of financial and non-financial measures for 2021

External advisers to the Committee
PwC were appointed as interim advisers to the Remuneration Committee in May 2019 to provide guidance and advice to the Committee
through the period of demerger and listing of M&G plc and its first Directors’ Remuneration Policy and annual remuneration
reporting cycle.
During 2020, in addition to advice to the Committee, PwC provided other services to M&G plc including benchmarking data and
remuneration regulatory advice. This did not create a conflict with the advice received by the Remuneration Committee, which
is provided by PwC’s specialist Executive Remuneration practice. PwC are obliged to abide by the Remuneration Consultants
Code of Conduct. In addition to advice provided regarding remuneration, separate teams within PwC provided unrelated advice
in respect of assurance, advisory and tax. There were no current connections between PwC and individual Directors to be
disclosed. The Remuneration Committee is satisfied that the advice received from PwC is objective and independent. PwC is
a member of the Remuneration Consultants Group, whose voluntary code of conduct is designed to ensure objective advice is
provided to the Remuneration Committee.




                                                                                        M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 135
Annual report on remuneration continued



We note the intention to appoint PwC as independent auditors of M&G plc for the period commencing 1 January 2022. In Q3
2020 the Remuneration Committee commenced a formal tender process to identify and appoint a remuneration adviser.
Following this, Deloitte LLP were appointed as advisers to the Committee as of 2 December 2020. PwC’s availability to provide
full advice to the Remuneration Committee was retained to the end of 2020 and formally ceased in respect of forward looking
remuneration policy and implementation decisions as of 1 January 2021. The Committee retained PwC for a short period in 2021
for feedback and advice on the disclosure of decisions taken by the Committee during PwC’s tenure as advisor. We are confident
that there are no conflicts of interest.
Deloitte are founding members of the Remuneration Consultants Group and provide advice in line with its Code of Conduct.
The Committee is satisfied that the advice received from Deloitte is objective and independent. The Committee is comfortable
that Deloitte do not have any current connections with any individual M&G plc Directors that may impair their independence
and objectivity. In addition to advice regarding remuneration, separate teams from Deloitte also provided other unrelated
professional services to the Group during the year including technology change services, regulatory support, tax and transaction
related advice.

                   Key areas of advice                                                                                 Total fees 2020

PwC                Remuneration Policy including shareholder consultation, impact of COVID-19, Directors’                  £185,252
                   Remuneration Report and regulatory advice
Deloitte           Directors’ Remuneration Report and 2021 incentive measures                                                £8,900

Consideration of risk
The design and operation of all remuneration policies and incentive schemes must be aligned with the Company’s risk
management principles and policies through the appropriate use of performance measures and targets and the discretion
to adjust outcomes to reflect risk, compliance and conduct events.
The Risk Committee provides independent input to the Remuneration Committee to help with the assessment of scheme
design and outcomes to ensure that they are consistent with these principles and policies. A formal risk and compliance report,
compiled by the Chief Risk and Resilience Officer (CRRO) and approved by the Risk Committee is submitted to the Committee
annually to provide an assessment of:
– The appropriateness of scheme design for the coming year; and
– The effectiveness of the risk and control environment, material events and specific conduct and compliance issues over the
  one and three-year performance periods of awards to enable the Remuneration Committee to determine if the outcome of
  schemes are appropriate or if any adjustments should be applied at scheme or individual level.
Input from the report is also used to assess whether there have been any events that warrant the consideration of malus and/or
clawback on previously determined awards.
Any adjustments applied to scheme outcomes for the Executive Directors will be explained in the relevant Remuneration Report.
Sustainability risk
As a responsible investor we consider the sustainability risks of all our investments and advice by taking into consideration
ESG factors that have the potential to have a material financial impact and seek to incorporate them into our general risk
management framework. The effectiveness of sustainability risk management in investment decisions and advice is a
consideration in the CRRO Risk and Compliance report and adherence to relevant principles and policies is monitored and
reported to the Remuneration Committee as part of this report. In accordance with the 2021 M&G Remuneration Policy, any
failings to meet the required standards of these principles and policies will be transparently reflected in the determination of
remuneration outcomes.

Consideration of shareholder views
As with the consultation undertaken before the finalisation of our Directors’ Remuneration Policy, we contacted shareholders
representing over 50% of our register in January, along with advisory firms, to invite feedback before the planned changes
to incentive plan measures in the 2021 scorecards were finalised. Shareholders were generally supportive of the proposed
non-financial measures. The feedback received primarily emphasised the importance to shareholders that the rationale for all
measures is clearly explained with transparent and measurable performance objectives. The Committee adhered to these design
principles for the majority of measures. Where this was not possible for the two non-financial measures that are more qualitative
in design, a detailed and transparent explanation of how performance has been determined will be provided when outcomes
are disclosed.




136 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Voting outcomes at the annual general meeting (AGM) 2020
The following table provides the voting outcomes at the May 2020 AGM for the Directors’ Remuneration Policy and 2019 Annual
Remuneration Report.



                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
    Voting Item                                                                For                               Against                                Abstain

Remuneration Policy                                                   94.86%                                  5.14%
                                                           1,778,648,117 votes                     96,342,690 votes                       28,544,261 votesi
2019 Remuneration Report                                              90.69%                                  9.31%
                                                          1,702,599,489 votes                      174,876,823 votes                      26,058,756 votesi
i     Votes withheld are not votes in law and therefore have not been counted in the calculation of the proportion of the votes for and against a resolution.

Share dilution
All share plans operated by M&G plc which permit awards to be satisfied by issuing new shares contain dilution limits that comply
with the guidelines produced by the Investment Association on 31 December 2018. As at 31 December 2020 M&G plc’s standing


                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
against these dilution limits was:
– 0.33% (0.93% at 31 December 2019) where the guideline is no more than 5% in any 10 years under all discretionary share plans
– 1.21% (1.46% at 31 December 2019) where the guideline is no more than 10% in any 10 years under all share plans

Statement on external directorships
Details of external directorships held by the Executive Directors’ can be found on page 82 of the Annual Report.
The Directors Remuneration report was approved by the Board on 8 March 2021.
Robin Lawther, CBE




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial information
Remuneration Committee Chair
8 March 2021




                                                                                                                                                                  Other information




                                                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 137
Directors’ Remuneration Policy

Directors ̓ Remuneration Policy
Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors
The Remuneration Policy, which took effect from 27 May 2020, has been designed to align with and support our key strategic
priorities to create long-term sustainable performance, shareholder value and positive customer outcomes within an inclusive
and engaging culture for our employees. Key principles behind the design of the policy were as follows:
– Remuneration packages are appropriately positioned relative to the scope and complexity of the roles and relevant
  market benchmarks to attract, retain and motivate executives with the required skills and experience to deliver our
  strategic objectives;
– Simple and transparent incentives provide clear alignment of objectives and performance with our financial and non-financial
  strategic priorities;
– A strong focus on adherence to our risk management policies and appetite limits to ensure performance is delivered in the
  long-term interests of the company, customers and shareholders;
– Balancing the interest of shareholders and customers through the combination of performance measures adopted in the
  incentive schemes that mitigate the risk of conflicts of interest;
– Strong alignment between remuneration and the long-term interests of the company through a significant proportion of executive
  packages being delivered in shares for three to five years, a shareholding requirement policy and two-year post-employment
  shareholding requirement policy;
– Key focus on positive customer outcomes and quality of customer engagement;
– Support for the Group’s purpose and values to build a safe, respectful and inclusive culture through remuneration policies
  and schemes that promote and reward good conduct and behaviours for the benefit of our customers and colleagues; and
– Promotion of a positive culture for employees and customers with demonstrable alignment to remuneration outcomes where
  our standards for conduct and behaviours are not met, including a robust individual performance assessment process and
  malus and clawback policy.

Remuneration Strategic alignment                             Maximum                            Performance
element      and operation                                   opportunity                        measures

Base salary Base salaries are appropriately positioned      There are no prescribed             Both individual and Company
            to attract and retain executives with the       maximum salary levels, but any      performance will be taken into
            required skills and experience to deliver our   increase will be below or in line   consideration when determining
            strategic objectives.                           with increases for the general      base salary increases.
            Base salaries are paid in monthly instalments   workforce in an ordinary year.
            and are normally reviewed annually with         The Remuneration Committee
            increases normally effective from 1 April       will retain the discretion to
            each year.                                      award increases at a level
            In reviewing base salaries, the Remuneration    greater than that applied to
            Committee takes into account a number of        the general workforce if the
            factors, including:                             Remuneration Committee
                                                            deems it appropriate to do so.
               – company and individual performance;
                                                            The Remuneration Committee
               – the scope/size of the roles and the skills will consider the impact of
                 and experience of the Executive Directors; increasing base salary on other
               – increases amongst the general workforce elements of remuneration to
                 and affordability; and                     ensure total remuneration
                                                            remains appropriate.
               – and benchmarking information for
                 FTSE 100 financial services companies
                 with operations consisting of one or
                 a combination of insurance, asset
                 management and wealth management
                 with market capitalisation within a
                 reasonable range of M&G plc.




138 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Remuneration Strategic alignment                                  Maximum                             Performance
element      and operation                                        opportunity                         measures

Benefits      Benefits are provided to ensure our                 Cover levels are defined within     There are no performance



                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
              remuneration packages are appropriate               the terms of each benefit           measures for benefits.
              to attract and retain executives with the           with maximum opportunity
              required skills and experience to deliver our       dependent on the terms of
              strategic objectives.                               the insurer and individual
              Benefits are provided to Executive Directors        circumstances.
              at a market competitive level, taking into          There is no maximum
              account benefits offered to other employees         opportunity defined for the
              within M&G.                                         Chief Executive’s additional
              Core benefits currently provided to                 benefits. The cost of these
              Executive Directors include:                        benefits is monitored to ensure
                                                                  they align with the intended
              – Life assurance;                                   benefit and are reasonable for
                                                                  the services provided.

                                                                                                                                             Governance
              – Disability insurance and Critical
                Illness insurance;
              – Private health insurance (including
                eligibility for his or her spouse or civil
                partner and dependent children); and
              – Annual health screening.
              The Executive Directors are able to
              participate in self-funded voluntary benefits
              and discounted M&G products in line with




                                                                                                                                             Financial information
              other employees.
              Executive Directors are eligible to participate
              in UK all-employee share plans, which
              currently comprises HMRC-approved
              Sharesave and SIP plans, on the same terms
              as other employees.
              The Chief Executive has retained eligibility
              for certain additional benefits from his previous
              employment with Prudential plc comprising
              a car/driver, international medical cover
              and home security costs. These additional
              benefits are exceptional to the Remuneration




                                                                                                                                             Other information
              Policy and will not be provided to any other
              existing or future Executive Directors.
Pension       Pension contributions as a percentage               13% of base salary per annum,       There are no performance
              of salary are aligned with the general              or, if applicable, standard         measures for pension
              workforce at a level sufficient to ensure our       defined benefit accrual rates in    contributions.
              remuneration packages are appropriate               line with the pension plan rules.
              to attract and retain executives with the
              required skills and experience to deliver our
              strategic objectives.
              Executive Directors are eligible for employer
              contributions in respect of the Company’s
              defined contribution pension scheme which
              may be received in part or in full in cash,
              unless they have an entitlement to accrue
              benefits within one of M&G’s closed defined
              benefit pension schemes, which they would
              retain in line with any other employee with
              the same legacy entitlement.
              The approach to pension arrangements for
              the Executive Directors is in line with the
              wider workforce.




                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 139
Directors’ Remuneration Policy continued




Remuneration Strategic alignment                               Maximum                     Performance
element      and operation                                     opportunity                 measures

Short-Term STI awards are designed to provide clear            STI awards are subject to   The scorecard of performance
Incentives alignment of objectives and performance             an annual limit of 250%     measures will comprise a
(STI)      with the delivery of our financial and non-         of base salary for the      combination of financial and non-
           financial strategic objectives annually. The        Executive Directors.        financial measures, with financial
           deferred share component of STI provides                                        measures comprising at least
           longer-term alignment with the interests of                                     50 per cent of the scorecard.
           the company and shareholder value creation.                                     Performance measures and
           Executive Directors are eligible to participate                                 weightings are determined
           in an annual STI plan at the discretion of the                                  annually to ensure alignment with
           Committee. Performance measures and                                             the business plan and strategy.
           weightings are determined annually and may                                      The Remuneration Committee
           vary to ensure alignment with the business                                      has discretion to adjust formulaic
           plan and strategy.                                                              outcomes if they are not
               A threshold, target and maximum                                             considered to be representative
               performance level is set for each measure,                                  of the overall financial
               with an outcome of 0% for threshold                                         performance of the company.
               performance or below and 50% of maximum                                     Any adjustments applied will be
               for on-target performance.                                                  explained in the relevant annual
               Performance outcomes are subject to a                                       remuneration report.
               discretionary downward risk adjustment                                      Performance targets and
               taking consideration of an annual report                                    ranges will be disclosed with
               from the Risk Committee, including an                                       the performance outcomes
               assessment of risk and compliance events                                    of STI awards in the annual
               and the effectiveness of risk management                                    remuneration report published
               relative to M&G’s risk appetite during the                                  at the end of the performance
               performance period. Any adjustments                                         period for the STI awards.
               applied will be explained in the relevant
               annual remuneration report.
               50 per cent of any STI payable to an
               Executive Director will be deferred for three
               years into an award of M&G shares under
               the Deferred Incentive Plan. The rate of
               deferral may be adjusted upwards to meet
               remuneration regulatory requirements
               where required.
               Dividend equivalents may accrue on
               deferred share awards, based on dividends
               paid to shareholders during the vesting
               period. These may accrue either in cash
               or shares on a reinvestment basis and are
               subject to the same terms, including vesting
               date, as the deferred share award.
               Adjustments may be made to deferred share
               awards in certain circumstances including
               rights issues, corporate restructuring and
               special dividends, if the Remuneration
               Committee deems it appropriate to do so.
               Malus and/or clawback provisions apply
               to both cash and deferred STI awards, as
               described in further detail in on page 142.




140 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Remuneration Strategic alignment                                Maximum                           Performance
element      and operation                                      opportunity                       measures

Long-Term     LTIP awards are designed to provide long-         LTIP awards are subject to a      The performance conditions



                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
Incentive     term alignment of executive remuneration          limit of 250% of base salary in   may comprise a combination
Plan          to sustained business performance                 respect of any financial year.    of financial (including TSR) and
(LTIP)        relative to long-term strategic objectives        An exceptional limit of 400%      non-financial measures, with
              and shareholder value creation. Executive         of base salary may be utilised    financial measures comprising at
              Directors are eligible to participate in an       at the discretion of the          least 75 per cent of the scorecard.
              LTIP at the discretion of the Committee.          Remuneration Committee            Performance measures and
              Awards are normally granted annually              in respect of the year of         weightings for the grant of new
              over M&G plc shares.                              recruitment of a new Executive    awards are determined annually
              Awards are subject to performance                 Director only.                    to ensure alignment with the
              conditions which are measured over a three-                                         business plan and strategy.
              year vesting period from 1 January of the                                           The Remuneration Committee
              year of grant with vesting occurring on the                                         has discretion to adjust formulaic
                                                                                                  outcomes if they are not

                                                                                                                                          Governance
              third anniversary of the grant date. Vested
              awards are subject to an additional holding                                         considered to be representative
              period of two years.                                                                of the overall financial
              A threshold and maximum performance                                                 performance of the company.
              level is set for each measure, with straight                                        Any adjustments applied will be
              line interpolation for performance between                                          explained in the relevant annual
              these levels. At threshold performance,                                             remuneration report.
              0% will vest for all metrics with the exception                                     The Remuneration Committee
              of TSR, for which 25% will vest. There is                                           has discretion to amend or
              zero vesting for performance below the                                              replace performance measures
              threshold. Maximum performance will                                                 where it reasonably considers it




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
              result in 100% vesting.                                                             appropriate to do so, provided
              Performance outcomes are subject to a                                               that the amended conditions are
              discretionary downward risk adjustment                                              not materially less challenging.
              taking consideration of a report from the Risk                                      Performance measures, targets
              Committee, including an assessment of risk                                          and ranges will be disclosed in
              and compliance events and the effectiveness                                         the implementation section of
              of risk management relative to M&G’s risk                                           the annual remuneration report
              appetite during the performance period. Any                                         for the year prior to the grant of
              adjustments applied will be explained in the                                        LTIP awards.
              relevant annual remuneration report.
              Dividend equivalents may accrue on
              LTIP awards, based on dividends paid to



                                                                                                                                          Other information
              shareholders during the vesting period. In
              line with the plan rules, dividend equivalents
              may also accrue during any applicable post-
              vesting holding period. These may accrue
              either in cash or shares on a reinvestment
              basis and are subject to the same terms,
              including vesting date, performance
              conditions and holding period, as the LTIP
              share award.
              Adjustments may be made to deferred share
              awards in certain circumstances including
              rights issues, corporate restructuring and
              special dividends, if the Remuneration
              Committee deems it appropriate to do so.
              Malus and clawback provisions apply to
              LTIP awards during the vesting and holding
              periods. Further detail can be found on
              page 142.




                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 141
Directors’ Remuneration Policy continued




Malus and clawback
All STI and LTIPs operated by M&G are subject to malus and clawback provisions in the following circumstances:


Application to STI                              – Cash STI                                 – Clawback for 3 years from the
                                                – Deferred STI (in shares)                   payment date
                                                                                           – Malus for the 3-year vesting period
Application to LTIP                             – 3-year vesting period                    – Malus for the 3-year vesting period
                                                – 2-year holding period                    – Clawback for the 2-year holding period
The circumstances in which the Remuneration Committee may consider the application of malus and/or clawback are defined in
the plan rules and can be summarised as follows:
– a material misstatement of published accounts;
– an error in the calculation of performance outcomes or such calculation being based on inaccurate information;
– material risk management failures;
– gross misconduct;
– breach of an applicable law, regulation or code of practice;
– actions leading to reputational harm to the company; or
– corporate failure.
Malus can be applied to an alternative unvested award to satisfy a clawback event on a vested/released award.
Legacy arrangements
Executive Directors may be eligible to receive any payments from any remuneration arrangements in effect prior to the approval
of this Remuneration Policy (including vesting of share awards granted prior to the listing of M&G plc or prior to the appointment
to the Board). Details of any such payments will be set out in the applicable annual remuneration report as they arise.
Remuneration Committee discretion
The Remuneration Committee retains discretion in the operation and administration of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, noting
that no material changes will be made to the advantage of the Executive Directors without obtaining shareholder approval.
This includes (but is not limited to) the following:
– the Executives’ participation in the company’s incentive plans;
– the timing of awards including grant, vesting and release dates;
– the size of awards and vesting levels within the limits set out in this policy (including the exceptional LTIP limit of 400%
  for new appointments);
– the performance measures and weighting for STI and LTIP awards within the terms set out in this policy;
– the adjustment of formulaic outcomes of incentive awards for risk management issues or where the outcomes are not
  reflective of overall company performance;
– the settlement of any share awards in cash in exceptional circumstances;
– the determination of good leaver status and treatment of unvested awards in line with this policy and incentive plan rules;
– the extent to which malus and clawback should apply to any award;
– the adjustment of awards in certain circumstances including rights issue, corporate restructuring, change of control and
  special dividends;
– the amendment or replacement of performance measures where it reasonably considers it appropriate to do so, provided
  that the amended conditions are not materially less challenging; and
– to amend the policy to ensure continued compliance with any applicable remuneration regulations.
Performance measures
Performance measures and targets for the STI and LTIP include a balance of financial and non-financial measures aligned with
the Company’s key short and long-term strategic priorities:
– stretching financial targets to deliver growth and create financial flexibility for investment opportunities to build capabilities in
  high value-added areas and expand our proposition in the UK and internationally. Financial targets are approved by the Board
  through a rigorous process taking consideration of market conditions, competitor practices and forecasts;
– balancing the interest of policyholders and shareholders;
– creating and maintaining positive experience and outcomes for our customers;
– creating an inclusive and engaging culture that supports the company’s diversity and inclusion objectives to provide equality
  of opportunity for all who apply for and perform work for the company;
– adhering to a robust risk management policy and risk appetite limits; and
– aligning with the long-term sustainable success of the company and value creation for shareholders.
142 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Shareholding requirement

Executive Director                                                 Shareholding requirement




                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
Chief Executive Officer                                            300% of base salary
Chief Financial Officer                                            200% of base salary
Align executives with the long-term interests of the company, customers and shareholders through a requirement to hold shares
both during and post-employment.
Executive Directors must attain the shareholding requirement and maintain this level of holding within 5 years of this policy
coming into effect or, for new appointments, of becoming an Executive Director.
In addition to personally owned shares, unvested shares not subject to performance conditions (deferred STI awards and LTIP
share awards subject to a holding period) will count towards the requirement on a net-of-tax value basis. Executive Directors
must hold vested shares until the requirement is met except in exceptional circumstances with the approval of the Chair.
Shareholding levels will be tested annually following completion of the annual grant and vesting of awards, which will be


                                                                                                                                                    Governance
disclosed in the annual remuneration report.
A post-employment shareholding requirement will be operated for the Executive Directors requiring them to maintain their
shareholding requirement or actual shareholding, if lower, at the point of departure in full for 2 years post-employment
(following the same methodology as set out above).
External appointments
The Executive Directors may take up external directorships and retain the fees for such appointments with the approval of the
Board. All external appointments will be disclosed in the annual remuneration report.
Remuneration regulations




                                                                                                                                                    Financial information
This Policy has been designed to ensure compliance with all remuneration regulations applicable to the company.
The Remuneration Committee reserves discretion to amend the policy if it is required to do so in order to maintain compliance
with any new or amended regulations.
Scenario charts
This policy is designed to ensure that executive remuneration is directly aligned with the delivery of key financial and non-
financial performance objectives and the creation of shareholder value, achieved in accordance with the company’s policies
and values for risk management, conduct, customer and culture. The majority of the remuneration packages are in the form of
incentive awards with the maximum values only achievable with significant outperformance of business plans and objectives.
Two-thirds of the incentives are delivered in shares to maintain close alignment with shareholders. The table below illustrates
the potential earnings of each Executive Director in four performance scenarios:




                                                                                                                                                    Other information
Chief Executive
                                                                                                                                           ’000s
Below threshold                  100%                                                                                                     £1,427

Target                            36%               31%               33%                                                                 £3,951

Maximum                           23%                        39%                              39%                                         £6,327

Maximum with 50%                  17%                              38%                                     45%                            £8,165
share price growth
                   0                            £2,000,000                  £4,000,000              £6,000,000               £8,000,000
  Fixed     STI        LTIP

Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                                                           ’000s
Below threshold            100%                                                                                                            £637

Target                     33%      33%       34%                                                                                         £1,930

Maximum                    20%          40%                  40%                                                                          £3,149

Maximum with 50%           16%            38%                       46%                                                                   £4,091
share price growth
                       0                        £2,000,000                  £4,000,000              £6,000,000               £8,000,000
  Fixed     STI        LTIP




                                                                                                    M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 143
Directors’ Remuneration Policy continued



The performance scenarios incorporate the following assumptions:



Fixed remuneration                Comprising the 2021 base salary, benefits (based on the 2020 single figure) and a 13%
                                  pension contribution.
Target remuneration               Fixed remuneration plus the value that would arise from the incentives for achieving on-target
                                  performance:
                                  – STI with a 50% outcome for on-target performance.
                                  – LTIP with a 53% outcome for on-target performance (financial/non-financial measures with
                                    a 50% outcome and TSR with a performance scale mid-point of 62.5%).
Maximum remuneration              Fixed remuneration plus the value that would arise from the incentives for achieving
                                  maximum performance.
Maximum remuneration with         Maximum remuneration increased for the assumption that the share components of the package
50% share price growth            (deferred STI and LTIP awards) increase in value by 50% from the share price at grant.
Remuneration Policy for new appointments
Remuneration packages for new Executive Directors (including those promoted internally) will be in line with the requirements
of this Policy including maximum incentive levels. If required, awards may be granted to replace awards or amounts forfeited by
a previous employer (buyout awards). Any buyout awards would be limited to what is considered to be a fair estimate of the value
of remuneration forfeited and with equivalent terms (including vesting dates and performance conditions). The grant value of
buyout awards are not subject to the maximum limits described in this policy.
The Company may cover reasonable legal costs and certain relocation expenses in accordance with the Company’s relocation
policy for new appointments.
New Executive Directors may be eligible for an LTIP award up to the exceptional maximum opportunity of 400% of salary in the
year of hire, at the discretion of the Committee.
Service agreements
All Executive Directors have service agreements of an indefinite duration that can be terminated by either party by serving
12 months’ notice. Under this policy this is the maximum notice period that may be applied to Executive Directors. The terms of
the service agreements are considered to be in line with current best practice for executive directors. The service contracts are
available for inspection on request from the company’s offices.
Loss of Office
In the event of the termination of an Executive Director, the terms of the termination will be determined by reference to the service
agreement, this policy, the rules of relevant incentive plans and the signing of a settlement agreement, as detailed in the
table below:

Element                                 Policy

Notice period                           – Twelve months from either party.
                                        – The company may require that all or an element of the notice period be taken as
                                          gardening leave.
                                        – The company may elect to pay-in-lieu of notice for all or a portion of the contractual notice
                                          period. In this instance payment would be restricted to salary only and may be delivered
                                          monthly to mitigate loss.
                                        – Any holiday entitlement will be pro-rated to reflect the proportion of the year employed.
                                          Any outstanding holiday entitlement must be used during the notice period.
                                        – If an executive is dismissed for cause, there will be no notice period or payment made for
                                          loss of office.
Termination payments                    Consistent with other employees, Executive Directors may receive payments to
                                        compensate them for the loss of employment rights on termination, subject to entering into
                                        a satisfactory settlement agreement. Payments may include a nominal amount for agreeing
                                        to non-solicitation and confidentiality clauses, insurance cover for a specified period
                                        following the termination date, outplacement services, legal fees or repatriation assistance.
                                        In the event of redundancy a payment may be made in accordance with the company
                                        redundancy policy in effect at that time.
STI awards                              A good leaveri will be entitled to a pro-rated STI award for the period worked (excluding
                                        garden leave) during the year, determined and paid through the normal process and subject
                                        to normal terms, including deferral.
                                        There is no entitlement to an STI award in the year of termination for a bad leaver.




144 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
    Element                                   Policy

Treatment of incentive awards                 Unvested deferred STI awards for good leaversi continue to their normal vesting date.
                                              Unvested awards for bad leavers will lapse.



                                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
                                              Unvested LTIP awards for good leaversi will continue to their normal vesting date, pro-rated
                                              for the time worked during the performance period. The Remuneration Committee has
                                              discretion to waive the pro-ration of LTIP awards, should they deem this to be appropriate.
                                              Unvested awards for bad leavers will lapse.
                                              Vested LTIP awards subject to a holding period will remain subject to the holding period
                                              until the original release date.
                                              All awards continue to be subject to their original terms, including malus, clawback and
                                              holding periods.
                                              The Remuneration Committee has discretion to accelerate the vesting and release of
                                              awards for good leavers in exceptional circumstances.
Change of control                             In the event of a change of control of the Company, the Remuneration Committee may


                                                                                                                                                              Governance
                                              determine that:
                                              – STI awards for the year during which the change of control occurred may either continue
                                                to be determined on the basis of the whole year or may be pro-rated to the date of the
                                                change of control.
                                              – Unvested deferred STI awards are exchanged or replaced with equivalent awards over
                                                shares in another company, continuing to their normal vesting date, or that the vesting
                                                of the awards is accelerated to the date of the change of control.
                                              – Unvested LTIP awards are exchanged or replaced with equivalent awards in another
                                                company, continuing to their normal vesting date and subject to the same or equivalent




                                                                                                                                                              Financial information
                                                performance conditions, or that the vesting of awards is accelerated to the date of the
                                                change of control. If the awards are accelerated, they will be subject to pro-ration and
                                                an assessment of the extent to which the performance conditions have been achieved.
                                                The Remuneration Committee has discretion to waive the pro-ration of LTIP awards if this
                                                is deemed appropriate.
i     Good leaver applies in the event of death, disability, redundancy and sale of the company/business in which an individual works. Other leavers may be
      granted good leaver status at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee (which may include retirement).

Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors
    Element                                   Policy




                                                                                                                                                              Other information
Fees                                          – Fees take account of the time commitment and responsibilities of the roles and market
                                                reference points for comparable FTSE organisations.
                                              – The Chair receives a base fee which is reviewed annually by the
                                                Remuneration Committee.
                                              – Non-Executive Directors receive a base fee and additional fees for other Board roles such
                                                as Chairship or membership of a committee, acting as the Senior Independent Director
                                                or subsidiary Board roles. Fees are reviewed annually by non-conflicted members of
                                                the Board.
                                              – Independent advice is considered in all fee reviews.
Benefits                                      – Private medical insurance is provided to the Chair.
                                              – The Chair and Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to participate in the Company’s
                                                pension or incentive arrangements.
                                              – Expenses incurred to undertake the role may be reimbursed by the Company.
                                                The Company may pay any tax due on reimbursed expenses.
Recruitment                                   Fees for a new Non-Executive Director will be aligned with the fee structure applicable
                                              to other Non-Executive Directors at the time of appointment.
Notice period                                 – Chair: 6 months by either party without liability for compensation.
                                              – NED: 6 months by either party without liability for compensation.
Key terms of appointment                      The Chair and Non-Executive Directors are subject to annual re-election at the AGM.
Note on changes since the last policy
There have been no changes to the policy since it was approved by shareholders in May 2020.




                                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 145
Directors’ Report

Directors’ Report
The Directors present their Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. The Directors’ Report comprises the
Governance section (pages 78 to 145), and the Directors’ Strategic Report (pages 2 to 76). In addition, the risk factors set out on
pages 68 to 75 and the additional unaudited financial information set out on pages 283 to 296 are incorporated by reference in
the Directors Report. In accordance with the UK Financial Conduct Authority’s Listing Rules (LR 9.8.4C), the information to be
included in the Annual Report and Accounts, where applicable, under LR 9.8.4, is set out in this Directors’ Report.

Directors
The names and details of the current Directors, along with their biographical details as at the date of this Report, are set out on
pages 82 to 83. The Directors who served during 2020 are set out below:
 Director                                       Appointment                                   Resignation
Clive Adamson                                   22 March 2019
Fiona Clutterbuck                               9 October 2020
Mike Evans                                      1 October 2018
Robin Lawther                                   22 March 2019                                 Effective 15 March 2021
John Foley                                      2 July 2018
Clare Bousfield                                 23 January 2019
Caroline Silver                                 22 March 2019                                 27 May 2020
Clare Thompson                                  7 May 2019
Massimo Tosato                                  1 April 2020

Strategic Report                                one member, the proxy has one vote            laws) and pursuant to the Listing Rules
                                                for and one vote against if instructed by     of both the Financial Conduct Authority
The Strategic Report on pages 2 to
                                                one or more members to vote for the           as well as under the rules of some of
76 is incorporated by reference and
                                                resolution and by one or more members         the Group’s employee share plans.
shall be deemed to form part of this
                                                to vote against the resolution. Where,        All Executive Directors are required to
Directors’ Report.
                                                under an employee share scheme,               hold a minimum number of shares under
Powers of the Board                             participants are the beneficial owners        guidelines approved by the Board, which
The Board may exercise all powers               of the shares but not the registered          they would also be expected to retain as
conferred on it by the Company’s                owners, the voting rights are normally        described on page 127 of the Directors’
Articles and the Companies Act                  exercisable by Sanne Fiduciary                Remuneration Report.
2006. This includes the powers of the           Services Limited and Equiniti Share
                                                                                              Authority to issue shares
Company to borrow money and to                  Plan Trustees Limited (The Trustees) in
                                                accordance with the relevant plan rules.      The Directors require authority from
mortgage or charge any of its assets
                                                The Trustees would not usually vote any       shareholders in relation to the issue
(subject to the limitations set out in the
                                                unallocated shares held in trust, but they    of shares. Whenever shares are issued,
Companies Act 2006 and the Company’s
                                                may do so at their discretion provided it     these must be offered to existing
Articles) and to give a guarantee,
                                                would be considered to be in the best         shareholders pro-rata to their holdings
security or indemnity in respect of a
                                                interests of the beneficiaries of the trust   unless the Directors have been given
debt or other obligation of the Company.
                                                and permitted under the relevant trust        authority by shareholders to issue
A copy of the Company’s Articles can
                                                deed. As at 8 March 2021, Trustees            shares without offering them first to
be found in the Corporate Governance
                                                held 2.66% of the issued share capital        existing shareholders. M&G plc will
section of our website.
                                                under the various plans in operation.         seek authority from its shareholders on
Share capital                                   Rights to dividends under the various         an annual basis to issue shares up to a
                                                schemes are set out in the Directors’         maximum amount, of which a defined
Issued share capital
                                                Remuneration Report.                          number may be issued without
The issued share capital as at                                                                pre-emption. Disapplication of statutory
31 December 2020 consisted of                   Restrictions on transfer                      pre-emption procedures is also sought
2,599,906,866 ordinary shares of                In accordance with English company            for rights issues. Relevant resolutions to
5 pence each, all fully paid up and             law, shares may be transferred by an          authorise share capital issuances will be
listed on the London Stock Exchange.            instrument of transfer or through an          put to shareholders at the AGM which is
Rights and obligations                          electronic system (currently CREST)           expected to take place on 26 May 2021.
                                                and any transfer is not restricted
The rights and obligations attaching                                                          Authority to purchase own shares
                                                except that the Directors may, in certain
to the Company’s shares are set out in                                                        The Directors require authority from
                                                circumstances, refuse to register transfers
full in the Articles. There are currently                                                     shareholders in relation to the purchase
                                                of shares but only if such refusal does
no voting restrictions on the ordinary                                                        of the Company’s own shares. M&G plc
                                                not prevent dealings in the shares from
shares, all of which are fully paid, and                                                      will seek authority by special resolution
                                                taking place on an open and proper
each share carries one vote on a poll.                                                        on an annual basis for the buyback of
                                                basis. If the Directors make use of that
If votes are cast on a show of hands,                                                         its own shares in accordance with the
                                                power, they must send the transferee
each shareholder present in person or                                                         relevant provisions of the Companies
                                                notice of the refusal within two months.
by proxy, or in the case of a corporation,                                                    Act 2006 and other related guidance.
                                                Certain restrictions may be imposed
each of its duly authorised corporate                                                         A special resolution will be put to
                                                from time to time by applicable laws and
representatives, has one vote except                                                          shareholders at the AGM which is
                                                regulations (for example, insider trading
that if a proxy is appointed by more than
146 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
expected to take place on 26 May 2021.           shareholders can receive funds more           time frame to be replaced by a new
There were no share buybacks in the              quickly, more securely and in a more          lender, or to cancel its commitment,
period to 31 December 2020.                      environmentally friendly way.                 under the Facility whereupon the
                                                                                               Company shall be required to repay



                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
Major shareholders                               Political donations                           each loan made to it on the last day of
The table below shows the holdings of            The Group does not make                       the interest period for that loan, and
major shareholders in the Company’s              political donations.                          any loan repaid may be reborrowed
issued ordinary share capital, as at                                                           from a new lender, subject to the terms
31 December 2020, as notified and                Equal opportunities                           of the Facility. Under a £107 million
disclosed to the Company in accordance           and employment of                             and two £53.6 million revolving loan
with the Disclosure Guidance and                 disabled persons                              facilities between the Company and the
Transparency Rules. The Company is                                                             bank named therein as lender (Lender)
                                                 M&G plc’s Global Diversity and Inclusion
not aware of any agreements between                                                            dated 27 March 2019 (the Facility), in
                                                 Policy ensures that equal opportunities
holders of securities which may result in                                                      the event that any person or group of
                                                 are afforded to all colleagues, candidates
restrictions on the transfer of securities                                                     persons acting in concert directly or
                                                 and suppliers in an environment in


                                                                                                                                                 Governance
or on voting rights.                                                                           indirectly gains control of the Company
                                                 which each is treated with dignity and
 Shareholder          % of total voting rights   respect. Clearly documented processes         and its subsidiaries, then the Lender
Blackrock, Inc.       6.61%                      are in place to ensure diversity and          may elect within a prescribed time
                                                 inclusion is embedded in the culture of       frame to be replaced by a new lender,
The Capital Group
Companies, Inc        5.19%                      the workplace and that we comply with         or to cancel its commitment, under the
                                                 statutory and regulatory requirements         Facility whereupon the Company shall
Norges Bank           4.93%
                                                 in the local labour market; provide           be required to repay each loan made
Dividend information                             equality of opportunity for all who           to it, together with accrued interest
                     Shareholders                apply for and perform work for M&G            and all other amounts accrued under
                                                                                               the Facility, which shall in each case be




                                                                                                                                                 Financial information
                     registered on the           plc irrespective of sex, race, age,
 2020 dividend       UK register                                                               immediately due and payable, on the last
                                                 ethnic origin, educational, social and
Ex-dividend date     18 March 2021               cultural background, marital or civil         day of the interest period for that loan.
Record date          19 March 2021               partnership status, religion or belief,
                                                                                               Risk management
Payment date         28 April 2021               sexual orientation or disability; and allow
                                                 for reasonable adjustments to support         objectives and policies
A number of dividend waivers are in              those with special requirements.              Details of the framework which allows
place and these relate to shares issued          Moreover, we encourage the same               M&G to manage risk within agreed
but not allocated under the Group’s              standards of our recruitment and              appetite levels is set out on pages 66
employee share plans. These shares               consultant suppliers. The Company’s           and 67. In this section is information on
are held by the Trustees and will, in due        goals around women in senior executive        risk culture and governance, systems
course, be used to satisfy requirements          positions can be found on page 61 and         of internal control, how risks are



                                                                                                                                                 Other information
under the Group’s employee share plans.          the proportion of women on the Board          categorised and how risk appetites
                                                 and in senior executive positions can         and levels are set. Specific information
Cash dividend alternative                                                                      around risk management objectives,
                                                 be found on page 80. The Company’s
The Company operates a Dividend                  ethnicity targets can be found on             policies (e.g. hedging) and exposure
Re-investment Plan (DRIP).                       page 61.                                      (e.g. price, credit, liquidity, cash flow risk)
Shareholders who have elected for the                                                          is contained in the financial statements
DRIP will automatically receive shares for       Change of control                             on pages 241 to 256.
all future dividends in respect of which a       There are a number of agreements
DRIP alternative is offered. The election        that take effect, alter or terminate upon     Environmental, employee
may be cancelled at any time by the              a change of control of the Company,           and social policies
shareholder. Further details of the              such as commercial contracts, bank            Policies relating to environmental
DRIP can be found on our website at              loan agreements, property lease               matters, the Company’s employees and
https://www.mandgplc.com/investors/              arrangements and employee share               social, community and human rights
shareholder-information/mandg-                   plans. In the context of the Group as a       issues can be found on pages 42-63
dividend-reinvestment-plan.                      whole, none of these is deemed to be          of this Report.
The September 2020 M&G plc dividend              significant in terms of their potential
                                                 impact except for that listed below.          Transactions with
payment was the last for which
cheques were issued. The ability to
                                                                                               related parties
                                                 Credit facilities
receive dividend payments by cheque                                                            The Company and its related parties
                                                 Under a £1,286 million multi-currency
is being withdrawn from the next                                                               comprise members of the M&G plc
                                                 revolving credit facility between the
dividend payment, expected to take                                                             Group, as well as the Group’s joint
                                                 Company and the banks and financial
place on or around 28 April 2021.                                                              ventures and associates and any entities
                                                 institutions named therein as lenders
Dividends will instead be paid by direct                                                       controlled by those parties. Note 37 to
                                                 (Lenders) dated 27 March 2019 (the
debit or shareholders can join the                                                             the consolidated financial statements
                                                 Facility), in the event that any person
Dividend Re-investment Plan to use                                                             on page 258 sets out details of related
                                                 or group of persons acting in concert
their dividend to purchase further M&G                                                         party transactions.
                                                 directly or indirectly gains control of the
plc shares. Receiving dividends in this          Company and its subsidiaries, then any
way, rather than by cheque, means                Lender may elect within a prescribed

                                                                                               M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 147
Directors’ Report continued




Directors’ and executives’                      The Board undertook a comprehensive          in office, and a resolution that they be
beneficial interests                            going concern assessment to satisfy          reappointed will be proposed at the
                                                themselves of the appropriateness of the     Annual General Meeting expected to
Details of Directors’ and executives’
                                                use of the going concern assumptions in      take place on 26 May 2021.
beneficial interests can be found in the
                                                relation to these consolidated financial
Directors’ Remuneration Report on                                                            On 30 October 2020, the Board
                                                statements. As part of the assessment,
page 127.                                                                                    announced its intention to appoint
                                                the Board considered the liquidity
                                                                                             PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (‘PwC’)
Directors’ indemnities                          projections of the Group, including the
                                                                                             as its auditor for the year ending
                                                impact of applying specific liquidity
and insurance                                                                                31 December 2022. This followed a
                                                stresses. The Board also considered the
The Company maintains Directors                                                              competitive tender process actively
                                                ability of the Group to access external
and Officers Liability insurance cover                                                       overseen by the Audit Committee, as
                                                funding sources and the management
in respect of legal actions brought                                                          referred to on page 106, and resulted in
                                                actions that could be used to
against its Directors and Officers.                                                          a recommendation which was approved
                                                manage liquidity.
Pension Trustee Liability insurance                                                          by the Board. The appointment of PwC
is also in place to cover legal actions         As part of the assessment, the Board         will be recommended to the Company’s
brought against pension trustees of             also gave particular attention to the        shareholders for approval at the 2022
the Group’s three pension schemes               solvency projections of the Group under      Annual General Meeting.
managed for staff pensions. The policies        a base scenario and its sensitivity to
                                                various individual economic stresses         Corporate governance
include coverage for M&G plc and its
subsidiaries. Qualifying third-party            and certain stressed scenarios, which        statement
indemnity provisions are also available         included a pessimistic COVID-19              Relevant information on the corporate
for the benefit of the Directors of             scenario and a severe Brexit scenario.       governance practices of M&G plc, and
the Company and certain other such              Based on the assessment undertaken,          how it has applied the UK Corporate
persons, including certain Directors of         the Directors have a reasonable              Governance Code issued by the
the other companies within the Group.           expectation that the Group and the           Financial Reporting Council (FRC)
Qualifying pension scheme indemnity             Company have adequate resources              in July 2018, is set out on page 79.
provisions are also in place for the            to continue in operational existence         This page include details of internal
benefit of certain pension trustee              for the foreseeable future. For this         control and risk management systems
Directors within the Group. No amounts          reason, they continue to adopt the           and diversity policies as well as the
were paid under these insurance or              going concern basis in preparing the         discussion of issues raised, topics
indemnity provisions both of which              financial statements.                        considered and feedback received
remained in force throughout 2020.                                                           during engagement with employees
                                                The Directors have acknowledged              and how directors have had regard
Statement of disclosure                         their responsibilities in the Statement      to the need to foster the Company’s
of information to the auditor                   of Directors’ Responsibilities in relation   business relationships with suppliers
Each Director of the Company confirms           to the financial statements for the year     and customers.
that, as far as each is aware, there is         ended 31 December 2020.
                                                                                             Assessing and
no relevant audit information of which          Greenhouse gas emissions
the Company’s auditor is unaware and                                                         monitoring culture
                                                Further details of our approach to the
that each of the Directors has taken                                                         Information on actions the Board has
                                                environment, including information in
all reasonable steps to ascertain any                                                        taken in relation to culture in 2020 can be
                                                relation to greenhouse gas emissions,
relevant audit information and to ensure                                                     found in the Strategic Report on pages
                                                can be found on pages 42 to 55.
the Company’s auditor is aware of                                                            2 to 76 and in the Governance Report on
                                                This forms part of the ESG Report
that information.                                                                            pages 78 to 150.
                                                section of the Annual Report on pages
Going concern                                   42 to 63.                                    Conflicts of interest
The Group’s business activities,                Branches                                     The Company has a Conflicts of Interest
together with the factors that may
                                                The Group has branches in Belgium,           Policy and maintains a Conflicts of
affect its future development and
                                                France, Germany, Ireland, Isle of Man,       Interest Register. Mandatory training
performance are stated in the Strategic
                                                Italy, Malta, the Netherlands, Poland,       on conflicts for all M&G plc employees
Report. The Strategic Report also
                                                Spain, Sweden and the UK. More details       took place over 2020 and the Director
describes the Group’s business model
                                                of the extent of our international           of Public Policy and Regulation reports
and key components of our strategy.
                                                footprint can be found on page 6.            to the Board and its Committees on
The principal risks and uncertainties that
                                                                                             conflicts as required.
the Group is exposed to and how the             Research and development
Group manages and mitigates them is
                                                The Group undertakes research and
set out on pages 68-76.
                                                development activities in relation to
                                                longevity research and risk modelling as
                                                well as the impact of climate change on
                                                various asset classes.

                                                Reappointment of auditors
                                                The auditors, KPMG LLP, have
                                                indicated their willingness to continue
148 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Requirements of Listing Rule 9.8.4
Information to be included in the Annual Report and Accounts under Listing Rule 9.8.4, where applicable, can be found as follows:
 Listing Rule           Description                                                           Location




                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
9.8.4(1)R               Interest capitalised                                                  Not applicable
9.8.4(2)R               Publication of unaudited financial information                        Supplementary Information page 283
9.8.4(4)R               Details of long-term incentive schemes required by Listing            Directors’ Remuneration Report page
                        Rule 9.4.3                                                            109
9.8.4(5)R               Waiver of emoluments by a Director                                    Not applicable
9.8.4(6)R               Waiver of future emoluments by a Director                             Not applicable
9.8.4(7)R               Non pre-emptive issues of equity for cash                             Not applicable
9.8.4(8)R               Non pre-emptive issues of equity for cash in relation to major        Not applicable
                        subsidiary undertakings
9.8.4(9)R               Parent participation in a placing by a listed subsidiary              Not applicable


                                                                                                                                              Governance
9.8.4(10)R              Contracts of significance involving a Director                        Not applicable
9.8.4(11)R              Provision of services by a controlling shareholder                    Not applicable
9.8.4(12)R              Shareholder waivers of dividends                                      Shareholder Information page 298
9.8.4(13)R              Shareholder waivers of future dividends                               Shareholder Information page 298
9.8.4(14)R              Agreements with controlling shareholders                              Not applicable

Index to principal Directors’ Report disclosures
Information required to be disclosed in the Directors’ Report may be found in the following sections:




                                                                                                                                              Financial information
 Information                                                       Section in Annual Report                           Page
Disclosure of information to auditor                               Directors’ Report                                  148
Directors in office during the year                                Governance                                         146
Corporate responsibility governance                                ESG                                                59
Employment practices and engagement                                ESG                                                85
Greenhouse gas emissions                                           ESG                                                55
Charitable donations                                               ESG                                                59
Political donations and expenditure                                Directors’ Report                                  147
Remuneration Committee Report                                      Governance                                         109




                                                                                                                                              Other information
Directors’ interests in shares                                     Directors’ Remuneration Report                     127
Agreements for compensation for loss of office                     Directors’ Remuneration Report                     144
or employment on takeover
Details of qualifying third-party indemnity provisions             Directors’ Report                                  148
Internal control and risk management                               Risk management                                    66
Rules governing appointment of Directors                           Governance                                         93
Significant agreements impacted by a change of control             Directors’ Report                                  147
Future developments of the business of the Company                 Strategic Report                                   2
Post-balance sheet events                                          Note 40 of the financial statements                263
Rules governing changes to the Articles of Association             Shareholder Information                            298
Structure of share capital, including changes during the year      Directors’ Report and                              146
and restrictions on the transfer of securities, voting rights      Shareholder Information
and significant shareholders
Business review                                                    Strategic Report                                   31
Changes in borrowings                                              Note 28 of the financial statements                227
Dividend details                                                   Strategic Report                                   11
Financial instruments                                              Note 20 of the financial statements                216

In addition, the principal risks set out on pages 68 to 76 and the additional unaudited financial information set out on pages 283
to 296 are incorporated by reference into the Directors’ Report.
Signed on behalf of the Board of Directors
Alan F Porter
General Counsel and Company Secretary
8 March 2021




                                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 149
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities and Financial information



The Directors are responsible for               – for the Company financial statements,     Responsibility statement
preparing the Annual Report and the               state whether applicable UK               of the Directors in respect
consolidated and Company financial                accounting standards have been
statements in accordance with                     followed, subject to any material
                                                                                            of the annual financial report
applicable law and regulations.                   departures disclosed and explained in     We confirm that to the best of
                                                  the Company financial statements;         our knowledge:
Company law requires the Directors
to prepare consolidated and Company             – assess the Group and Company’s            – the financial statements, prepared in
financial statements for each financial           ability to continue as a going concern,     accordance with the applicable set
year. Under that law they are required            disclosing, as applicable, matters          of accounting standards, give a true
to prepare the consolidated financial             related to going concern; and               and fair view of the assets, liabilities,
statements in accordance with                   – use the going concern basis of              financial position and profit or loss of
international accounting standards in             accounting unless they either intend        the Company and the undertakings
conformity with the requirements of the           to liquidate the Group or the Company       included in the consolidation taken
Companies Act 2006 and applicable                 or to cease operations, or have no          as a whole; and
law and have elected to prepare                   realistic alternative but to do so.       – the Strategic Report includes a
the Company financial statements                                                              fair review of the development and
                                                The Directors are responsible for
in accordance with UK accounting                                                              performance of the business and
                                                keeping adequate accounting records
standards, including FRS 101 Reduced                                                          the position of the Company and
                                                that are sufficient to show and explain
Disclosure Framework. In addition                                                             the undertakings included in the
                                                the Company’s transactions and
the financial statements are required                                                         consolidation taken as a whole,
                                                disclose with reasonable accuracy at
under the UK Disclosure Guidance and                                                          together with a description of the
                                                any time the financial position of the
Transparency Rules to be prepared in                                                          principal risks and uncertainties
                                                Company and enable them to ensure
accordance with International Financial                                                       that they face.
                                                that its financial statements comply
Reporting Standards adopted pursuant
                                                with the Companies Act 2006. They are       We consider the Annual Report and
to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it
                                                responsible for such internal control as    Accounts, taken as a whole, is fair,
applies in the European Union.
                                                they determine is necessary to enable       balanced and understandable and
Under company law the Directors must            the preparation of financial statements     provides the information necessary
not approve the financial statements            that are free from material misstatement,   for shareholders to assess the Group’s
unless they are satisfied that they give        whether due to fraud or error, and have     position and performance, business
a true and fair view of the state of affairs    general responsibility for taking such      model and strategy.
of the Group and Company and of the             steps as are reasonably open to them        Clare Bousfield
Group’s profit or loss for that period.         to safeguard the assets of the Group        Chief Financial Officer
                                                and to prevent and detect fraud and         8 March 2021
In preparing the consolidated and
                                                other irregularities.
Company financial statements, the
Directors are required to:                      Under applicable law and regulations,
                                                the Directors are also responsible for
– select suitable accounting policies
                                                preparing a Strategic Report, Directors’
  and then apply them consistently;
                                                Report, Directors’ Remuneration Report
– make judgements and estimates that            and Corporate Governance Statement
  are reasonable, relevant and prudent;         that complies with that law and
– for the consolidated financial                those regulations.
  statements, state whether they have
                                                The Directors are responsible for
  been prepared in accordance with
                                                the maintenance and integrity of the
  international accounting standards
                                                corporate and financial information
  in conformity with the requirements
                                                included on the Company’s website.
  of the Companies Act 2006 and
                                                Legislation in the UK governing the
  International Financial Reporting
                                                preparation and dissemination of
  Standards adopted pursuant to
                                                financial statements may differ from
  Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it
                                                legislation in other jurisdictions.
  applies in the European Union;




150 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                       Financial
                                     Information                                                                                       Strategic Report




                                               152 Independent auditor’s report


                                              Consolidated financial statements
                                              162 Consolidated income statement


                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                     163 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                        164 Consolidated statement of financial position
                                        165 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                                            166 Consolidated statement of cash flows


                                              274 Company financial statements
                                                283 Supplementary information




                                                                                                                                       Financial information



                                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements

167	Note 1: Basis of preparation and                            217   Note 22: Cash and cash equivalents
     significant accounting policies
                                                                 218   Note 23: Issued share capital and share premium
184   Note 2: Group structure and products



                                                                                                                                       Other information
                                                                 218	Note 24: Shares held by employee benefit
187   Note 3: Segmental analysis                                      trusts and other treasury shares
193   Note 4: Investment return                                  219   Note 25: Retained earnings
193   Note 5: Fee income                                         219   Note 26: Other reserves
194   Note 6: Administrative and other expenses                  220   Note 27: Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus
194   Note 7: Staff and employment costs                         227   Note 28: Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings
195   Note 8: Fees payable to the auditor                        229   Note 29: Lease liabilities
196   Note 9: Tax                                                229   Note 30: Provisions
201   Note 10: Discontinued operations                           230   Note 31: Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities
203   Note 11: Earnings per share                                230   Note 32: Structured entities
203   Note 12: Dividends                                         231   Note 33: Fair value methodology
204   Note 13: Goodwill and intangible assets                    241   Note 34: Risk management and sensitivity analysis
205   Note 14: Deferred acquisition costs                        256   Note 35: Contingencies and related obligations
205   Note 15: Investments in joint ventures and associates      258   Note 36: Commitments
206   Note 16: Property, plant and equipment                     258   Note 37: Related party transactions
207   Note 17: Investment property                               259   Note 38: Capital management
207   Note 18: Defined benefit pension schemes                   260   Note 39: Share-based payments
215   Note 19: Loans                                             263   Note 40: Post balance sheet events
216   Note 20: Classification of financial instruments           263   Note 41: Related undertakings
217	Note 21: Accrued investment income
     and other debtors




                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 151
Independent auditor’s report
to the members of M&G plc

1. Our opinion is unmodified                                     Basis for opinion
                                                                 We conducted our audit in accordance with International
We have audited the financial statements of M&G plc (“the
                                                                 Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law.
Company”) for the year ended 31 December 2020 which
                                                                 Our responsibilities are described below. We believe that the
comprise the consolidated income statement, consolidated
                                                                 audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate
statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement
                                                                 basis for our opinion. Our audit opinion is consistent with our
of financial position, consolidated statement of changes
                                                                 report to the audit committee.
in equity, consolidated statement of cash flows, Company
statement of financial position, Company statement of            We were first appointed as auditor by the shareholders on
changes in equity, and the related notes, including the          2 July 2018. The period of total uninterrupted engagement
accounting policies notes.                                       is for the three financial years ended 31 December 2020.
                                                                 We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and we
In our opinion:
                                                                 remain independent of the Group in accordance with, UK
– the financial statements give a true and fair view of the      ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard as
  state of the Group’s and of the Company’s affairs as at        applied to listed public interest entities. No non-audit services
  31 December 2020 and of the Group’s profit for the year        prohibited by that standard were provided.
  then ended;
                                                                 Overview
– the Group financial statements have been properly prepared
  in accordance with international accounting standards in       Materiality: Group                           £60m (2019:£70m)
  conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act          financial statements       1.1% (2019: 1.4%) of Group net assets
  2006 and International Financial Reporting Standards           as a whole
  adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it         Coverage                   96% (2019:97%) of Group net assets
  applies in the European Union;                                 Key audit matters                                        vs 2019
– the Company financial statements have been properly            Recurring risks        Valuation of insurance
  prepared in accordance with international accounting                                  contract liabilities
  standards in conformity with the requirements of, and as                              Valuation of investments that
  applied in accordance with the provisions of, the Companies                           require judgement
  Act 2006; and                                                                         Recoverability of the
– the financial statements have been prepared in accordance                             Company’s investment
  with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and, as                               in subsidiaries
  regards the Group financial statements, Article 4 of the IAS
  Regulation to the extent applicable.                           2. Key audit matters: our assessment of risks
                                                                 of material misstatement
                                                                 Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
                                                                 judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the
                                                                 financial statements and include the most significant assessed
                                                                 risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud)
                                                                 identified by us, including those which had the greatest effect
                                                                 on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in
                                                                 the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team.
                                                                 We summarise below the key audit matters, in decreasing
                                                                 order of audit significance, in arriving at our audit opinion
                                                                 above, together with our key audit procedures to address
                                                                 those matters and, as required for public interest entities,
                                                                 our results from those procedures. These matters were
                                                                 addressed, and our results are based on procedures
                                                                 undertaken, in the context of, and solely for the purpose
                                                                 of, our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in
                                                                 forming our opinion thereon, and consequently are incidental
                                                                 to that opinion, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
                                                                 these matters.




152 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                           The risk                                    Our response
Valuation of insurance     Subjective valuation:                       We used our own actuarial specialists to assist us in
contract liabilities       The Group has significant insurance         performing our procedures in this area.




                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
and investment             contract liabilities representing           Our procedures included:
contract liabilities       70% (2019: 71%) of the Group’s total        – Control design and reperformance: We have tested,
with discretionary         liabilities.                                  assisted by our own IT specialists, the design,
participation
                           This is an area that involves significant     implementation and operating effectiveness of key controls
features (collectively,
                           estimation over uncertain future              over the valuation process, including additional testing
‘insurance contract
                           outcomes, mainly the ultimate total           in relation to model evaluation as a result of identified
liabilities’)
                           settlement value of insurance contract        weaknesses in the general IT control environment. Our
(£156,273 million;         liabilities, and we consider the risk         testing identified weaknesses in the design and operation of
2019: £156,528 million)    to have increased in the current year         controls. As a result we expanded the extent of our detailed
The risk has increased     due to the higher degree of estimation        testing over and above that originally planned.
compared to the            uncertainty resulting from changes          – Methodology choice: We have assessed the methodology
prior year.                in both demographic and economic              for selecting assumptions and calculating the insurance
                           conditions caused by the Coronavirus

                                                                                                                                             Governance
Refer to page 174-175                                                    contract liabilities. This included:
(accounting policy)        pandemic (COVID-19).
                                                                         – Assessing the methodology adopted for selecting the
and page 220-226           The valuation of insurance contract              assumptions by applying our industry knowledge and
(financial disclosures).   liabilities in relation to the annuity           experience and comparing the methodology used against
                           business requires significant                    standard industry practice;
                           judgement in the selection of key
                                                                         – Evaluating the analysis of the movements in insurance
                           assumptions covering both operating
                                                                            contract liabilities during the year, including consideration
                           and economic assumptions.
                                                                            of whether the movements were in line with the impact of
                           The key operating assumptions                    methodology and assumptions adopted; and
                           are mortality, which is determined
                                                                         – Comparing changes in methodology to our expectations




                                                                                                                                             Financial information
                           by reference to the Group’s own
                                                                            derived from market experience.
                           experience and expected levels
                           of future mortality and includes
                           consideration of the impact of
                           COVID-19, and the expected level
                           of future expenses, which is based
                           on the expected future costs for
                           administering the underlying policies.
                           The key economic assumption,
                           that impacts the calculation of the
                           discount rate that is applied to the
                           annuity business, is the credit risk
                           which is based on the Group’s view of



                                                                                                                                             Other information
                           expected future investment defaults
                           including the impacts of COVID-19 on
                           investment markets.
                           The effect of these matters is that,
                           as part of our risk assessment, we
                           determined that the valuation of
                           insurance contract liabilities has a
                           high degree of estimation uncertainty,
                           with a potential range of reasonable
                           outcomes greater than our materiality
                           for the financial statements as a whole,
                           and possibly many times that amount.
                           Note 34 discloses the sensitivities
                           estimated by the Group.




                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 153
Independent auditor’s report to the members of M&G plc continued




                           The risk                                  Our response
                           Calculation error and data capture:      – Historical comparison:
                           The Group uses complex actuarial           – Evaluated the evidence used to select the mortality rate
                           models to calculate insurance                 by reference to actual mortality rate of the policyholders
                           liabilities. There is the risk that the       in order to assess whether this supports the year-end
                           modelling does not appropriately              assumptions adopted. This included assessing the impact
                           reflect the model specifications and/or       of COVID-19.
                           the product features and/or there are      – Assessed whether the expense assumptions reflect the
                           unauthorised or erroneous changes to          expected future costs of administering the underlying
                           the models. In addition, there is a risk      policies by analysing current year unit costs, considered
                           that data input into the models may           the expected future level of expense inflation and
                           be incomplete.                                assessed the appropriateness of the likely impact of
                                                                         planned management actions on future costs.
                                                                      – Reconciled the completeness and accuracy of the assets
                                                                         used in the calculation of the Valuation Interest Rate to the
                                                                         assets used to back the insurance liabilities.
                                                                    – Benchmarking assumptions and sector experience:
                                                                      – Evaluated the analysis performed by the Group to
                                                                         compare expected against actual mortality experience
                                                                         of the policyholders in order to assess whether this
                                                                         supported the year end assumptions.
                                                                      – Evaluated the credit risk methodology and assumptions by
                                                                         reference to industry practice and our expectation derived
                                                                         from market experience including assessing the impact of
                                                                         COVID-19 on investment markets.
                                                                      – Used the results of our industry benchmarking of
                                                                         assumptions and actuarial market practice to inform our
                                                                         challenge of the assumptions in relation to the mortality
                                                                         and credit risk.
                                                                    – Model evaluation:
                                                                      – Evaluated the appropriateness of the calibration of the
                                                                         Continuous Mortality Investigation (‘CMI’) Model (the
                                                                         CMI Bureau releases industry wide mortality tables),
                                                                         adopted based on the analysis of the characteristics of the
                                                                         policyholder population and actual mortality experience.
                                                                      – Used our own valuation models to perform an
                                                                         independent recalculation of a sample of insurance
                                                                         liabilities to ensure that the models have been calibrated in
                                                                         line with the Group’s specifications.
                                                                      – Evaluated that changes made to the actuarial models over
                                                                         the year have been appropriately reviewed and approved;
                                                                         and evaluated the appropriateness of the financial impact
                                                                         of the changes made to the models during the year.
                                                                      – Tested the completeness of data used in the valuation of
                                                                         annuity liabilities by reconciling the data from the policy
                                                                         administration system to the data in the model point files
                                                                         used in the actuarial models.
                                                                    – Assessing transparency: Considered whether the
                                                                      disclosures in relation to the assumptions used in the
                                                                      calculation of insurance contract liabilities are compliant
                                                                      with the relevant accounting requirements and appropriately
                                                                      represent the sensitivities of these assumptions to
                                                                      alternative scenarios and inputs.
                                                                    Our results
                                                                    – We found the valuation of insurance contract liabilities to be
                                                                      acceptable (2019 result: acceptable).




154 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                         The risk                                     Our response
Valuation of             Subjective valuation:                        We used our own actuarial and valuation specialists to assist
investments that         The areas that involve significant           us in performing our procedures in this area.




                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
require judgement        audit effort and judgement are the           Our procedures included:
(£43,368 million;        valuation of illiquid positions within the   – Control design and observation: Tested the design,
2019: £41,851 million)   financial investments portfolio 24%            implementation and operating effectiveness of key controls
The risk has increased   (2019: 23%) and we consider the risk           over the valuation process for the investments, including
compared to the          to have increased in the current year          review and approval of the estimates and assumptions used
prior year.              due to the higher degree of estimation         for the valuation.
                         uncertainty resulting from the
Refer to page 176, 179                                                – Methodology choice: Assessed the appropriateness of the
                         economic conditions and their outlook
(accounting policy)                                                     pricing methodologies with reference to relevant accounting
                         caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
and page 231-240                                                        standards and the Group’s own valuation guidelines as well
(financial disclosures   These include private placement loans,         as industry practice.
of level 3 assets).      unlisted Net Asset Value (‘NAV’) funds,
                                                                      – Independent re-performance: Produced our own valuation
                         equity release mortgages, terminal
                                                                        for certain investments and compared the output to the
                         value loans and investment properties.

                                                                                                                                           Governance
                                                                        Group’s valuations.
                         For these positions an observable
                                                                      – Benchmarking of assumptions and sector experience:
                         price was not readily available and
                                                                        Agreed the key inputs and assumptions used for the
                         therefore, the application of expert
                                                                        valuation and compared these to our own market and
                         judgement in the valuations adopted
                                                                        industry benchmarks.
                         is required.
                                                                      – Assessing valuers’ credentials: Assessed the competence
                         The effect of these matters is that,
                                                                        and qualifications of external valuers and reconciled the
                         as part of our risk assessment, we
                                                                        valuations provided by them to the valuations recorded by
                         determined that the valuation of
                                                                        the Group.
                         investments has a high degree of
                                                                      – Tests of detail:




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
                         estimation uncertainty, with a potential
                         range of reasonable outcomes greater           – Independently obtained the most recent Net Asset
                         than our materiality for the financial           Value (‘NAV’) statements, investment manager
                         statements as a whole, and possibly              and administrator control reports to assess the
                         many times that amount.                          appropriateness of the fair value of the unlisted funds.
                                                                        – Performed a retrospective test over the NAV valuations
                                                                          for each fund to assess if the fund valuations reported in
                                                                          the audited financial statements in the prior year were
                                                                          materially consistent with the most recent NAV valuation
                                                                          statements available at the time.
                                                                      – Assessing transparency: Assessed whether the Group’s
                                                                        disclosures in relation to the valuation of investments are




                                                                                                                                           Other information
                                                                        compliant with the relevant accounting requirements and
                                                                        appropriately present the sensitivities in the valuations
                                                                        based on alternative outcomes.
                                                                      Our results
                                                                      – We found the valuation of investments that require
                                                                        judgement to be acceptable (2019 result: acceptable).




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 155
Independent auditor’s report to the members of M&G plc continued




                           The risk                                   Our response
Recoverability of          Forecast-based assessment:                 Our procedures included:
the Company’s              The Company holds its investments in       – Control design and observation: evaluated the design and
investment in              subsidiaries at cost less impairment,        implementation of key controls within the impairment in
subsidiaries               representing 90% (2019: 89%) of the          subsidiaries assessment procedures.
(£ 10,494 million;         Company’s total assets.
2019: £11,069 million)                                                – Benchmarking assumptions: Involved our own valuation
                           The carrying amount of the Company’s
                                                                        and actuarial specialists in challenging the cash flow and
The risk has increased     investments in subsidiaries is
compared to the            significant due to their materiality in      discount rate assumptions used in the cash flows included in
prior year.                the context of the Company financial         the forecasts based on our knowledge of the Group and the
                           statements and has a higher degree of        markets in which the subsidiaries operate.
Refer to page 277
(accounting policy)        estimation uncertainty and higher risk     – Where value in use calculations are performed, challenged
and page 279-280           profile in 2020 given the carrying value     the cash flow and discount rate assumptions used in
(financial disclosures).   when considered in the context of            the cash flows based on our knowledge of the markets
                           Group’s market capitalisation and the
                                                                        in which the subsidiaries operate and challenged the
                           volatility in the share price.
                                                                        appropriateness of the discount rate applied based on
                           The estimated recoverable amount             our industry experience.
                           of these balances is subjective due to
                           the inherent uncertainty in forecasting    – Historical comparisons: Assessing the reasonableness of
                           trading conditions and cash flows used       the budgets by considering the historical accuracy of the
                           in the budgets. We consider the risk         previous forecasts.
                           to have increased in the current year      – Comparing valuations: Compared and reconciled the
                           resulting from the economic conditions
                                                                        recoverable amount for the Company’s investments in
                           and their outlook caused by the
                                                                        subsidiaries to the market capitalisation of the Group and
                           COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                        corroborating any significant differences.
                           The effect of these matters is that,
                           as part of our risk assessment, we         – Assessing impairment: Where impairment is recognised,
                           determined that the recoverable              we performed test of detail over management’s
                           amount of the cost of investment             assessment, including challenging the assumptions used
                           in subsidiaries has a high degree            by management.
                           of estimation uncertainty, with            – Our sector experience: Evaluated the current level of
                           a potential range of reasonable
                                                                        trading, including identifying any indications of a downturn
                           outcomes greater than our materiality
                           for the financial statements as a whole,     in activity, by examining the post year end management
                           and possibly many times that amount.         accounts and considering our knowledge of the Group and
                           The Company financial statements             the market.
                           (Note A) disclose the sensitivity          – Assessing transparency: Assessed the adequacy of the
                           estimated by the Company.                    Company’s disclosures in respect of the investment in
                                                                        subsidiaries balance.
                                                                      Our results
                                                                      – We found the balance of the Company’s investments
                                                                        in subsidiaries and the related impairment charge to be
                                                                        acceptable (2019: acceptable).


The key audit matter identified in 2019 related to the first time adoption of IFRS and the formation of the M&G plc Group has been
removed in 2020, as the Group is now into its second reporting cycle as an independently listed business.




156 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
3 Our application of materiality and an overview                           Total Net Assets                            Group materiality
of the scope of our audit                                               £5,585m (2019: £5,131m)                        £60m (2019: £70m)
                                                                                                                            £60m
Materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole was



                                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
                                                                                                                            Whole financial
set at £60m, determined with reference to a benchmark of net                                                                statements materiality
assets of which it represents 1.1%.                                                                                         (2019: £70m)

                                                                                                                            £45m
In addition, we applied materiality of £200 million to the with-
                                                                                                                            Whole financial
profits and unit-linked assets and liabilities in the consolidated                                                          statements performance
statement of financial position, consolidated income statement                                                              materiality
                                                                                                                            (2019: £52.5m)
and related notes, determined with reference to the lower of
a benchmark of the unallocated surplus of the With-Profits
Fund of which it represents 1.3%, and a benchmark of total
unit linked assets of which it represents 0.8%. This materiality
was applied solely for our work on matters for which a                                                                      £53m
misstatement is likely only to lead to a reclassification


                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                                                                                            Range of materiality
between line items within assets and liabilities, in accordance                                                             at 12 components
                                                                                                                            (£5m-£53m)
with FRC Practice Note 20 The Audit of Insurance in the                                                                     (2019: £10m to £60m)
United Kingdom.
Materiality for the Company financial statements as a whole            Total Net Assets
was set at £55m (2019: £60m), determined with reference                Group materiality
to a benchmark of total assets and chosen to be lower than                                                                  £3m
materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole.                                                                  Misstatements reported to the
                                                                                                                            audit committee (2019: £3.5m)
It represents 0.5% (2019: 0.5%) of the stated benchmark.




                                                                                                                                                            Financial information
In line with our audit methodology, our procedures on
individual account balances and disclosures were performed           Group net assets                             Group profit before tax
to a lower threshold, performance materiality, so as to reduce                                                                       1
to an acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial                   4
misstatements in individual account balances add up to a                           6
                                                                                                                                      1
material amount across the financial statements as a whole.


                                                                              96%                                             98%
Performance materiality for the Group and Company
was set at 75% (2019: 75%) of materiality for the financial
statements as a whole. For the Group, this equates to £45m                      2019: 97%                                           2019: 97%
(2019: £52.5m) for the financial statements as a whole and
£150m (2019: no comparative) for with-profits and unit-                                          91




                                                                                                                                                            Other information
                                                                                                      92                                  96
linked assets and liabilities, and £41m (2019: £44.6m) for the
                                                                                                                                          97
Company. We applied this percentage in our determination
of performance materiality because we did not identify any           Group revenue                                Group total assets
factors indicating an elevated level of risk.
                                                                                   5
We agreed to report to the audit committee any corrected                               5
                                                                                                                       20      11
or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding
£3m (2019: £3.5m) and £10m for the with-profits and
unit-linked assets and liabilities, in addition to other
identified misstatements that warranted reporting on                          98%
                                                                                2019: 98%
                                                                                                                               97%  2019: 97%
qualitative grounds.
Of the Group’s 12 (2019:11) reporting components, we                                                                                            86   77
                                                                                            93
subjected 2 (2019: 3) to full scope audits for Group purposes, 9                             93
(2019: 7) to audit of account balance and 1 (2019: 1) to specified
risk-focused audit procedures. The latter were not individually
financially significant enough to require a full scope audit           Full scope for Group audit purposes 2020
for Group purposes, but did present specific individual risks          Audit of account balance and specified risk-focused audit
that needed to be addressed. The components within the                  procedures 2020
scope of our work accounted for the percentages illustrated            Full scope for Group audit purposes 2019
opposite. For the residual components, we performed analysis           Audit of account balance and specified risk-focused audit
at an aggregated Group level to re-examine our assessment               procedures 2019
that there were no significant risks of material misstatement          Residual components
within these.




                                                                                                      M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 157
Independent auditor’s report to the members of M&G plc continued



The Group audit team held a global planning conference with          We have used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and
component auditors to identify audit risks and decide how            the general economic environment to identify the inherent
each component team should address the identified audit              risks to its business model and analysed how those risks
risks. The Group team instructed component auditors as to            might affect the Group’s and Company’s financial resources or
the significant areas to be covered, including the relevant          ability to continue operations over the going concern period.
risks detailed above and the information to be reported back.        The risks that we considered most likely to adversely affect the
The Group team approved the component materialities having           Group’s and Company’s available financial resources over this
regard to the mix of size and risk profile of the Group across the   period were:
components which ranged from £5m to £53m for the financial
                                                                     – Adverse impacts arising from fluctuations or negative
statements as a whole. For the relevant components, we also
                                                                       trends in the economic environment including, but not
applied a materiality which ranged from £30m to £175m to
                                                                       limited to, wider credit spreads and defaults which affect
the with-profits and unit-linked assets and liabilities in the
                                                                       regulatory capital solvency coverage ratios, liquidity ratios,
consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated
                                                                       the valuations of the Group’s investments and valuation of
income statement and related notes. The work over 8 of the
                                                                       insurance contract liabilities;
12 components was performed by component auditors and
the rest was performed by the Group Team. The audit of the           – Adverse fund outflows, policyholder lapse or
Company was also performed by the Group team.                          claims experience.

Whilst it would be conventional practice to visit component          We also considered less predictable but realistic second
teams, the impact of the COVID-19 restrictions on travel has         order impacts, such as the failure of counterparties who
required an alternative approach this year, which required           have transactions with the Group (such as banks and
more extensive use of video and telephone conference                 reinsurers), which could result in a rapid reduction of available
meetings with component auditors. During these video                 financial resources.
and telephone conference meetings, an assessment was                 We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect
made of audit risk and strategy, the findings reported to the        the solvency and liquidity in the going concern period by
Group audit team were discussed in more detail, key working          comparing severe, but plausible downside scenarios that could
papers were inspected and any further work required by the           arise from these risks individually and collectively against the
Group audit team was then performed by the component                 level of available financial resources indicated by the Group’s
auditor. The Group team also routinely reviews the audit             financial forecasts.
documentation of all component audits.
                                                                     We also consider whether the going concern disclosure in
The Senior Statutory Auditor, in conjunction with other              Note 1 gives a full and accurate description of the director’s
senior staff in the Group and component audit teams, also            assessment of going concern, including the identified risks,
attended selected component audit committee meetings                 and dependencies, and related sensitivities. We assessed the
and participated in meetings with local components to obtain         completeness of the going concern disclosure.
additional understanding, first hand, of the key risks and
audit issues at a component level which may affect the Group         Our conclusions based on this work:
financial statements.                                                – we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern
                                                                       basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
4. Going concern
                                                                       statements is appropriate;
The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the          – we have not identified, and concur with the directors’
going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the             assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related
Group or the Company or to cease their operations, and they            to events or conditions that, individually or collectively,
have concluded that the Group’s and the Company’s financial            may cast significant doubt on the Group’s or Company’s
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded        ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern
that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast          period; and
significant doubt over their ability to continue as a going
                                                                     – we found the going concern disclosure in Note 1 to
concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the
                                                                       be acceptable.
financial statements (“the going concern period”).
                                                                     However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions
                                                                     and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are
                                                                     inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time
                                                                     they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee
                                                                     that the Group or the Company will continue in operation.




158 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations                      On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to
– ability to detect                                                revenue recognition because there is limited management
                                                                   judgement involved in the valuation and recognition of all
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement       material revenue streams.



                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
due to fraud
                                                                   We also identified a fraud risk related to:
To identify risk of material misstatement due to fraud
(“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could        – The valuation of insurance contract liabilities in response
indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide         to the required significant judgement by management
an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment                  over uncertain future outcomes, being the ultimate total
procedures included:                                                 settlement value of long-term insurance liabilities.
                                                                   – The valuation of investments that require judgment in
– Enquiring of directors, the audit committee, internal audit,
                                                                     response to the high degree of estimation uncertainty due
  management and inspection of policy documentation as to
                                                                     to the illiquid positions within the financial investments
  the Group’s high-level policies and procedures to prevent
                                                                     portfolio and lack of readily available observable price.
  and detect fraud, including the internal audit function,
                                                                   – Further detail in respect of the above fraud risks is set out in

                                                                                                                                         Governance
  and the Group’s channel for “whistleblowing”, as well as
  whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or            the key audit matter disclosures in section 2 of this report.
  alleged fraud.                                                   We also performed procedures including:
– Reading Board, audit committee, and all other relevant
                                                                   – Identified journal entries and other adjustments to test for all
  committee meeting minutes.
                                                                     full scope components based on risk criteria and compared
– Considering remuneration incentive schemes and                     the identified entries to supporting documentation.
  performance targets for management and directors,                  These included those posted by unauthorised personnel
  including short term and long term incentive plans.                and those posted with unusual description.
– Using analytical procedures to identify any usual or             – Evaluated the business purpose of any significant




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
  unexpected relationships.                                          unusual transactions.
– Using our own forensic specialists to assist us in identifying   – Assessed significant accounting estimate for bias.
  fraud risks based on discussions of the circumstances of
  the Group.                                                       Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
– Inspecting correspondence with regulators to identify            due to non-compliance with laws and regulations
  instances or suspected instances of fraud.                       We identified areas of laws and regulations that could
– Reviewing the audit misstatements from prior period to           reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the
  identify fraud risk factors.                                     financial statements from our general commercial and sector
                                                                   experience, and through discussion with the directors and
– Reading broker reports and other public information to
                                                                   other management (as required by auditing standards),
  identify third-party expectations and concerns.
                                                                   and from inspection of the Group’s regulatory and legal




                                                                                                                                         Other information
We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit        correspondence and discussed with the directors and
team and remained alert of any indications of fraud throughout     other management the policies and procedures regarding
the audit. This included communication from the Group to           compliance with laws and regulations.
component audit teams of relevant fraud risks identified at the
                                                                   As the Group is regulated, our assessment of risks involved
Group level and request to component audit teams to report to
                                                                   gaining an understanding of the control environment
the Group audit team any instances of fraud that could give rise
                                                                   including the entity’s procedures for complying with
to a material misstatement at Group.
                                                                   regulatory requirements.
As required by auditing standards, and taking into account
                                                                   We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout
possible pressures to meet profit targets, recent revisions
                                                                   our team and remained alert to any indications of non-
to guidance and our overall knowledge of the control
                                                                   compliance throughout the audit. This included communication
environment, we perform procedures to address the risk of
                                                                   from the Group to component audit teams of relevant laws
management override of controls, in particular the risk that
                                                                   and regulations identified at the Group level, and a request for
Group and component management may be in a position to
                                                                   component auditors to report to the Group team any instances
make inappropriate accounting entries and the risk of bias in
                                                                   of non-compliance with laws and regulations that could give
accounting estimates and judgements such as the valuation of
                                                                   rise to a material misstatement at Group.
insurance contract liabilities and valuation of investments that
require judgment.                                                  The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the
                                                                   financial statements varies considerably.
                                                                   Firstly, the Group is subject to laws and regulations that
                                                                   directly affect the financial statements including financial
                                                                   reporting legislation (including related companies legislation),
                                                                   distributable profits legislation, pensions legislation and
                                                                   taxation legislation and we assessed the extent of compliance
                                                                   with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on
                                                                   the related financial statement items.




                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 159
Independent auditor’s report to the members of M&G plc continued



Secondly, the Group is subject to many other laws and                 6. We have nothing to report on the other
regulations where the consequences of non-compliance                  information in the Annual Report
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in
the financial statements, for instance through the imposition         The director s are responsible for the other information
of fines or litigation or the loss of the Group’s license to          presented in the Annual Report together with the financial
operate. We identified the areas of regulatory capital                statements. Our opinion on the financial statements does
and liquidity, market abuse, financial crime and customer             not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not
conduct regulations as those most likely to have such an              express an audit opinion or, except as explicitly stated below,
effect recognising the financial and regulated nature of the          any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
Group’s activities. Auditing standards limit the required audit       Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and             doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements
regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management          audit work, the information therein is materially misstated
and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any.        or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit
Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed     knowledge. Based solely on that work we have not identified
to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will          material misstatements in the other information.
not detect that breach.
                                                                      Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
For the pension mis-selling review disclosed in Note 35.3.1
we have performed audit procedures over the provisions and            Based solely on our work on the other information:
reserves established by management.                                   – we have not identified material misstatements in the
As set out on page 64 of the Strategic Report, M&G plc faces            Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report;
the potential risk of the facilitation of financial crime and has     – in our opinion the information given in those reports for the
begun a programme of work to verify that the controls that              financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and
operate across the Group are sufficiently comprehensive               – in our opinion those reports have been prepared in
and resilient to mitigate this risk in line with relevant legal and     accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
regulatory requirements and to undertake any necessary
remediation, where appropriate. We made enquiries of the              Directors’ Remuneration Report
directors and management to understand progress and                   In our opinion the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report
inspected related correspondence with the Group’s regulators          to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with
in order to consider the implications for our audit.                  the Companies Act 2006.
We discussed with the audit committee other matters related
                                                                      Disclosures of emerging and principal risks and
to actual or suspected breaches of laws or regulations,
                                                                      longer-term viability
for which disclosure is not necessary, and considered any
implications for our audit.                                           We are required to perform procedures to identify whether
                                                                      there is a material inconsistency between the directors’
Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches       disclosures in respect of emerging and principal risks and
of law or regulation                                                  the viability statement, and the financial statements and our
Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an            audit knowledge.
unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material          Based on those procedures, we have nothing material to add
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we             or draw attention to in relation to:
have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance
with auditing standards. For example, the further removed             – the directors’ confirmation within the Viability Statement on
non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events             page 41 that they have carried out a robust assessment of
and transactions reflected in the financial statements , the less       the emerging and principal risks facing the Group, including
likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing           those that would threaten its business model, future
standards would identify it.                                            performance, solvency and liquidity;
                                                                      – the Principal Risks disclosures describing these risks and
In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of
                                                                        how emerging risks are identified, and explaining how they
non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
                                                                        are being managed and mitigated; and
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect        – the directors ’ explanation in the Viability Statement of how
material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing            they have assessed the prospects of the Group, over what
non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect                period they have done so and why they considered that
non-compliance with all laws and regulations.                           period to be appropriate, and their statement as to whether
                                                                        they have a reasonable expectation that the Group will be
                                                                        able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they
                                                                        fall due over the period of their assessment, including any
                                                                        related disclosures drawing attention to any necessary
                                                                        qualifications or assumptions.




160 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
We are also required to review the Viability Statement, set        8. Respective responsibilities
out on page 41, under the Listing Rules. Based on the above
procedures, we have concluded that the above disclosures           Directors’ responsibilities
are materially consistent with the financial statements and



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                                                   As explained more fully in their statement set out on page
our audit knowledge.                                               150, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the
Our work is limited to assessing these matters in the context of   financial statements including being satisfied that they give a
only the knowledge acquired during our financial statements        true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is
audit. As we cannot predict all future events or conditions        necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are           that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the           fraud or error; assessing the Group’s and Company’s ability to
time they were made, the absence of anything to report on          continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
these statements is not a guarantee as to the Group’s and          related to going concern; and using the going concern basis
Company’s longer-term viability.                                   of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group
                                                                   or the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic
Corporate governance disclosures                                   alternative but to do so.


                                                                                                                                           Governance
We are required to perform procedures to identify whether
                                                                   Auditor’s responsibilities
there is a material inconsistency between the directors’
corporate governance disclosures and the financial statements      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance
and our audit knowledge.                                           about whether the financial statements as a whole are
                                                                   free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
Based on those procedures, we have concluded that each             or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report.
of the following is materially consistent with the financial       Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does
statements and our audit knowledge:                                not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
– the directors’ statement that they consider that the Annual      ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it
                                                                   exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
  Report and financial statements taken as a whole is fair,
  balanced and understandable, and provides the information        considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could
  necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s position        reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
  and performance, business model and strategy;                    users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

– the section of the Annual Report describing the work of          A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the
  the audit committee, including the significant issues that       FRC’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.
  the audit committee considered in relation to the financial
  statements, and how these issues were addressed; and
                                                                   9. The purpose of our audit work and to whom
– the section of the Annual Report that describes the review
                                                                   we owe our responsibilities
  of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and          This report is made solely to the Company’s members,
  internal control systems.                                        as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the




                                                                                                                                           Other information
                                                                   Companies Act 2006 and the terms of our engagement by
We are required to review the part of Corporate Governance
                                                                   the Company. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we
Statement relating to the Group’s compliance with the
                                                                   might state to the Company’s members those matters we are
provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code specified by
                                                                   required to state to them in an auditor’s report and the further
the Listing Rules for our review. We have nothing to report in
                                                                   matters we are required to state to them in accordance with
this respect.
                                                                   the terms agreed with the Company, and for no other purpose.
7. We have nothing to report on the other                          To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or
matters on which we are required to report                         assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and
                                                                   the Company’s members, as a body, for our audit work, for this
by exception                                                       report, or for the opinions we have formed.
Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to         Stuart Crisp (Senior Statutory Auditor)
you if, in our opinion:                                            for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
                                                                   Chartered Accountants
– adequate accounting records have not been kept by the
  Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been         15 Canada Square
  received from branches not visited by us; or                     Canary Wharf
– the Company financial statements and the part of the             London
  Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited are not in          E14 5GL
  agreement with the accounting records and returns; or            8 March 2021
– certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by
  law are not made; or
– we have not received all the information and explanations we
  require for our audit.
We have nothing to report in these respects.




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 161
Consolidated financial statements

Consolidated income statement
For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                                                                              2020          2019
                                                                                                                                 Note           £m           £m
Gross premiums earned                                                                                                                        5,796       11,074
Outward reinsurance premiums                                                                                                                  (927)          115
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance                                                                                                         4,869         11,189
Investment return                                                                                                                    4       9,255       19,619
Fee income                                                                                                                           5       1,031        1,286
Other income                                                                                                                                     61           35
Total revenue, net of reinsurance from continuing operations                                                                               15,216        32,129
Benefits and claims                                                                                                                 27     (12,674)     (24,375)
Outward reinsurers’ share of benefit and claims                                                                                     27       1,477           431
Movement in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund                                                                            27         433       (2,549)
Benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund,
net of reinsurance from continuing operations                                                                                             (10,764) (26,493)
Administrative and other expenses                                                                                                    6      (2,734)      (2,876)
Movements in third-party interest in consolidated funds                                                                                        109       (1,005)
Finance costs                                                                                                                        6        (167)          (28)
Total charges, net of reinsurance from continuing operations                                                                              (13,556) (30,402)
Share of (loss)/profit from joint ventures and associates                                                                           15          (55)          18
Profit before tax from continuing operationsi                                                                                                1,605         1,745
Tax charge attributable to policyholders’ returns                                                                                    9        (208)        (440)
Profit before tax attributable to equity holders from continuing operations                                                                  1,397        1,305
    Total tax charge                                                                                                                 9        (463)        (680)
    Less tax charge attributable to policyholders’ returns                                                                                     208          440
Tax charge attributable to equity holders                                                                                            9        (255)        (240)
Profit after tax attributable to equity holders from continuing operations                                                                   1,142        1,065
Profit after tax for the year attributable to equity holders from discontinued operations                                           10             —          58
Profit for the year                                                                                                                          1,142         1,123


Attributable to equity holders of M&G plc:
     From continuing operations                                                                                                              1,138        1,062
     From discontinued operations                                                                                                                  —          58
Attributable to non-controlling interests:
     From continuing operations                                                                                                                   4             3
Profit for the year                                                                                                                          1,142         1,123


Earnings per share from continuing operations:
Basic (pence per share)                                                                                                             11        44.4         40.9
Diluted (pence per share)                                                                                                           11        44.0         40.8
Earnings per share:
Basic (pence per share)                                                                                                             11        44.4          43.1
Diluted (pence per share)                                                                                                           11        44.0         43.0

i     This measure is the profit before tax measure under IFRS but it is not the result attributable to equity holders. This is principally because the corporate
      taxes of the Group include those on the income of consolidated with-profits and unit-linked funds that, through adjustments to benefits, are borne
      by policyholders. These amounts are required to be included in the tax charge of the company under IFRS. Consequently, profit before tax is not
      representative of pre-tax profits attributable to equity holders. Profit before tax is determined after deducting the cost of policyholder benefits and
      movements in the liability for unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund after adjusting for taxes borne by policyholders.
The Notes on pages 167 to 273 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




162 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                                                           31 December
                                                                                                                            2020         2019
                                                                                                                Note          £m          £m




                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
Profit for the year                                                                                                        1,142        1,123
Less: profit from discontinued operations                                                                          10           —         58
Profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                             1,142       1,065


Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange movements arising on foreign operations                                                                  26           3              (7)
                                                                                                                               3              (7)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Loss on remeasurement of defined benefit pension schemes                                                           18       (117)       (206)
Transfer in of net defined benefit pension asset                                                                                —             15

                                                                                                                                                    Governance
                                                                                                                   18
Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit pension schemes                                                            9          23              31
                                                                                                                             (94)       (160)
Add amount transferred to unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund, net of related tax                                    13         155
Other comprehensive income on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                                          (81)             (5)


Other comprehensive income for the year, net of related tax from continuing operations                                       (78)         (12)




                                                                                                                                                    Financial information
Total comprehensive income for the year from continuing operations                                                        1,064        1,053


Profit after tax from discontinued operations                                                                      10           —         58
Total comprehensive income from discontinued operations                                                                         —         58


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                   1,064         1,111


Attributable to equity holders of M&G plc:
  From continuing operations                                                                                              1,060        1,050
  From discontinued operations                                                                                                  —         58




                                                                                                                                                    Other information
Attributable to non-controlling interests:
  From continuing operations                                                                                                   4              3
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                   1,064         1,111

The Notes on pages 167 to 273 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                 M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 163
Consolidated financial statements continued

Consolidated statement of financial position
As at 31 December 2020

                                                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                           2020           2019
                                                                                                                              Note           £m            £m
Assets
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                   13       1,495         1,439
Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                                       14          98           104
Investment in joint ventures and associates accounted for using the equity method                                                15         456           524
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                    16       2,066         1,505
Investment property                                                                                                              17     19,106         19,136
Defined benefit pension asset                                                                                                    18          58             77
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                               9         108             78
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                               27      11,761        11,958
Loans                                                                                                                            19       6,031         5,954
Derivative assets                                                                                                                         5,705         3,962
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                                                                           68,419        72,388
Deposits                                                                                                                                 17,629        14,221
Debt securities                                                                                                                         85,439        85,434
Current tax assets                                                                                                                9         418           375
Accrued investment income and other debtors                                                                                      21       3,023         2,923
Assets held for salei                                                                                                                       138            119
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                        22       6,776         6,046
Total assets                                                                                                                           228,726       226,243
Equity
Share capital                                                                                                                    23         130           130
Share premium reserve                                                                                                            23         370           370
Shares held by employee benefit trust                                                                                            24         (117)          (26)
Treasury shares                                                                                                                  24            (1)           (1)
Retained earnings                                                                                                                25      16,853        16,342
Other reserves                                                                                                                   26     (11,658)      (11,690)
Equity attributable to equity holders of M&G plc                                                                                          5,577         5,125
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                       8            6
Total equity                                                                                                                              5,585          5,131
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                   27     76,650        78,480
Investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation features                                                        27     79,623        78,048
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features                                                     27     15,547         15,651
Unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund                                                                                     27      15,621       16,072
Third-party interest in consolidated funds                                                                                              13,265         11,643
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                                                                   28        8,267         7,499
Defined benefit pension liability                                                                                                18         170             28
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                          9         916         1,065
Current tax liabilities                                                                                                           9         276           298
Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                    3,460         2,204
Lease liabilities                                                                                                               29          354           360
Other financial liabilities                                                                                                               3,391          3,517
Provisions                                                                                                                      30          235           326
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                                                                  31       5,291         5,921
Liabilities of operations held for salei                                                                                                     75              —
Total liabilities                                                                                                                      223,141        221,112
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                           228,726       226,243

i   Assets held for sale on the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020 includes £18m (2019: £88m) of seed capital
    classified as held for sale as it is expected to be divested within 12 months and £24m of investment property classified as held for sale (2019: £17m).
    Additionally £96m (2019: £14m) of assets held for sale and £75m (2019: £nil) of liabilities of operations held for sale are in relation to the Group’s
    consolidated infrastructure capital private equity vehicles.
The Notes on pages 167 to 273 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements on pages 162 to 166 were approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by the
following Directors:
John Foley 				                                           Clare Bousfield
Chief Executive				                                       Chief Financial Officer
8 March 2021 				                                         8 March 2021




164 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                            Shares                                         Total equity
                                                                            held by                                        attributable
                                                                          employee                                            to equity          Non-
                                                      Share     Share       benefit    Treasury      Retained        Other holders of      controlling     Total




                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
                                                     capital premium          trust      shares      earnings     reserves     M&G plc       interests    equity
                                             Note       £m        £m            £m          £m             £m          £m           £m             £m       £m
As at 1 January 2019                                    130        370             —           —      20,157       (11,728)     8,929               5    8,934
Profit for the year from
continuing operations                                      —          —            —           —       1,062             —      1,062               3    1,065
Profit for the year from
discontinued operations                         10         —          —            —           —          58             —         58               —        58
Other comprehensive
income for the year from
continuing operations                       25, 26         —          —            —           —          (5)           (7)        (12)             —       (12)
Total comprehensive income
for the year                                               —          —            —           —        1,115           (7)      1,108              3      1,111


                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
Dividends paid to
non-controlling interests                                  —          —            —           —           —             —           —             (2)       (2)
Transactions with equity holdersi               25         —          —            —           —      (4,935)            —     (4,935)              —    (4,935)
Shares distributed by
employee trusts                                 23         —          —            2           —          (2)            —           —              —         —
Expense recognised in respect
of share-based payments                         26         —          —            —           —           —           40          40               —       40
Shares acquired by
employee trusts                                            —          —         (28)           —           —             —         (28)             —       (28)




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial information
Treasury shares acquired by
subsidiary companies                            24         —          —            —           (1)         —             —           (1)            —         (1)
Tax effect of items recognised
directly in equity                          25, 26         —          —            —           —          99            5         104               —      104
Other movements                                 25         —          —            —           —         (92)            —         (92)             —       (92)
Net (decrease)/increase in equity                          —          —         (26)           (1)    (3,815)          38      (3,804)              1    (3,803)
As at 31 December 2019                                  130        370          (26)           (1)   16,342       (11,690)       5,125              6     5,131


As at 1 January 2020                                   130         370          (26)          (1) 16,342 (11,690)               5,125               6     5,131
Profit for the year from



                                                                                                                                                                    Other information
continuing operations                                      —          —            —           —       1,138             —       1,138              4     1,142
Other comprehensive
income for the year from
continuing operations                       25, 26         —          —            —           —         (81)           3          (78)             —       (78)
Total comprehensive income
for the year                                               —          —            —           —      1,057             3       1,060               4    1,064
Dividends paid to
non-controlling interests                                  —          —            —           —           —             —           —             (2)       (2)
Transactions with equity holders                12         —          —            —           —       (562)             —       (562)              —     (562)
Shares distributed by
employee trusts                                 25         —          —           14           —         (14)            —           —              —         —
Vested employee
share-based payments                        25, 26         —          —            —           —          17           (17)          —              —         —
Expense recognised in respect
of share-based payments                         26         —          —            —           —           —           51           51              —        51
Shares acquired by
employee trusts                                            —          —        (105)           —           —             —       (105)              —     (105)
Tax effect of items recognised
directly in equity                              26         —          —            —           —          13            (5)          8              —         8
Net (decrease)/increase in equity                          —          —         (91)           —         511           32         452               2      454
As at 31 December 2020                                 130         370         (117)          (1) 16,853 (11,658)               5,577               8    5,585

i   In addition to amounts noted in Note 25 there was a distribution in kind of £570m, which represents the difference between fair value of the
    subordinated notes at initial recognition and the actual cash transferred by Prudential plc in respect of the notes on substitution of the debt.
The Notes on pages 167 to 273 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 165
Consolidated financial statements continued

Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                                                         2020          2019
                                                                                                                            Note           £m           £m
Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before tax from continuing operations                                                                                            1,605         1,745
Profit before tax from discontinued operations                                                                                 10            –           88
Non-cash and other movements in operating assets and liabilities included in profit before tax:
Investments                                                                                                                               399       (14,918)
Other non-investment and non-cash assets                                                                                                (133)        (8,613)
Policyholder liabilities (including unallocated surplus)                                                                                 (895)      23,037
Other liabilities (including operational borrowings)                                                                                    1,902          (841)
Interest income, interest expense and dividend income                                                                                  (3,884)       (4,798)
Other non-cash items                                                                                                                      229           417
Operating cash items:
Interest receipts and payments                                                                                                          2,282        2,595
Dividend receipts                                                                                                                       1,704         2,107
Tax paidi                                                                                                                                (633)         (613)
Net cash flows from operating activitiesii                                                                                              2,576          206


Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                                                               (821)         (393)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                                      —             8
Investment in subsidiaries      iii
                                                                                                                                         (136)          (95)
Cash inflow from disposal of subsidiariesiv                                                                                    10            —           98
Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                                                 (957)         (382)


Cash flows from financing activities:
Interest paid                                                                                                                            (189)          (22)
Lease repayments                                                                                                               29          (24)         (25)
Substitution of subordinated liabilities                                                                                                     —        3,219
Shares purchased by employee benefit trust                                                                                               (105)             –
Dividends paid                                                                                                                 12        (562)       (3,516)
Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                                                 (880)         (344)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      739          (520)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                                                                 6,046         6,570
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                (9)            (4)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                                                                                6,776        6,046

i    Tax paid for the year ended 31 December 2020 includes £264m (2019: £228m) paid on profits taxable at policyholder rather than shareholder rates.
ii   Cash flows in respect of other borrowings of the With-Profits Fund, which principally relate to consolidated investment funds, are included within cash
     flows from operating activities.
iii Investment in subsidiaries includes total cash consideration in respect of the acquisition of Ascentric of £86m, of which £49m represented a
    repayment of loan to Royal London. The remaining amounts represents further investment by the Group’s consolidated infrastructure capital private
    equity vehicles.
iv Cash inflow from disposal of subsidiaries reflects the net cash flow from the disposal of Prudential Vietnam Finance Company Limited in 2019.
The Notes on pages 167 to 273 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




166 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies
1.1 Basis of preparation




                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 comprise the financial statements of M&G plc (“the
Company”) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as “the Group”). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(IASB) adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union (EU), with interpretations issued by
the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRICs). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost
basis except for investment property measured at fair value, certain financial assets and financial liabilities (including derivative
instruments) that are measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL), insurance contract liabilities that are measured in
accordance with the requirements of IFRS 4: Insurance contracts, and defined benefit assets and liabilities, measured at the fair
value of plan assets less the present value of the defined benefit obligations. Assets and disposal groups held for sale are stated
at the lower of the previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.



                                                                                                                                          Governance
On 2 July 2018, Voyager Dallas Holding Company Limited, as the Company was known at the time, was incorporated and
domiciled in the UK as a subsidiary of Prudential plc. The Company was set up to act as holding company for the UK and Europe
savings and investments business of Prudential plc. On 3 July 2018, the Company changed its name to M&G Prudential Limited.
On 23 November 2018, the Company issued share capital as consideration to Prudential plc for the acquisition of The Prudential
Assurance Company Limited (PAC), M&G Group Limited, Prudential Financial Services Limited and Prudential Property Services
Limited. On 24 July 2019, the Company was re-registered as a public limited company and changed its name to M&G Prudential
plc. On 16 September 2019, the Company changed its name to M&G plc. On 20 September 2019, the Company acquired
Prudential Capital Holdings Company Limited, and its subsidiaries, Prudential Capital plc (PruCap) and Prudential Capital
(Singapore) Pte. Limited, from Prudential plc. On 21 October 2019, the Company demerged from Prudential plc and listed on
the London Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
All acquisition of entities under common control prior to demerger from Prudential plc have been accounted for under merger
accounting principles. Under merger accounting, the results and statement of financial position for entities acquired prior to
demerger are presented as if the entities had always been combined (refer to Note 1.5.3 for further details on accounting policy).

Going concern
The Directors have reasonable expectation that the Group as a whole has adequate resources to continue in operational
existence over a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of the consolidated financial statements.
To satisfy themselves of the appropriateness of the use of the going concern assumptions in relation to the consolidated
financial statements, the Directors have considered the liquidity projections of the Group, including the impact of applying
specific liquidity stresses. The Directors also considered the ability of the Group to access external funding sources and the
management actions that could be used to manage liquidity.



                                                                                                                                          Other information
In addition, the Directors also gave particular attention to the solvency projections of the Group under a base scenario and
its sensitivity to various individual economic stresses and certain stressed scenarios, which included a pessimistic COVID-19
scenario and a severe Brexit scenario.
The results of the assessment demonstrated the ability of the Group to meet all obligations and future business requirements
for the foreseeable future. In addition, the assessment demonstrated that the Group was able to remain above its regulatory
solvency requirements in a stressed scenario.
For this reason, the Directors continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

1.2 New accounting pronouncements
1.2.1 New accounting pronouncements adopted by the Group
In preparing these consolidated financial statements the Group has adopted the following standards, interpretations and
amendments that became effective during the year:

Effective from 1 January 2020:
– Amendments to IFRS 3: Definition of a Business
– Amendments to IFRS 7, IFRS 9 and IAS 39: Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
– Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: Definition of Material
– Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued on 29 March 2018

Effective from 1 June 2020:
– COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions – Amendment to IFRS 16
None of the above interpretations and amendments to standards are considered to have a material effect on these consolidated
financial statements.




                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 167
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
1.2.2 New accounting pronouncements not yet effective
The following standards, interpretations and amendments have been issued but are not yet effective for the Group. This is not
intended to be a complete list as only those standards, interpretations and amendments that could have an impact upon the
consolidated financial statements are discussed.

IFRS 9: Financial Instruments (endorsed by the EU)
In July 2014, the IASB published IFRS 9: Financial Instruments (IFRS 9) which is mandatorily effective for annual periods
beginning on or after 1 January 2018, except as described below, with early application permitted.
IFRS 9 replaces the existing standard, IAS 39: Financial Instruments-Recognition and Measurement. The standard provides
new principles for determining classification and measurement of financial instruments, introduces a new forward-looking
impairment model based on expected losses (replacing the existing incurred loss model) and provides new guidance on
application of hedge accounting.
In September 2016, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 4, “Applying IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4: Insurance
Contracts” to address the temporary consequences of the different effective dates of IFRS 9 and IFRS 17: Insurance Contracts.
The amendments include an optional temporary exemption from applying IFRS 9 and the associated amendments until IFRS 17
comes into effect. This temporary exemption is available to companies whose predominant activity is to issue insurance
contracts based on meeting the eligibility criteria as at 31 December 2015 as set out in the amendments. In June 2020, the IASB
amended IFRS 17 so that the revised effective date of the standard is for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023. The IASB
also confirmed through this amendment that IFRS 9 could be delayed for insurers to keep the effective dates of IFRS 9 and
IFRS 17 aligned.
As the Group met the required eligibility criteria for temporary exemption, the adoption of IFRS 9 has been deferred to coincide
with the adoption of IFRS 17.
The Group is assessing the impact of IFRS 9 and implementing this standard in conjunction with IFRS 17. The adoption of
IFRS 9 may result in the reclassification of certain of the Group’s financial assets, resulting in a change in measurement basis
from amortised cost to fair value. Furthermore, a revised impairment approach based on expected credit losses will need to be
developed for financial assets that will continue to be carried at amortised cost. The Group is currently assessing the scope of
assets to which these requirements will apply.
The Group does not currently apply hedge accounting.
Presented below are disclosures required by the amendments to IFRS 4 for entities deferring the adoption of IFRS 9. These are
provided to enable users to compare results with those entities that have adopted IFRS 9. As required by the amendment, the
table shows the fair value of the Group’s directly held financial assets at 31 December 2020, distinguishing those financial assets
which have contractual terms that give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
(SPPI) as defined by IFRS 9.

                                                                                    Financial assets that                     All other financial assets,
                                                                                     pass the SPPI testi                      net of derivative liabilities
                                                                                                        Movement                                     Movement
                                                                              Fair value as at         in fair value       Fair value as at         in fair value
    Financial assets on the consolidated statement                        31 December 2020         during the year     31 December 2020         during the year
    of financial position                                                                 £m                     £m                    £m                     £m
Loans                                                                                  2,647                   (14)                 3,475                      33
Derivative assets – net of derivative liabilities                                            —                    —                2,245                  1,527
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                                —                    —               68,419                      (533)
Deposits                                                                              17,629                      —                       —                      —
Debt securities                                                                              —                    —              85,439                  4,092
Accrued investment income and other debtors                                            3,023                      —                       —                      —
Cash and cash equivalents                                                              6,776                      —                       —                      —
Total financial assets, net of derivative liabilities                                30,075                    (14)             159,578                   5,119

i     Financial assets classified as held for trading or that are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis do not require an SPPI test
      to be performed. These assets are reported in All other financial assets.




168 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued

                                                                                     Financial assets that                     All other financial assets,
                                                                                      pass the SPPI testi                      net of derivative liabilities




                                                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
                                                                                                         Movement                                      Movement
                                                                               Fair value as at         in fair value       Fair value as at          in fair value
    Financial assets on the consolidated statement                         31 December 2019         during the year     31 December 2019          during the year
    of financial position                                                                  £m                     £m                    £m                      £m
Loans                                                                                  2,658                     18                 3,389                        131
Derivative assets – net of derivative liabilities                                            —                     —                 1,758                     1,402
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                                —                     —              72,388                   8,826
Deposits                                                                              14,221                       —                      —                        —
Debt securities                                                                              —                     —              85,434                   4,240
Accrued investment income and other debtors                                            2,923                       —                      —                        —
Cash and cash equivalents                                                              6,046                       —                      —                        —

                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
Total financial assets, net of derivative liabilities                                25,848                      18              162,969                  14,599

i     Financial assets classified as held for trading or that are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis do not require an SPPI test
      to be performed. These assets are reported in All other financial assets.

IFRS 17: Insurance Contracts (not yet endorsed by the EU)
In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17: Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) to replace the existing interim standard, IFRS 4 Insurance
Contracts. The standard initially applied to annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021, subsequently, the IASB issued
an exposure draft in June 2019 that proposed to delay the effective date to 1 January 2022. Thereafter, in March 2020, the IASB




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial information
decided to delay the effective date further to 1 January 2023, which was duly affected through an amendment in the standard in
June 2020. Early application is permitted; provided the entity also applies IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 on or before the date it first applies
IFRS 17. The Group intends to adopt the new standard on its mandatory effective date, alongside the adoption of IFRS 9.
IFRS 4 permitted insurers to continue to use the basis of accounting for insurance assets and liabilities that existed in their
jurisdictions prior to January 2005 (details of these can be found in Note 1.5.2). IFRS 17 replaces this with a new measurement
model for all insurance contracts.
IFRS 17 requires liabilities for insurance contracts to be recognised as the present value of future cash flows, plus an explicit risk
adjustment, which is updated at each reporting date to reflect current conditions, and a contractual service margin (CSM) that
is equal and opposite to any day-one gain arising on initial recognition. Losses are recognised directly in the income statement.
For measurement purposes, contracts are grouped together into contracts of similar risk, profitability profile and issue year,
with further divisions for contracts that are managed separately.



                                                                                                                                                                       Other information
Profit before tax from insurance contracts under IFRS 17 is represented by the recognition of the services provided
to policyholders in the period (release of the CSM), release from non-economic risk (release of risk adjustment) and
investment profit.
The CSM is released as profit over the coverage period of the insurance contract, reflecting the delivery of services to
the policyholder. For certain contracts with participating features (where a substantial share of the fair value of the related
investments and other underlying items is paid to policyholders) such as the Group’s with-profits products and certain unit-linked
products, the CSM reflects the variable fee to shareholders. For these contracts, the CSM is adjusted to reflect the changes in
economic experience and assumptions. For all other contracts the CSM is only adjusted for non-economic assumptions.




                                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 169
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
IFRS 17 introduces a new measure of insurance revenue, based on the delivery of services to policyholders and excluding any
premiums related to the investment elements of policies, which will be significantly different from existing premium revenue
measures currently reported in the income statement. In order to transition to IFRS 17, the amount of deferred profit, being the
CSM at transition date, needs to be determined.
IFRS 17 requires this CSM to be calculated as if the standard had applied retrospectively. However, if this is not practical an entity
is required to choose either a simplified retrospective approach or to determine the CSM by reference to the fair value of the
liabilities at the transition date. The approach for determining the CSM will have a significant impact on both shareholders’ equity
and on the amount of profits on in-force business in future reporting periods.
The Group has an ongoing project to implement IFRS 17 which is continuing to develop technical interpretations and the related
operational capabilities to implement the standard by the revised adoption date of 1 January 2023. The impact from adoption of
the standard cannot be quantified at this stage. However it will lead to significant changes to the presentation and disclosure in
the consolidated financial statements.

Other
In addition to the above, the following new accounting pronouncements have also been issued and are not yet effective:
– Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), issued in August 2020
  and effective from 1 January 2021
– Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3), issued in May 2020 and effective from 1 January 2022
– Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16), issued in May 2020 and effective from
  1 January 2022
– Onerous Contracts – Costs of Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments to IAS 37), issued in March 2018 and effective from
  1 January 2022
– Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (Amendments to IFRS 1), issued in January 2020 and effective from
  1 January 2023
– Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture – (Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28),
  issued in December 2015 and effective date pending completion of the research project on equity method accounting
– The Disclosure Initiative: Accounting Policy Requirements (Amendments to IAS 1), issued in February 2021 and effective from
  1 January 2023
– Definition of accounting estimates (Amendments to IAS 8), issued in February 2021 and effective from 1 January 2023
The Group is currently assessing the impact of these requirements on the consolidated financial statements.




170 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
1.3 Key judgements in applying accounting policies




                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
A full list of the Group’s significant accounting policies is provided in section 1.5 of this Note. In applying these accounting
policies, the Group has made a number of key judgements, which have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the
consolidated financial statements. The following table sets out the basis of these judgements, and references the associated
accounting policy and related Note which both give further detail on the specific application.

                                                                                                                        Accounting
Financial statement area   Key judgement                                                                                    policy   Note
Consolidation of           IFRS 10 requires entities that the Group controls to be consolidated in the                       1.5.1      32
structured entities        consolidated financial statements. Structured entities are entities that have been
                           designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who
                           controls the entity. Due to the nature of structured entities, judgement is required
                           to determine whether the Group controls and therefore consolidates structured
                           entities. Judgement is also required where certain seed capital investments in

                                                                                                                                              Governance
                           structured entities are classified as held for sale investments, and therefore not
                           consolidated on a line by line basis.
Classification of          IFRS 4 requires contracts that transfer significant insurance risk to be accounted                1.5.2      27
insurance and              for as insurance contracts. Judgement is required to determine whether contracts
investment contracts       written by the Group transfer significant insurance risk. Judgement is also required
                           in the case of certain contracts, both investment and insurance, which provide an
                           additional benefit in addition to guaranteed benefits to determine whether they
                           meet the criteria to be considered as discretionary participation features.
Accounting for             Under IFRS 2, where new equity instruments are granted as replacement                            1.5.24      39
replacement




                                                                                                                                              Financial information
                           equity instruments for cancelled schemes, the grant of the replacement equity
share awards               instruments is accounted for as a modification of the original award, and
                           accordingly, an acceleration of vesting does not occur as is normally the case
                           for cancelled schemes. Judgement was required in respect of the 2019 financial
                           statements in determining whether the new discretionary schemes offered at the
                           point of the Demerger would meet the criteria of a replacement award. The Group
                           is treating the new discretionary schemes offered in October 2019, in place of those
                           administered by Prudential plc, as a replacement award on the basis that these have
                           substantially the same economic value and will be subject to the same scheme rules
                           as the original award. This is not a key judgement for the purposes of the current
                           year financial statements.
Classification as held     Under IFRS 5, groups of assets and liabilities are classified as held for sale if the sale      1.5.30     2.3.1
for sale                   is highly probable. Judgement was required in considering whether the successful



                                                                                                                                              Other information
                           appeal by PAC and Rothesay Life PLC of the original High Court decision on the
                           Part VII transfer in the Court of Appeal constituted the annuities portfolio being
                           classified as held for sale.




                                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 171
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
1.4 Sources of estimation uncertainty
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires the Group to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
The following table sets out the assets and liabilities measured using assumptions and estimates which have a significant risk
of resulting in a material adjustment to their carrying value within the next financial year. Details of the nature of the estimate is
provided in the related accounting policy and details of the assumptions applied at the statement of financial position date are
provided in the related Note.
Financial statement                                                                                                   Accounting
asset or liability         Key estimate and assumptions                                                                   policy     Note
Insurance contract         When measuring insurance contract liabilities, a number of assumptions are                       1.5.2   27, 34
liabilities                applied to estimate future amounts due to the policyholder. The areas where the
                           assumptions could have a material impact are the assumed rates of policyholder
                           mortality, maintenance expenses and the valuation rate of interest used when
                           establishing policyholder liabilities for annuities and also the assumptions used
                           in determining the allowance for maintenance expenses within the policyholder
                           liabilities other than annuities.
Assets classified as       Determination of fair value of financial assets classified as level 3 in the fair value 1.5.4, 1.5.14    20, 33
level 3 under the fair     hierarchy involves the use of inputs which are not observable in the market and
value hierarchy            hence require a high degree of estimation which could result in a significant change
                           in the valuation.
Determination of           Goodwill is assessed for impairment at least on an annual basis by comparing the                1.5.17      13
recoverable amount         recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units
of goodwill                to which goodwill has been allocated with its carrying value. Recoverable amount
                           is defined as the higher of fair value less costs to sell and the value in use where the
                           value in use is based on the present value of future cash flows. The determination of
                           the value in use requires the use of various assumptions around future cash flows,
                           future growth rates and appropriate discount rates based on the risks associated
                           with the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units which can have a
                           material impact on the calculation.
Defined benefit            The defined benefit pension scheme liability is calculated using actuarial valuations           1.5.15      18
pension liability          which incorporate a number of assumptions including discount rates, inflation rates,
                           and expected future mortality. Due to the long-term nature of the schemes, the
                           value of the pension scheme obligation is sensitive to these assumptions.
Provisions relating to     The determination of provisions relating to past conduct issues pertaining to                   1.5.31 30, 35
past conduct issues        annuity and pensions mis-selling requires the use of various assumptions which can
                           impact the carrying values either when recognised separately, or when included
                           within the valuation of insurance contract liabilities.


1.5 Accounting policies
1.5.1 Basis of consolidation
The Group has control over an investee if all three of the following conditions are met: (i) it has power over an investee; (ii) it is
exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and (iii) it has the ability to use its power over
the investee to affect its own returns.

(i) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are those investees that the Group controls. Where the Group is deemed to control an entity, the entity is treated as
a subsidiary and its results, assets and liabilities are consolidated. Where the Group holds a minority share in an entity but does
not have control, joint control or significant influence over the entity, the investments are carried at fair value through profit or
loss (FVTPL) within financial investments in the consolidated statement of financial position.
The Group performs a reassessment of consolidation whenever there is a change in the substance of the relationship between
the Group and an investee.




172 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
(ii) Joint ventures and associates
Joint ventures are joint arrangements arising from a contractual agreement whereby the Group and other investors have joint



                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
control of the net assets of the arrangement. In these arrangements, the Group’s share of the underlying net assets may be lower
or higher than 50% but the terms of the relevant agreement make it clear that control is jointly exercised between the Group
and the third party, for example, where significant decisions required unanimous approval of all parties, or where all parties have
equal voting rights.
Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence, but which it does not control. Generally, it is presumed that
the Group has significant influence if it holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights of the entity.
Investments in associates and joint ventures held by the Group’s insurance or investment funds, including venture capital
business, mutual funds and unit trusts, are accounted for at FVTPL. All other investments in joint ventures and associates are
accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, the Group’s share of profit or loss of its joint
ventures and associates is recognised in the income statement and its share of movements in other comprehensive income is


                                                                                                                                               Governance
recognised in other comprehensive income.

(iii) Structured entities
Structured entities are those that have been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding
who controls the entity. Voting rights relate to administrative tasks. Relevant activities are directed by means of contractual
arrangements. The Group invests in structured entities such as:
– Collective investment vehicles including open-ended investment companies (OEICs), Authorised Contractual Schemes (ACSs)
  and Luxembourg-domiciled Sociétés d’Investissement à Capital Variable (SICAVs)
– Limited partnerships




                                                                                                                                               Financial information
– Collateralised debt obligations
– Mortgage-backed securities
– Similar asset-backed securities

Collective investment vehicles
The Group invests in OEICs, ACSs, SICAVs and unit trusts, which invest mainly in equities, bonds, cash and cash equivalents,
and properties.
The assessment of control over OEICs, ACSs, SICAVs and unit trusts requires judgement. In assessing control, the Group
determines whether it is acting as principal or agent. This includes an assessment of the scope of its decision-making authority,
including rights held by third parties, which may provide these parties substantive removal rights that may affect the Group’s




                                                                                                                                               Other information
ability to direct the relevant activities and indicate that the Group does not have power.
In addition, the assessment considers the aggregate economic interest of the Group, which includes both direct holding
and expected management fee if the fund manager is a Group company, however, management fee in most cases forms an
immaterial part of the aggregate economic interest of the Group.
Holdings in such investments can fluctuate on a daily basis according to the participation of the Group and other investors
in them. As a result, in determining control, the Group looks at the trend of ownership over a longer period (rather than at
a point in time) to mitigate the impact of daily fluctuations which do not reflect the wider facts and circumstances of the
Group’s involvement.
Consolidation assessment is performed in line with the following principles having taken into account substantial removal rights:
– where the Group manages the assets of the entity, and the aggregate of the Group’s ownership holding in the entity exceeds
  50%, the Group is judged to have control over the entity
– where the Group manages the assets of the entity, and the aggregate of the Group’s ownership holding in the entity is between
  20% and 50%, the facts and circumstances of the Group’s involvement in the entity are considered, including the rights to any
  fees earned by the asset manager from the entity, in forming a judgement as to whether the Group has control over the entity
– where the Group manages the assets of the entity, and the aggregate of the Group’s ownership holding in the entity is less than
  20%, the Group is judged to not have control over the entity
– where the assets of the entity are managed externally, an assessment is made of whether the Group has existing rights that
  give it the ability to direct the current activities of the entity and therefore control the entity. In assessing the Group’s ability to
  direct an entity, the Group considers its ability relative to other investors. The Group has a limited number of OEICs and unit
  trusts where it considers it has such ability




                                                                                               M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 173
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
Where the Group is deemed to control these entities, they are treated as subsidiaries and are consolidated, with the
interests of investors other than entities within the Group being classified as liabilities, presented as third-party interest in
consolidated funds.
Where the Group does not control these entities (as it is deemed to be acting as an agent) and they do not meet the definition
of associates, they are carried at FVTPL within equity securities and pooled investment funds in the consolidated statement of
financial position.
Where the Group initially sets up OEICs, ACSs, SICAVs and unit trusts as part of its operations through its investment
management business, and invests the initial seed capital which results in a significant holding resulting in control of the fund,
the Group assesses whether there is a formal plan in place to divest its holding to below the threshold triggering control within
12 months. In this situation, the vehicle is not consolidated, but classified as held for sale and carried at FVTPL.

Limited partnerships
The Group invests in a number of limited partnerships, either directly or through unit trusts, through a mix of capital and loans.
These limited partnerships are managed by general partners, in which the Group holds equity.
Such interests in general partners and limited partnerships provide the Group with voting and similar rights to participate in
the governance framework of the relevant activities which limited partnerships are engaged in. Accounting for the limited
partnerships (including underlying investees) as subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates or other financial investments depends
on the terms of each partnership agreement and the level of shareholdings in the general partners.

Other structured entities
The Group holds investments in mortgage-backed securities, collateralised debt obligations and similar asset-backed securities.
The Group consolidates the vehicles that hold the investments where the Group is deemed to control the vehicles.
When assessing control over the vehicles, the factors considered include the purpose and design of the vehicle, the Group’s
exposure to the variability of returns and the scope of the Group’s ability to direct the relevant activities of the vehicle, including
any kick-out or removal rights that are held by third parties. The outcome of the control assessment is dependent on the terms
and conditions of the respective individual arrangements, taking into account aggregate economic interest where relevant.

(iv) Third-party interests
Interests of parties other than the Group in entities which the Group controls are assessed to determine whether they should be
classified as financial liabilities or as non-controlling interests in equity on the statement of financial position. Puttable third-party
interests such as units held by external investors in unit trusts are classified as financial liabilities. Third-party interests in private
equity vehicles set up with finite lives are also classified as financial liabilities.

1.5.2 Insurance and investment contracts
(i) Classification
Contracts written by the Group’s insurance operations are classified as either insurance contracts or investment contracts.
Contracts that transfer significant insurance risk to the Group are classified as insurance contracts. Judgement is applied in
assessing whether the features of a contract gives rise to the transfer of significant insurance risk. This assessment is based on a
readily identifiable scenario which is used to determine if there would be a significant difference in the contract’s cash outflows if
the insured event occurs. This judgement is made at inception and is not revisited.
Contracts that transfer financial risk to the Group but not significant insurance risk are classified as investment contracts.
Some contracts, both insurance and investment, contain discretionary participation features (DPF) representing the contractual
right to receive additional benefits as a supplement to guaranteed benefits that: (i) are likely to be a significant portion of the total
contract benefits; (ii) have amount or timing contractually at the discretion of the insurer; and (iii) are contractually based on asset
or fund performance. These contracts are classified as insurance or investment contracts with DPF.
The measurement of contracts depends on their classification. Those classified as either insurance contracts or investment
contracts with DPF are accounted for as insurance contracts under IFRS 4. Investment contracts without DPF are accounted
for as financial instruments under IAS 39. The classification of the Group’s insurance operations’ main contract types are
shown below:

Type of contract                                                     Classification
With-profits                                                         Insurance contract/Investment contract with DPF
Unit-linked with significant insurance risk                          Insurance contract
Unit-linked without significant insurance risk                       Investment contract
Annuities                                                            Insurance contract




174 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
(ii) Measurement: Insurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary participation features
Insurance contracts and investment contracts with DPF are accounted for under IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts, which permits



                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
the continued usage of previously applied Generally Accepted Accounting Practices (GAAP) that have been grandfathered by
the Group. In particular, the Group uses a modified statutory basis, which is based on grandfathered regulatory requirements
prior to the adoption of Solvency II, adjusted in accordance with the Statement of Recommended Practice issued by the
Association of British Insurers (ABI SORP). The Group’s With-Profits Fund is measured on a realistic basis in accordance with
FRS 27 Life Assurance. The measurement of the liabilities arising from the main types of contracts in scope of IFRS 4 is described
further below.

Valuation of the With-Profits Fund’s liabilities
The policyholder liabilities for the Group’s With-Profits Fund are measured under FRS 27 Life Assurance, which requires the use
of the realistic value of liabilities. In aggregate, this has the effect of placing a market consistent value on the liabilities of with-
profits contracts, which reflects the amounts expected to be paid based on the current value of investments held by the With-


                                                                                                                                              Governance
Profits Fund and current circumstances.
The realistic basis requires the value of with-profits policyholder liabilities to be calculated as the sum of:
i. a with-profits benefits reserve (WPBR)
ii. future policy-related liabilities (FPRL)
The WPBR is primarily based on the retrospective calculation of accumulated asset shares with adjustments to reflect future
policyholder benefits and other charges and expenses. Asset shares broadly reflect the policyholders’ share of the With-Profits
Fund assets attributable to their policies. For certain classes of business, the WPBR is instead calculated using a prospective
bonus reserve valuation, valuing future claims and expenses using the expected future bonus rates.




                                                                                                                                              Financial information
The FPRL must include a market-consistent valuation of costs of guarantees, options and smoothing, less any related charges,
and this amount is determined using a stochastic approach.
The shareholders’ share of future costs of bonuses is included within the liabilities for unallocated surplus. The shareholders’
share of profit is recognised in line with the distribution of bonuses to policyholders.

Unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund
The unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund represents the excess of assets over policyholder liabilities that have yet to be
appropriated between policyholders and shareholders. The unallocated surplus is recorded wholly as a liability with no allocation
to equity. The annual excess/(shortfall) of income over expenditure of the With-Profits Fund, after declaration and attribution
of the cost of bonuses to policyholders and shareholders, is transferred to/(from) the unallocated surplus each year through a




                                                                                                                                              Other information
charge/(credit) to the income statement. The balance retained in the unallocated surplus represents cumulative income arising
on the with-profits business that has not been allocated to policyholders or shareholders.

Valuation of unit-linked contracts
For unit-linked contracts classified as insurance contracts, the attaching liability reflects the unit value obligation and an
additional provision in respect of expenses and mortality risk. The latter component is determined by applying mortality
assumptions on a basis that is appropriate for the policyholder profile and discounted at an appropriate valuation interest rate.

Valuation of annuity contracts
The annuity liabilities are calculated as the expected value of future annuity payments and expenses, discounted by a valuation
interest rate, having prudent regard to the assumptions used. The primary assumptions required are in respect of policyholder
mortality, credit assumptions within the valuation interest rate, and future expense levels.

Liability adequacy test
The Group performs adequacy testing on its liabilities in respect of insurance contracts and investment contracts with DPF to
ensure that the carrying amounts (net of related deferred acquisition costs) is sufficient to cover current estimates of future cash
flows. Any deficiency is immediately charged to the income statement.

(iii) Investment contracts without discretionary participation features
Investment contracts without DPF, such as unit-linked savings and similar contracts, are accounted for as financial instruments.
This treatment reflects the deposit nature of the arrangement, with premiums and claims reflected as deposits and withdrawals
and taken directly to the statement of financial position as movements in the financial liability. These investment contracts are
classified as financial instruments and designated as FVTPL because the resulting liabilities are managed, and their performance
is evaluated on a fair value basis.
The Group incurs various incremental, directly attributable acquisition costs relating to the investment management element
of these contracts which are capitalised and amortised in line with the related revenue. If the contracts involve upfront charges,
this income is also deferred and amortised through the income statement as the service is provided in accordance with IFRS 15.




                                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 175
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
1.5.3 Business acquisitions
Business acquisitions are accounted for by applying the acquisition method of accounting, where the identifiable assets and
liabilities of the acquired business are recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition. The excess of the fair value of acquisition
consideration over the recorded value of the assets and liabilities of the acquired entity is recorded on the statement of financial
position as goodwill. Expenses related to acquiring new business are charged to the income statement in the year in which they
are incurred. Income and expenses of acquired entities are included in the income statement from the date of acquisition.
Acquisitions of entities under common control are accounted for under merger accounting principles. Under merger accounting,
the results and statement of financial position for entities acquired are presented as if they had always been combined.
Assets and liabilities of the entities acquired are recorded at their carrying values and a fair value measurement is not undertaken.
No new goodwill is recognised and the differences between the cost of investment, which is its fair value, and the carrying value
of assets and liabilities acquired is recorded within equity.

1.5.4 Financial assets and liabilities
(i) Classification and measurement
The classification of financial assets and liabilities is determined at initial recognition. The Group classifies derivative financial
assets and financial liabilities as held for trading.
Financial assets which are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are designated at fair value
through profit or loss (FVTPL). The vast majority of the Group’s financial assets fall into this category as the assets are held to
back policyholder liabilities. Managing assets on a fair value basis maximises returns to policyholders and avoids accounting
mismatches in the income statement.
Financial assets classified as held for trading or at FVTPL, and financial liabilities classified as held for trading, are measured at
fair value with all changes thereon being recognised in investment return in the income statement.
The Group’s financial assets which are not derivatives or designated at FVTPL are classified as loans or receivables.
These instruments comprise non-quoted investments that have fixed or determinable payments and include loans collateralised
by mortgages, deposits, loans to policyholders and other unsecured loans and receivables. These investments are initially
recognised at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, these instruments are carried at amortised cost using the effective
interest method and are subject to impairment reviews. Where there is objective evidence that a loss event has occurred, the
Group measures the amount of the impairment loss by comparing the amortised cost with the present value of its estimated
future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate.
The Group uses the trade date method to account for regular purchases and sales of financial assets. Transaction costs are
expensed as incurred.
Financial liabilities other than derivatives are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements. The Group
designates financial liabilities at FVTPL if these instruments are managed and their performance evaluated on a fair value basis.
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features are designated at FVTPL, with changes in fair value
recognised within benefits and claims in the consolidated income statement. The fair value liability is equal to the total value of
units allocated to the policyholders, based on the bid price of the underlying assets.
Third-party interest in consolidated funds which are classified as financial liabilities are designated as FVTPL to match the
treatment of the underlying assets in the funds. Changes in fair value are recognised in movements in third-party interest in
consolidated funds in the consolidated income statement.
Financial liabilities which are not designated at FVTPL are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

(ii) Determination of fair value
The Group uses current bid prices to value its investments with quoted prices. Actively traded investments without quoted prices
are valued using prices provided by third parties. Financial assets measured at fair value are classified into a three-level hierarchy
as described in Note 33.
If the market for a financial investment of the Group is not active, the fair value is determined using valuation techniques.
The Group establishes fair value for these financial investments by using quotations from independent third parties, such as
brokers or pricing services, or by using internally developed pricing models. Priority is given to publicly available prices from
independent sources when available, but overall the source of pricing and/or the valuation technique is chosen with the objective
of arriving at a fair value measurement, which reflects the price at which an orderly transaction would take place between market
participants on the measurement date.
The valuation techniques include the use of recent arm’s length transactions, reference to other instruments that are
substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis, option-adjusted spread models and, if applicable, enterprise valuation
and may include a number of assumptions relating to variables such as credit risk and interest rates. Changes in assumptions
relating to these variables could positively or negatively impact the reported fair value of these financial investments. Details of
the financial investments classified as ‘level 3’ to which valuation techniques are applied, and the sensitivity of profit before tax
to a change in these items’ valuation, are presented in Note 33.


176 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
1.5.5 Earned premiums, policy fees and claims paid
Premiums and annuity considerations for conventional with-profits policies and other protection-type life insurance and annuity



                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
policies are accounted for when due. For unit-linked business and unitised with-profits policies, premiums are accounted for
when the liabilities arising from the premiums are recognised. These amounts exclude premium taxes and similar duties where
the Group collects and settles taxes borne by the customer.
Policy fees charged on linked and unitised with-profits policies for mortality, asset management and policy administration are
recognised as revenue when related services are provided.
Claims paid include maturities, annuities, surrenders and deaths. Maturity claims are recorded as charges on the policy maturity
date. Annuity claims are recorded when each annuity instalment becomes due for payment. Surrenders are charged to the
income statement when paid and death claims are recorded when notified.

1.5.6 Reinsurance


                                                                                                                                          Governance
The business seeks to reduce loss exposure by reinsuring certain levels of risk in various areas of exposure with other insurance
companies or reinsurers. Where the reinsurance contracts transfer significant insurance risk to the reinsurer, the asset arising
from the contract is classified as reinsurance assets.
The measurement of reinsurance assets is consistent with the measurement of the underlying direct insurance contracts.
Reinsurance premiums paid and reinsurance recoveries on claims paid are recognised when the corresponding insurance
premium is received from the policyholder and when the reinsured claims are incurred, respectively. These items are disclosed
separately on the face of the consolidated income statement. Any gains or losses arising on the purchase of reinsurance
contracts are immediately recognised in the consolidated income statement.
Where the reinsurance contract does not transfer significant insurance risk to the reinsurer, the contract is classified as a




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
financial instrument and is measured at FVTPL.

1.5.7 Fee income
Revenue arising from contracts with customers consists of investment management and performance fee income from the
Group’s asset management business, investment contracts without DPF, platform fee and other fees and commissions.
Management fee income is based on investment assets under management and is only recognised when the Group satisfies its
performance obligation to provide the asset management services. It is recognised in the year in which the services are rendered
and is recognised net of rebates. Since the asset management service the Group provides is a continuous service, it satisfies its
performance obligation over time. Therefore, the Group meets the criteria for its revenue to be recognised over time as the client
benefits from the asset management services received from the Group.




                                                                                                                                          Other information
Performance fee income is based on the achievement of prescribed performance hurdles. It is only recognised when the
performance obligations are satisfied or upon the crystallisation event occurring and when it is highly probable that a significant
reversal will not occur.
Fees from investment contracts without DPF are recognised over time as the services are provided, which may be the point
at which the cash is received. Other fees and commissions such as from the provision of financial advice to customers are
recognised when performance obligations are satisfied or upon the crystallisation of an event. The price is determined based
on the agreed initial or ongoing adviser charge.
Platform fees are recognised as the related services are provided to the customer.
No significant judgements are applied on the timing or transaction price or the determination of the costs incurred to obtain
or fulfil a contract.

1.5.8 Investment return
Investment return included in the consolidated income statement comprises interest income, rental income, dividends, foreign
exchange gains and losses, realised and unrealised gains and losses on investments designated as FVTPL, and realised gains
and losses (including impairment) on items held at amortised cost. Interest income is recognised as it accrues on an effective
interest basis. Dividends on equity securities are recognised on the ex-dividend date and rental income is recognised on an
accruals basis.




                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 177
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
1.5.9 Deferred acquisition costs
The Group incurs various incremental, directly attributable acquisition costs in obtaining new contracts. For investment contracts
without DPF, these acquisition costs are capitalised and amortised in line with the related revenue as required by IFRS 15.
For certain insurance contracts, such acquisition costs are also capitalised and amortised in line with the emergence of projected
margins. These costs (deferred acquisition costs) are recognised as an asset in the statement of financial position.
The recoverability of any deferred acquisition costs is reviewed at each reporting date, and to the extent that these are no longer
deemed recoverable from future revenue or projected margins, then the carrying value is written down to the recoverable
amount and the related impairment charge recorded in the consolidated income statement.
For insurance contracts written within the UK regulated With-Profits Fund, in accordance with FRS 27 there is no deferral of
acquisition costs and these costs are expensed as incurred. Similarly, for insurance contracts where all of the acquisition costs
are recovered upfront, such as annuities, no acquisition costs are deferred.

1.5.10 Derivatives and hedge accounting
The primary areas of the Group’s continuing operations where derivative instruments are held are in the With-Profits Fund
and annuity business. Management designates derivatives on inception and those that are not designated as hedging
instruments are carried at fair value, with movements in fair value being recorded within investment return in the consolidated
income statement.
The Group does not regularly seek to apply fair value or cash flow hedging treatment under IAS 39 and has had no fair value or
cash flow hedges for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.

1.5.11 Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities
The Group’s policy is to derecognise financial assets when it is deemed that substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
have been transferred. Gains and losses on disposal are determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and
the carrying amount of the asset, and are recognised in the consolidated income statement.
The Group derecognises financial liabilities only when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or
has expired.

1.5.12 Securities lending and reverse repurchase agreements
The Group is party to various securities-lending agreements and repurchase agreements under which securities are transferred
to third parties on a short-term basis. The transferred securities are not derecognised; rather, they continue to be recognised
within the appropriate investment classification. The Group’s policy is that collateral in excess of 100% of the fair value of
securities loaned is required from all securities’ borrowers and typically consists of cash, debt securities, equity securities or
letters of credit.
In cases where the Group takes possession of the collateral under its securities lending programme, including cash collateral
which is not legally separated from the Group, the collateral and corresponding obligation to return such collateral is recognised
as a financial liability on the consolidated statement of financial position.
The Group is also party to various reverse repurchase agreements under which securities are purchased from third parties with
an obligation to resell the securities. The securities are not recognised as investments on the statement of financial position.
The right to receive the return of any cash paid as purchase consideration plus interest is recognised as a financial asset on the
statement of financial position.

1.5.13 Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings
Subordinated liabilities include loan notes issued by the Group which are classified as financial liabilities as they have a fixed
repayment date and do not represent a residual interest in the net assets of the Company on liquidation. The notes rank junior
to all other liabilities of the Group in the event of liquidation, but above share capital.
Borrowings include operational borrowings attributable to shareholder-financed operations and other borrowings attributable
to the With-Profits Fund.
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs. Borrowings, excluding
those backing buy-to-let mortgages, which are managed on a fair value basis and designated at FVTPL, are subsequently
accounted for on an amortised cost basis using the effective interest method. Under the effective interest method, the difference
between the redemption value of the borrowing and the initial proceeds (net of related issue costs) is amortised through the
income statement to the date of maturity, or for hybrid debt, over the expected life of the instrument.
Borrowings backing buy-to-let mortgages are designated at FVTPL in line with the underlying loan assets.




178 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
1.5.14 Investment property
Investments in leasehold and freehold properties not for occupation by the Group, including properties under development



                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
for future use as investment property, are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value included in the income statement.
Properties are valued annually either by the Group’s qualified surveyors or by taking into consideration the advice of professional
external valuers using the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors’ valuation standards. Each property is externally valued at
least once every three years.

1.5.15 Defined benefit pension schemes
For the Group’s defined benefit schemes, if the present value of the defined benefit obligation for the relevant scheme exceeds
the fair value of the scheme assets, then a liability is recorded in the Group’s statement of financial position in respect of that
scheme. By contrast, if the fair value of the assets of the relevant scheme exceeds the present value of the defined benefit
obligation then the surplus in respect of that scheme will only be recognised if the nature of the arrangements under the
trust deed, and funding arrangements between the Trustee and the employing entity, support the availability of refunds or


                                                                                                                                             Governance
recoverability through agreed reductions in future contributions. In addition, if there is a constructive obligation for the employing
entity to pay deficit funding in respect of schemes where there is no unconditional right to a refund to any surplus, this is also
recognised such that the financial position recorded for the scheme reflects the higher of any underlying IAS 19 Employee
Benefits deficit and the obligation for deficit funding.
The Group utilises the projected unit credit method to calculate the defined benefit obligation. This method sees each year of
service as giving rise to an additional unit of benefit entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the final obligation.
Estimated future cash flows are then discounted at a high-quality corporate bond rate, adjusted to allow for the difference in
duration between the bond index and the pension liabilities where appropriate, to determine its present value. These calculations
are performed by independent actuaries.




                                                                                                                                             Financial information
The plan assets of the Group’s pension schemes include several insurance contracts that have been issued by the Group.
These assets are excluded from plan assets in determining the pension surplus or deficit recognised on the consolidated
statement of financial position. The aggregate of the actuarially determined service costs of the currently employed personnel,
and the net interest on the net defined benefit obligation at the start of the year, is charged to the consolidated income
statement. Actuarial and other gains and losses as a result of changes in assumptions or experience variances are recognised
as other comprehensive income.
Contributions to the Group’s defined contribution pension schemes are expensed when due.

1.5.16 Tax
The Group applies IAS 12 Income Taxes in accounting for taxes on income. Income tax comprises current tax and deferred tax.
Income Tax is recognised in the income statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive




                                                                                                                                             Other information
income or directly in equity, in which case the tax is recognised in the same statement as the related item appears.
Current tax expense is charged or credited based upon amounts estimated to be payable or recoverable as a result of taxable
amounts for the current year and adjustments made in relation to prior years. Income tax recoverable on tax-allowable losses is
recognised as a current tax asset only to the extent that it is regarded as recoverable by offsetting against taxable profits arising
in the current or prior periods. Current tax is measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively
enacted at the balance sheet date.
Deferred taxes are provided under the liability method for all relevant temporary differences. IAS 12 Income Taxes does not
require all temporary differences to be provided for, in particular, the Group does not provide for deferred tax on undistributed
earnings of subsidiaries where the Group is able to control the timing of the distribution and the temporary difference created is
not expected to reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax is also not recognised on temporary differences that arise from
initial recognition of an asset or a liability in a transaction (other than a business combination) that at the time of the transaction
affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
sufficient taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry-forward of unused
tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability
settled, based on tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or are substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are only offset when there is both a legal right to set-off and an intention to settle on a net basis.
The total tax charge includes tax expense attributable to both policyholders and shareholders. The tax expense attributable to
policyholders comprises the tax on the income of the consolidated with-profits and unit-linked funds. In certain jurisdictions,
such as the UK, life insurance companies are taxed on both their shareholders’ profits and their policyholders’ insurance and
investment returns on certain insurance and investment products. Although both types of tax are included in the total tax charge
in the Group’s consolidated income statement, they are presented separately in the consolidated income statement to provide
the most relevant information about tax that the Group pays on its profits.




                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 179
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
The Group is subject to tax in numerous jurisdictions and the calculation of the total tax charge inherently involves a degree of
estimation and judgement. The positions taken in tax returns, where applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation, are
recognised in full in the determination of the tax charge in the financial statements if the Group considers that it is probable
that the taxation authority will accept those positions. Otherwise, the Group considers an uncertain tax position to exist
and a provision is recognised to reflect that a taxation authority, upon review of the positions, could alter the tax returns.
From recognition, the provision is measured based on management’s judgement and estimate of the likely amount of the liability,
or recovery, by providing for the single best estimate of the most likely outcome or the weighted average expected value where
there are multiple possible outcomes, taking into account external advice where appropriate. Each uncertain tax treatment is
considered separately or together as a group, depending on management’s judgement as to which approach better predicts the
resolution of the uncertainty. It is assumed that tax authorities will examine the uncertain tax treatments and that they have full
knowledge of all related information.
The judgements and estimates made to recognise and measure the effect of uncertain tax positions are reassessed whenever
circumstances change or when there is new information that affects those judgements.

1.5.17 Goodwill
Goodwill arises when the Group acquires a business and the fair value consideration paid exceeds the fair value of the net
assets acquired. Goodwill arising on acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses is capitalised and carried on the consolidated
statement of financial position at initial value less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill impairment testing is conducted
annually and when there is an indication of impairment. For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to a group
of cash-generating units. Goodwill impairment charges are recognised immediately in the income statement.

1.5.18 Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations are measured at fair value on acquisition. Separately acquired
intangible assets such as licences and software, are recognised at the price paid to acquire them. Intangibles arising from
development costs are capitalised when it has been established that the project is technically and financially feasible and the
Group has both the intention and ability to use the completed asset.
Intangible assets are subsequently carried at cost less amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.
Intangibles are amortised on a basis to reflect the pattern in which the future economic benefits are expected to be consumed
by reference to new business production levels unless the pattern cannot be determined reliably, in which case a straight-
line method is applied. Impairment testing is conducted when there is an indication of impairment. If an impairment has
occurred, an impairment charge is recognised for the difference between the carrying value and recoverable amount of the
asset. The recoverable amount is the greater of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is calculated as the
present value of future expected cash flows from the asset, cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which
it is allocated.
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets is charged to the income statement.

1.5.19 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash at bank and in hand, deposits held at call with banks, debt securities and money
market funds with less than 90 days’ maturity from the date of acquisition.

1.5.20 Dividends
Dividends are recognised when the obligation becomes certain, i.e. when the dividend is no longer at the discretion of the
Company. In the case of interim dividends, this occurs when the dividends are paid. For final dividends, this occurs when they
are recommended by the Board and approved by shareholders.

1.5.21 Share capital and share premium
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group, after deducting all of its
liabilities. Shares are classified as equity when their terms do not create an obligation to transfer assets. The nominal value of
shares issued is recorded in share capital.
Where the consideration received from the issue or sale of existing shares exceeds the nominal value recorded in share capital,
the difference is recorded in share premium. Share premium is recorded net of share issue costs.

1.5.22 Treasury shares
Where any of the Group entities purchase the Company’s share capital, the consideration paid, including any attributable
transaction costs, is shown as a deduction from total shareholders’ equity. Any gains and losses arising on treasury shares are
included within equity.

1.5.23 Merger reserve
The merger reserve arises from the application of merger accounting principles to acquisitions of entities under common control.
It represents the difference between the aggregate capital reserves and value of the entities acquired, which is recognised
directly in equity. On disposal of the relevant entity, the related merger reserve is released directly to retained earnings.


180 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
1.5.24 Share-based payments
All share-based payments made to employees for services rendered are measured based on the fair value of the equity



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
instrument granted. The fair value takes into account the impact of market-based vesting conditions and non-vesting conditions,
but excludes any impact of non-market-based vesting conditions. The related share-based payment expense is recognised
over the vesting period. The fair value may be determined using an option pricing model such as Black-Scholes or a Monte Carlo
simulation where appropriate, taking into account the terms and conditions of the award.
For equity-settled share-based payments, the fair value of service rendered is based on the fair value of the equity instrument at
grant date, which is not remeasured subsequently. The share-based payment expense is recognised over the vesting period and
is based on the number of equity instruments expected to vest, with the corresponding entry to equity.
For cash-settled share-based payments, the fair value of service rendered is based on the fair value of the liability related to
the equity instrument granted. The fair value equity instrument granted is remeasured at each reporting date with any changes
recognised in the share-based payment expense for the period.


                                                                                                                                           Governance
A cancellation of an award without the grant of a replacement equity instrument is accounted for as an acceleration of
vesting. Accordingly, any share-based expense that would have been recognised over the remaining vesting period is
recognised immediately.
Where replacement equity instruments are granted to employees in place of the cancelled equity instruments, the replacement
award is treated as a modification of the original award. At the point of replacement, the awards are remeasured to the fair value
at the date of replacement, which forms the basis of recognising the expense over the remaining vesting period.
On vesting or exercise, the difference between the expense charged to the income statement and the actual cost to the Group is
transferred to retained earnings.




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
1.5.25 Discontinued operations
The Group classifies an entity (or a component of an entity) within the Group as a discontinued operation if it has either been
disposed of, or is classified as held for sale, and:
– represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations
– is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations or
– is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.
The analysis of the comprehensive income and cash flows relating to discontinued operations is disclosed separately in the
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                           Other information
1.5.26 Earnings per share (EPS)
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average
number of ordinary shares outstanding, excluding treasury shares.
Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average
number of ordinary shares, excluding treasury shares, adjusted to take into account the effect of any dilutive potential ordinary
shares. The Group’s only class of potentially dilutive ordinary shares are share options and awards granted to employees.
Potential ordinary shares are treated as dilutive when their conversion to ordinary shares results in a decrease in EPS.

1.5.27 Foreign exchange
The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in million pounds sterling, the Group’s presentation currency.
Accordingly, the results and financial position of foreign subsidiaries are translated into the presentation currency of the Group
from their functional currencies. All assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are converted at year-end exchange rates while all
income and expenses are converted at average exchange rates where this is a reasonable approximation of the rates prevailing
on transaction dates.
Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the spot exchange rate for the functional currency at the
reporting date. Changes resulting from exchange rates are recognised in the income statement.
Foreign currency transactions are translated into functional currencies at the spot rate prevailing on the date of transactions.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional
currency at the spot exchange rate at the date on which the fair value is determined. Non-monetary items that are measured
based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the spot exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
Exchange differences arising on the translation of foreign subsidiaries are recognised in other comprehensive income and taken
to other reserves within equity. On disposal of the foreign subsidiary, the related exchange differences are transferred out of this
reserve and are recognised in the income statement as part of the gain or loss on disposal.




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 181
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
The income statements and cash flows, and statements of financial position of Group entities that have a different functional
currency from the Group’s presentation currency, have been translated using the following principal exchange rates.

                           2020 Income statement and     2020 Statement of financial    2019 Income statement and     2019 Statement of financial
                             cash flows (average rate)        position (closing rate)     cash flows (average rate)        position (closing rate)
Euro (EUR)                                       1.13                           1.12                          1.14                           1.18
Indian Rupee (INR)                              95.11                        99.88                          89.90                         94.56
Polish Złoty (PLN)                              5.00                           5.09                          4.90                           5.02
Vietnamese Đồng
(VND)                                           30.70                         31.55                         29.65                         30.70
US Dollar (USD)                                  1.32                           1.37                          1.28                          1.32


1.5.28 Leases
The Group leases office property to conduct its business. At the inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract
is, or contains, a lease. In simple terms this applies if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for
a period of time in exchange for consideration. At inception, the Group allocates the consideration in a contract to each lease
component. However, for the leases of land and buildings, in which the Group acts as lessee, the Group has elected to account
for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
Where the Group acts as a lessee, it recognises a “right of use” asset and a corresponding lease liability, representing the
obligation to make lease payments at the lease commencement date. The Group applies the cost model to the right of use assets,
except for those that meet the definition of an investment property, to which the fair value model is applied.
The asset is initially measured at cost which comprises the amount of the lease liability, and lease payments made at or before
the commencement date, any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of the costs related to the dilapidation of the asset that
would be incurred, less any lease incentives received. Subsequently, the asset is depreciated using the straight-line method from
the commencement date to the earlier of (i) the end of the right of use asset’s useful life and (ii) the end of the lease term.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of lease payments that are not yet paid at the commencement date,
discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s own incremental
borrowing rate. Subsequently, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method. From time
to time, the lease liability may be re-measured where there is a change in future lease payments for example, where the
Group reassesses whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. Where this happens, a corresponding
adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right of use asset or an amount is recognised in the consolidated income
statement if the carrying amount of the right of use asset has been reduced to zero.
The Group presents the right of use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in ‘Property, plant
and equipment’ on the consolidated statement of financial position. The corresponding lease liabilities are presented in
‘Lease liabilities’.
Where the Group acts as lessor, it classifies and accounts for its leases as operating or finance leases. Where the Group acts as
an intermediate lessor, as it does with some of its property leases, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease
separately. The Group assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right of use asset arising from the
head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset. The Group recognises lease payments received under operating leases as
income on a straight-line basis over the lease term as part of ‘Investment return’.




182 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1 Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
1.5.29 Property, plant and equipment (PPE)
PPE includes Group occupied properties and other tangible assets, such as computer equipment, motor vehicles, leasehold



                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
improvements and fixtures and fittings. PPE including owner-occupied property is measured at cost, which represents the
original purchase price less any expenses incurred in bringing it to its working conditions, and subsequently measured using
the cost model.
Depreciation is charged to the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the assets estimated useful livesi
as follows:

Group occupied property                                         20–50 years
Right of use asset                                                2–50 years
Other tangible assets                                            2–40 years




                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
i   Note that the useful lives stated are inclusive of PPE held by consolidated infrastructure private equity vehicles which typically have longer useful lives
    than other assets of the Group.

Management determines useful lives and residual values for assets when they are acquired. The Group assesses the useful life,
residual value and depreciation method for PPE on an annual basis and any adjustments are made where required.
An impairment review of PPE is carried out whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
not be recoverable. Management assesses impairment at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash flows.
Where the carrying amount of an asset is greater than its estimated recoverable amount, which is the higher of the assets fair
value less costs of disposal and value in use, it is written down immediately to its recoverable amount and an impairment loss is
recognised in the consolidated income statement.




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial information
1.5.30 Assets and liabilities held for sale
The Group classifies assets and liabilities as held for sale when the carrying amount is expected to be recovered through a sale
transaction, usually within one year, and management is committed to the sale.
Assets and liabilities held for sale are shown separately on the consolidated statement of financial position and are measured at
the lower of their carrying amount and their fair value less costs to sell. No depreciation or amortisation is charged on an asset
which is classified as held for sale.
When the Group is committed to a sale of a subsidiary, all of the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for
sale when the criteria described above are met, regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in its former
subsidiary after the sale.




                                                                                                                                                                  Other information
Income and expenses of subsidiaries sold during the year are included in the income statement up to the date of disposal.
The gain or loss on disposal is calculated as the difference between sale proceeds net of selling costs, less the net assets of
the entity at the date of disposal, adjusted for foreign exchange movements attaching to the sold entity that are required to be
recycled to the income statement under IAS 21: The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates.

1.5.31 Provisions and contingent assets and liabilities
Provisions are recognised in the statement of financial position when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
resulting from a past event, it is more probable than not that a loss will be made in settling the obligation and the amounts can
be estimated reliably.
Provisions are measured based on management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the
reporting date. Provisions are discounted and represent the present value of the expected expenditure where the effect of
the time value of money is material.
Contingent liabilities are possible obligations of the Group where the timing and amount are subject to significant uncertainty.
Contingent liabilities are not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position, unless they are assumed by the
Group as part of a business combination. Contingent liabilities are however disclosed, unless they are considered to be remote.
If a contingent liability becomes probable and the amount can be reliably measured, it is no longer treated as contingent and
recognised as a liability.
Contingent assets which are possible benefits to the Group are only disclosed if it is probable that the Group will receive the
benefit. Mirroring the treatment of contingent liabilities, if such a benefit becomes virtually certain, it is no longer considered
contingent and is recognised on the consolidated statement of financial position as an asset.




                                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 183
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




2 Group structure and products
 2.1 Group composition
 The following diagram is an extract of the Group structure at 31 December 2020 and gives an overview of the composition
 of the Group. M&G plc is the holding company of the Group.




                                                                                        M&G plc




                          M&G Group       Prudential                                                    Prudential         Prudential       Prudential
                                                                                     M&G Corporate
                           Regulated       Property                                                      Financial       Capital Holding   Capital Public
                                                                                       Holdings
                         Entity Holding    Services                                                      Services          Company            Limited
                                                                                       Limited
                        Company Limited     Limited                                                       Limited           Limited          Company




                         The Prudential                                                Prudential                          Prudential
                                                         Wrap IFA                                        Prudential
        M&G Group         Assurance                                                     Portfolio                           Capital
                                                         Services                                         Financial
         Limited           Company                                                    Management                          (Singapore)
                                                         Limited                                      Planning Limited
                            Limited                                                   Group Limited                       Pte. Limited




                          Prudential
                                                        Investment                     Prudential
                         International                                                                   Prudential
          M&G FA                                       Funds Direct                     Portfolio
                          Assurance                                                                     Distribution
          Limited                                          Group                       Managers
                         Public Limited                                                                   Limited
                                                          Limited                        Limited
                        Company Ireland




                          Prudential                                   Investment        M&G
           M&G                             Investment
                           Lifetime                                   Funds Direct     Corporate          Other
         Securities                       Funds Direct
                          Mortgages                                      Holdings      Services         Subsidiaries
          Limited                            Limited
                           Limited                                       Limited        Limited




      M&G Alternative
                          Prudential
       Investment                           Other                                       Other
                          Pensions
       Management                         Subsidiaries                                Subsidiaries
                           Limited
         Limited




           M&G
         Financial          Other
         Services         Subsidiaries
          Limited




      M&G Real Estate
         Limited




      M&G Investment
       Management
         Limited




            Other
        Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                         Key: Regulated
         (including
                                                                                                                          subsidiaries
         regulated
        subsidiaries)




A complete list of the Group’s related undertakings comprising subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and other significant
holdings is contained within Note 41.




184 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
2 Group structure and products continued
2.2 Transactions relating to corporate restructure




                                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
2.2.1 Transfer of ownership of The Prudential Assurance Company Limited and M&G Group Limited
As part of an internal restructure on 23 July 2020, ownership of M&G Group Limited (MGG) and The Prudential Assurance
Company Limited (PAC) was transferred from the Company to M&G Group Regulated Entity Holding Company Limited, a direct
subsidiary of the Company. The transfer was at fair value in a share for share exchange. As this is an intra-group transaction,
there is no impact on the consolidated financial statements.

2.2.2 Transfer of ownership of Prudential Capital Public Limited Company
On 31 August 2020, the Company acquired Prudential Capital Public Limited Company via an in specie dividend from Prudential
Capital Holdings Company Limited, a direct subsidiary of the Company. As this is an intra-group transaction, there is no impact
on the consolidated financial statements.

2.3 Corporate transactions


                                                                                                                                                           Governance
2.3.1 Proposed sale of annuity portfolio to Rothesay Life PLC
On 14 March 2018, Prudential plc announced the reinsurance of £12,149m (as at 31 December 2017) of PAC shareholder-backed
annuity portfolio to Rothesay Life PLC by way of a collateralised reinsurance arrangement followed by an insurance business
transfer scheme (the “Scheme”) under Part VII of Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. The terms of the reinsurance
arrangement transferred substantially all of the economic risk and capital requirements associated with the annuity portfolio
to Rothesay Life PLC, subject to a residual counterparty credit risk attaching to reinsurance receivables.
On 17 May 2019, the independent expert who was appointed to report to the High Court concluded that the transfer would have
no material adverse effect on the security of benefits or the reasonable benefit expectations of PAC’s policyholders. However,
on 16 August 2019, the High Court declined to sanction the Scheme. PAC and Rothesay Life PLC have successfully appealed that




                                                                                                                                                           Financial information
decision in the Court of Appeal. There will now need to be a further sanction hearing in the High Court to decide if the transfer
should proceed. The date of the sanction hearing has not yet been set and the associated process has not been clarified. As such
the assets and liabilities associated with the annuity portfolio have not been classified as held for sale in these consolidated
financial statements. The High Court’s judgment had no direct impact on the reinsurance arrangement with Rothesay Life PLC.

2.3.2 Ascentric acquisition
On 27 May 2020, the Group announced an agreement with Royal London to acquire its digital wrap and wealth management
platform, for UK independent financial advisers, which comprises Wrap IFA Services Limited (Wrap IFA) and all of its subsidiaries
together referred to as Ascentric.
The acquisition of Ascentric completed on 1 September 2020 following change of control approval from the FCA.
Following acquisition, Wrap IFA is a wholly-owned subsidiary of M&G Group Regulated Entity Holding Company Limited,



                                                                                                                                                           Other information
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
As at the acquisition date, the consideration, net assets acquired and resulting goodwill and intangible assets from the
acquisition were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                    £m
Total cash consideration                                                                                                                            86
Less loan repayment                                                                                                                                (49)
Consideration to gain control                                                                                                                       37
Fair value of net assets acquired:
Accrued income and other debtors                                                                                                                    15
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                           51
Total assets                                                                                                                                        66
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                                                                                       49
Provisions                                                                                                                                           2
Accruals, deferred income and other creditors                                                                                                        6
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                   57
Intangible assets acquiredi                                                                                                                          7
Goodwill                                                                                                                                            21
Total goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                                28

i   Intangible assets relate to the existing customer relationships in place at the date of acquisition.




                                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 185
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




2 Group structure and products continued
As part of the transaction, an amount of £49m was paid to Royal London on behalf of one of the acquired subsidiaries to allow it
to repay its existing loan to its previous parent. This does not form part of the purchase consideration.
The goodwill of £21m arising from the acquisition represents the benefits of the acquisition in complementing M&G’s strategy
to grow its business and expand its range of services for financial advisers and their clients. Ascentric’s well-established digital
wealth management presence will complement and strengthen M&G’s position in the UK savings market where the company
sees demand for advice and investment solutions continuing to grow. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be
deductible for income tax purposes.
The revenue and loss before tax included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income since 1 September 2020 was
£12m and £7m respectively. The revenue and loss before tax for the year ended 31 December 2020 for Ascentric was £34m and
£15m respectively.

2.4 Insurance and investment products
2.4 Insurance and investment contracts written by the Group’s insurance entities
A description of the main contract types written by the Group’s insurance entities is provided below.
The Group’s with-profits contracts are written in the With-Profits Fund in which policyholders share in the profit of the fund.
There are three with-profits sub-funds: the With-Profits Sub-Fund (WPSF), the Defined Charge Participating Sub-Fund (DCPSF)
and the Scottish Amicable Insurance Fund (SAIF).
Shareholder-backed business represents all insurance and investment contracts in the Group other than contracts written in the
With-Profits Fund. The profit on these contracts accrues directly to the Group’s shareholders.

2.4.1 With-profits contracts
With-profits contracts provide returns to policyholders through bonuses that are smoothed to reduce the impact of volatility of
the investment performance of the assets in the fund.

2.4.1.1 Conventional and accumulating with-profits contracts written in WPSF and DCPSF
Conventional and accumulating with-profits policyholders receive their share of profit by way of regular and final bonuses.
Regular bonus rates are determined for each type of policy primarily by targeting the bonus level at a prudent proportion of the
long-term expected future investment return on underlying assets, reduced as appropriate for each type of policy to allow for
items such as expenses, charges, tax and shareholder transfers.
In normal investment conditions, the Group expects changes in regular bonus rates to be gradual over time. However, the Group
retains the discretion whether or not to declare a regular bonus each year, and there is no limit on the amount by which regular
bonus rates can change.
A final bonus which is normally declared annually, may be added when a claim is paid. The rates of final bonus usually vary by type
of policy and by reference to the period, usually a year, in which the policy commences or each premium is paid. These rates are
determined by reference to the asset shares of representative sample policies and are subject to smoothing.
Regular bonuses are typically declared once a year, and once credited are guaranteed in accordance with the terms of the
particular product. Final bonus rates are guaranteed only until the next bonus declaration.
Contracts are predominantly written in the WPSF, where the shareholders are entitled to an amount up to one-ninth of the bonus
declared, which is payable as a cash transfer from the With-Profits Fund.
For the business written in the DCPSF, the charges accrue to shareholders who also meet the corresponding expenses.
Profits arising in the DCPSF are attributed wholly to DCPSF policyholders. The shareholders’ profit arises as the difference
between charges and expenses.

2.4.1.2 With-profits contracts with a PruFund investment option (“PruFund contracts”)
These are a range of with-profits contracts offering policyholders a choice of investment profiles (“PruFund funds”). Unlike the
with-profits contracts described above, no regular or final bonuses are declared. Instead, policyholders participate in profits
by means of an increase in their investment, which grows in line with an Expected Growth Rate (EGR). The EGR is adjusted for
significant market movements.
The EGR may be applied for each of the different PruFund funds within the range, varying depending on the individual asset mix
of that fund. The applicable EGR, net of the relevant charges, is applied to calculate the ‘smoothed unit value’ of policyholder
funds. The EGRs are reviewed and updated quarterly, with the smoothed unit value calculated daily. In normal investment
conditions, the EGR is expected to reflect PAC’s view of how the funds will perform over the longer-term.
Policyholders are protected from some of the extreme short-term ups and downs of direct investments by using an established
smoothing process. Prescribed adjustments are made to the smoothed unit value if it moves outside a specified range relative to
the value of the underlying assets.




186 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
2 Group structure and products continued
PruFund contracts are predominantly written in the WPSF, where the shareholder is entitled to an amount up to one-ninth of
the difference between the smoothed unit value on withdrawal and the initial investment. The DCPSF also contains PruFund



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
contracts, and for these contracts the shareholders receive profits or losses arising from the difference between the charges
and expenses on this business.

2.4.1.3 SAIF with-profits contracts
SAIF is a ring-fenced with-profits sub-fund. No new business is written in SAIF, although regular premiums and top-ups are still
being collected on in-force policies. The fund is solely for the benefit of policyholders of SAIF. Shareholders have no entitlement
to the profits of this fund. The process of determining policyholder bonuses of SAIF with-profits policies is similar to that for
the with-profits policies of the WPSF. In addition, the surplus assets in SAIF are allocated to policies in an orderly and equitable
distribution over time as enhancements to policyholder benefits.
The Group’s main exposure to guaranteed annuity options arises through contracts in SAIF. More detail on the provisions held in
respect of guaranteed annuity options is provided in Note 27.1.1.


                                                                                                                                           Governance
2.4.2 Unit-linked contracts
Unit-linked contracts are contracts where the value of the policy is linked to the value of underlying investments (such as
collective investment schemes, internal investment pools or other property) or fluctuations in the value of underlying investments
or indices. Investment risk associated with the product is primarily borne by the policyholder. Some unit-linked contracts provide
an element of insurance coverage, such as a benefit payable on death in excess of the value of the units, and these contracts are
classified as insurance contracts and accounted for under IFRS 4 (see Note 27).
Charges are deducted from the unit-linked funds for investment and administration services, and for certain contracts, insurance
coverage. Benefits payable will depend on the price of the units prevailing at the time of surrender, death or the maturity of




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
the product.

2.4.3 Annuities
Annuities are contracts which offer policyholders a regular income over the policyholder’s life, in exchange for an upfront
premium, and may be immediate or deferred. For immediate annuities, the regular income starts immediately after the premium
payment, but for deferred annuities, the regular income is delayed until a specified date in the future. There are various types
of annuity contracts written across the Group: level, fixed increase, inflation-linked (referred to as “non-profit annuities”) and
with-profits annuities. Some non-profit annuities have been written in the With-Profits Fund, and profits relating to this business
accrue to the With-Profits Fund.
– Level annuities: provide a regular (for example, monthly) fixed annuity payment over the policyholder’s life.
– Fixed increase annuities: provide a regular annuity payment which incorporates automatic increases in annuity payments by




                                                                                                                                           Other information
  fixed amounts over the policyholder’s life.
– Inflation-linked annuities: provide for a regular annuity payment to which an additional amount is added periodically based on
  the increase in an inflation index.
– With-profits annuities: are written in the With-Profits Fund. These combine the income features of annuity contracts with the
  investment smoothing features of with-profits products and enable policyholders to obtain exposure to investment return on
  the With-Profits Fund.

3 Segmental analysis
The Group’s operating segments are defined and presented in accordance with IFRS 8: Operating Segments on the basis of the
Group’s management reporting structure and its financial management information. The Group’s primary reporting format is by
customer type, with supplementary information being given by product type. The Chief Operating Decision Maker for the Group
is the Group Executive Committee.

3.1 Operating segments
The Group’s operating segments are:

Savings and Asset Management
The Group’s Savings and Asset Management business provides a range of retirement, savings and investment management
solutions to its retail and institutional customers and clients. The Group’s retirement and savings products are distributed to retail
customers through the wrap platform, intermediaries and advisers, and include the Retirement Account (a combined individual
pension and income drawdown product), individual pensions, ISAs, collective investments and a range of on-shore and off-
shore bonds.
All of the Group’s products that give access to the PruFund investment proposition are included in the Savings and Asset
Management segment. The PruFund investment proposition gives retail customers access to savings contracts with smoothed
investment returns and a wide choice of investment profiles. Unlike the conventional and accumulating with-profits contracts in
the Group’s Heritage business, no regular or final bonuses are declared. Instead, policyholders participate in profits by means of
an increase in their investment, which grows in line with an EGR.


                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 187
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




3 Segmental analysis continued
The Group’s investment management capability is offered to both retail customers and institutional clients. The Group’s retail
customers invest through either UK domiciled Open Ended Investment Companies (OEICs) or Luxembourg domiciled Sociétés
d’Investissement à Capital Variable (SICAVs) and have access to a broad range of actively managed investment products,
including Equities, Fixed Income, Multi-Asset and Real Estate. The Group serves these customers through its many business-to-
business relationships both in the UK and overseas, which include independent financial advisers, high-street banks and wealth
managers. The Group’s institutional investors, include pension funds, insurance companies and banks from around the world,
who invest through segregated mandates and pooled funds into a diverse range of Fixed Income and Real Estate investment
products and services.
The Savings and Asset Management segment also earns investment management revenues from the significant proportion
of Heritage assets it manages.

Heritage
The Group’s Heritage business includes individual and corporate pensions, annuities, life, savings and investment products.
The majority of the products in the Heritage business are closed to new customers but may accept further contributions from
existing policyholdersii. The annuity contracts include: level annuities, which provide a fixed annuity payment; fixed increase
annuities, which incorporate a periodic automatic fixed increase in annuity payments; and inflation-linked annuities, which
incorporate a periodic increase based on a defined inflation index. Some inflation-linked annuities have minimum and/or
maximum increases relative to the corresponding inflation index.
The life products in Heritage are primarily whole of life assurance, endowment assurances, term assurance contracts, lifetime
mortgages, income protection, and critical illness products. Investment products include unit-linked contracts and the Prudential
bond offering, which mainly consists of single-premium-invested whole of life policies, where the customer has the option of
taking ad-hoc withdrawals, regular income or the option of fully surrendering their bond.
Some of the Group’s Heritage products written through conventional and accumulating with-profits contracts, in the With-Profits
Sub-Fund, provide returns to policyholders through ‘regular’ and ‘final’ bonuses that reflect a smoothed investment return.
The Heritage business includes the closed Scottish Amicable Insurance Fund (SAIF) with-profits sub-fund. This fund is solely
for the benefit of policyholders of SAIF. Shareholders have no entitlement to the profits of this fund although they are entitled to
asset management fees on it. It also includes the Defined Charge Participating sub-fund (DCPSF), which consists of two types
of business:
1 the Defined Charge Participating business, primarily business reinsured from Prudential International Assurance plc; and
2 the with-profits annuities transferred from Equitable Life Assurance Society on 31 December 2007.
The Groups other reportable segment is:

Corporate Centre
Corporate Centre includes central corporate costs and debt costs.

3.2 Adjusted operating profit before tax methodology
Adjusted operating profit before tax is the Group’s non-GAAP alternative performance measure, which complements IFRS GAAP
measures and is key to decision-making and the internal performance management of operating segments.
Adjusted operating profit before tax includes IFRS profit from continuing operations only.
For the Group’s fee-based business, adjusted operating profit before tax includes fees received from customers and operating
costs for the business including overheads, expenses required to meet regulatory requirements and regular business
development/restructuring and other costs. Costs associated with fundamental one-off Group-wide restructuring and
transformation are not included in adjusted operating profit before tax.
For the Group’s business written in the With-Profits Fund, adjusted operating profit before tax includes the statutory transfer
to shareholders gross of attributable shareholder tax. Derivative instruments are held to mitigate the risk to the shareholder of
lower future shareholder transfers, and can be separated into two types:
1 Cash flow hedgesiii: those instruments that are held to mitigate volatility in the Group’s IFRS results by being explicitly matched
  to the expected future shareholder transfers.
2 Capital hedges: instruments that hedge the economic present value of shareholder transfers on a Solvency II basis, to
  optimise the capital position.
ii	The Group accepts new members to existing Corporate Pension schemes and writes a small number of new annuity policies with customers who have
    a pension issued by PAC.
iii These cash flow hedges do not constitute hedge accounting arrangements under IAS 39.




188 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
3 Segmental analysis continued
The realised gains or losses on the cash flow hedges are allocated to adjusted operating profit before tax in line with emergence
of the corresponding shareholder transfer within IFRS profit. Any short-term temporary movements in the fair value of these



                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
instruments, not relating to the current year’s shareholder transfer are excluded from adjusted operating profit before tax. As the
capital hedges do not explicitly hedge future IFRS profits, all movements in the fair value of these instruments are excluded from
adjusted operating profit before tax.
For the Group’s shareholder annuity products written by the Heritage segment, adjusted operating profit before tax excludes
the impact of short-term components of credit risk provisioning, the impact of credit risk experience variances over the period,
and total fair value movement on surplus assets backing the shareholder annuity capital, that are not reflective of the longer-term
performance of the business.
Certain adjustments that are considered to be non-recurring or strategic, or due to short-term movements not reflective of
longer-term performance are made to IFRS profit before tax. Adjustments are in respect of short-term fluctuations in investment
returns, costs associated with fundamental one-off Group-wide restructuring and transformation, profits or losses arising on


                                                                                                                                            Governance
corporate transactions and profit/(loss) before tax from discontinued operations.
The key adjusting items between IFRS profit before tax from continuing operations and adjusted operating profit before tax are:

Short-term fluctuations in investment returns
The adjustment for short-term fluctuations in investment returns represents:
(i) Short-term temporary movements in the fair value of instruments held to mitigate equity risk in the with-profits shareholder
    transfer, including both cash flow and capital hedges.
(ii) Total fair value movements on other capital hedges, which are solely held to optimise the Solvency II capital position.




                                                                                                                                            Financial information
(iii)Total fair value movements on surplus assets backing the shareholder annuity capital, and the impact of short-term credit
     risk provisioning and experience variances over the period which are not reflective of the longer-term performance of the
     business, specifically:
  – The impact of credit risk provisioning for short-term adverse credit risk experience;
  – The impact of credit risk provisioning for actual upgrades and downgrades relative to best estimate assumptions. This is
    calculated by reference to current interest rates;
  – Credit experience reflecting the impact of defaults and other similar experience, such as asset exchanges arising from debt
    restructuring; and
  – The impact of market movements on bond portfolio weightings and the subsequent impact on credit provisions.




                                                                                                                                            Other information
  Items relating to investment returns which are included in adjusted operating profit before tax are:
  – The net impact of movements in the value of policyholder liabilities and fair value of the assets backing these liabilities,
    excluding the items included in short-term fluctuations above. The fair value movements of the assets backing the liabilities
    are closely correlated with the related change in liabilities;
  – The unwind of the credit risk premium, which is the opening value of the assets multiplied by the credit risk premium
    assumption, with an adjustment for claims paid over the year. The credit risk premium assumption is the difference between
    the total longer-term credit allowance and a best estimate credit allowance (both of which allow for the combination of
    defaults and downgrades);
  – Actual income received in the year, such as coupon payments, redemption payments and rental income, on surplus assets
    backing the shareholder annuity capital, less an allowance for expenses;
  – The net effect of changes to the valuation rate of interest due to asset trading and portfolio rebalancing;
  – The impact of changes in the long-term component of credit provisioning.

Profit/(Loss) on disposal of businesses and corporate transactions
There were no adjusting items for the year ended 31 December 2020. In the year ended 31 December 2019, £53m resulted
from the reinsurance of £12bn of annuities to Rothesay Life plc in anticipation of sale, which is considered to be non-recurring
in nature and is therefore excluded from IFRS adjusted operating profit before tax. The gain on disposal of Prudential Vietnam
Finance Company is not included in the reconciliation of adjusted operating profit to IFRS profit from continuing operations as
it is presented in profit from discontinued operations in the consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2019.

Restructuring and other costs
Restructuring and other costs primarily reflect the shareholder allocation of costs associated with the merger, transformation,
rebranding and other change in control costs. These costs represent fundamental one-off Group-wide restructuring and
transformation and are therefore excluded from adjusted operating profit before tax.




                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 189
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




3 Segmental analysis continued
3.3 Analysis of Group adjusted operating profit before tax by segment
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                          Savings                                  Total
                                                                                                        and Asset                   Corporate continuing
                                                                                                      Management        Heritage       Centre operations
                                                                                                              £m             £m           £m         £m
Fee-based revenues i                                                                                         1,146            74             —        1,220
Annuity margin                                                                                                     —        438              —          438
With-profits shareholder transfer net of hedging gains/(losses)ii                                                44          207             —          251
Adjusted operating income                                                                                    1,190           719             —       1,909
Adjusted operating expenses                                                                                   (840)          (79)         (101)      (1,020)
Other shareholder profit/(loss)                                                                                 (28)          59         (142)          (111)
Share of profit from joint ventures and associatesiii                                                            10             —            —           10
Adjusted operating profit/(loss) before tax                                                                    332          699          (243)          788
Short-term fluctuations in investment returns                                                                    58         620              —          678
Profit on disposal of businesses and corporate transactions                                                        —            —            —             —
Restructuring and other costsiv                                                                                 (51)         (22)            —          (73)
IFRS profit/(loss) before tax and non-controlling interests attributable
to equity holders from continuing operations                                                                   339         1,297         (243)        1,393
IFRS profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                             4             —            —             4
Profit/(loss) before tax attributable to equity holders from
continuing operations                                                                                          343         1,297         (243)        1,397

i    Of the fee-based revenues, £114m (2019: £110m) relates to revenues that Savings and Asset Management earned from the Heritage segment, and other
     presentational differences. These amounts are excluded from the analysis of fee income by segment in Note 5.
ii   The with-profits shareholder transfer is paid to the shareholder net of tax. The shareholder transfer amount is grossed up for tax purposes with regard
     to adjusted operating profit.
iii Excludes adjusted operating profit from joint ventures in the With-Profits Fund.
iv Restructuring and other costs excluded from adjusted operating profit relate solely to merger, transformation, rebranding and other change in control
   costs allocated to the shareholder. Additional restructuring costs are included in the analysis of administrative and other expenses in Note 6.

                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                          Savings                                       Total
                                                                                                        and Asset                   Corporate     continuing
                                                                                                      Management        Heritage       Centre     operations
                                                                                                              £m             £m           £m             £m
Fee-based revenuesi                                                                                           1,191           96             —        1,287
Annuity margin                                                                                                     —        458              —          458
With-profits shareholder transfer net of hedging gains/(losses)              ii
                                                                                                                 55          187             —          242
Adjusted operating income                                                                                    1,246           741             —        1,987
Adjusted operating expenses                                                                                    (817)         (87)          (59)        (963)
Other shareholder profit/(loss)                                                                                  30           98           (18)          110
Share of profit from joint ventures and associatesiii                                                            15             —            —            15
Adjusted operating profit/(loss) before tax                                                                    474           752           (77)       1,149
Short-term fluctuations in investment returns                                                                   (59)         357             —          298
Profit on disposal of businesses and corporate transactions                                                        —          53             —           53
Restructuring and other costsiv                                                                                 (52)         (98)          (48)        (198)
IFRS profit/(loss) before tax and non-controlling interests attributable to
equity holders from continuing operations                                                                      363         1,064          (125)       1,302
IFRS profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                             3             —            —             3
Profit/(loss) before tax attributable to equity holders from
continuing operations                                                                                          366         1,064          (125)       1,305




190 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
3 Segmental analysis continued
The Group has a widely diversified customer base. There are no customers whose revenue represents greater than 10% of fee-
based revenues.



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
Each reportable segment reports adjusted operating income as its measure of revenue. Fee-based revenues represents asset
management charges, transactional charges and annual management charges on unit-linked business. The annuity margin
reflects the margin earned on annuity business and includes net earned premiums, claims and benefits paid, net investment
return for assets backing the liabilities, net investment income for surplus assets backing the annuity capital, actuarial reserving
changes, investment management expenses and administrative expenses. The with-profits shareholder transfer reflects the
statutory transfer gross of attributable tax net of hedging gains or losses on cash flow hedges held to match those transfers.
Adjusted operating expenses includes shareholders operating expenses incurred outside of the annuity and with-profits
portfolios. Other shareholder profit/(loss) includes non-recurring costs, movements in provisions that are an expense to the
shareholder and shareholder investment return earned outside of the annuity portfolio. Share of profit from joint ventures and
associates represents the Group’s share of the profits of Prudential Portfolio Managers South Africa (PTY) Limited, which is


                                                                                                                                           Governance
accounted for under the equity method.

3.4 Reconciliation of adjusted operating income and expenses to total revenues and expenses as presented in the
consolidated income statement
The following tables provide a reconciliation of adjusted operating income and operating expenses, presented in the tables
above, to total revenue net of reinsurance and total charges net of reinsurance respectively, as presented in the consolidated
income statement:

                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2020                     2019




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
                                                                                          Income      Expense      Income       Expense
                                                                                              £m          £m           £m           £m
Adjusted operating income and operating expenses                                          1,909        (1,020)      1,987          (963)
Items presented as other shareholder profit/(loss)                                            63         (174)        139           (29)
Benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus
of the With-Profits Fund, net of reinsurance                                             10,764       (10,764)    26,493        (26,493)
Movements in third-party interests in consolidated funds                                    (109)        109        1,005        (1,005)
Annuities and With-Profits Fund administration expenses                                    1,331       (1,331)      1,603        (1,603)
Renewal commission                                                                           185         (185)        224          (224)
Share of profit from joint ventures and associates                                            10            —          15              —




                                                                                                                                           Other information
Tax charge attributable to policyholder returns                                             208             —        440               —
Short-term fluctuations in investment returns                                               678             —        298               —
Loss on disposal of business and corporate transactions                                        —            —          53              —
Restructuring and other costs                                                                  —          (73)          —          (198)
Other presentational items                                                                   177         (118)       (128)          113
IFRS total income and total/(expenses) from continuing operations                        15,216       (13,556)     32,129       (30,402)


Adjusted operating income and operating expenses exclude policyholder items which have an equal and opposite effect on
revenue and charges in the consolidated income statement, such as premiums, policyholder investment returns, benefits and
claims, movement in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund and movements in third-party interest in consolidated funds.
Other differences include presentational differences between reporting requirements and the determination of adjusted
operating income and operating expenses, including:
– Administrative expenses in the annuity and with-profits portfolio, which are netted against adjusted operating income in the
  analysis of Group adjusted operating profit before tax by segment;
– Revenues which are required to meet the tax charge or credit attributable to policyholder returns, which are not included in the
  analysis of Group adjusted operating profit before tax by segment.




                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 191
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




3 Segmental analysis continued
3.5 Total external revenue by geography
The following table provides a geographical segmentation of total earned premiums, net of reinsurance and other income
(includes fee income and other income), as presented in the consolidated income statement:

                                                                                                            For the year ended
                                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                                               2020         2019
                                                                                                                 £m          £m
UK:
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance                                                                          4,280       10,723
Other income                                                                                                    768           743
Total UK                                                                                                     5,048       11,466
Rest of the world:
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance                                                                            589          466
Other income                                                                                                   324            578
Total rest of the world                                                                                         913       1,044
Total:
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance                                                                          4,869       11,189
Other income                                                                                                  1,092       1,321
Total                                                                                                         5,961      12,510


The geographical analyses of revenues from long-term business are based on the territory of the operating unit assuming the
risk. Other income from external customers and clients in the Asset Management business is allocated based on customers and
clients domicile.

Total non-current, non-financial assets by geographical location
The following table provides a geographical segmentation of non-current, non-financial assets as presented in the consolidated
statement of financial position:

                                                                                                            For the year ended
                                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                                               2020         2019
                                                                                                                 £m          £m
UK                                                                                                          14,862       15,361
Rest of the world                                                                                            8,359        7,347
Total                                                                                                        23,221      22,708


Non-current, non-financial assets for this purpose consist of goodwill and intangible assets, deferred acquisition costs,
property, plant and equipment, investment property, and investment in joint ventures and associates accounted for using the
equity method.




192 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
4 Investment return
                                                                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                                                                    31 December




                                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                     2020          2019
                                                                                                                        Note           £m           £m
Interest income arising from:
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                4              8
Deposits with credit institutions                                                                                                       31         106
Loans i                                                                                                                               237          248
Debt securities                                                                                                                     2,159        2,497
                                                                                                                                    2,431        2,859
Dividend income                                                                                                                     1,679         2,119
Income from investment property:


                                                                                                                                                              Governance
Rental income                                                                                                              17         997        1,065
Net losses on investment property                                                                                          17        (752)        (859)
                                                                                                                                      245          206
Gains/(losses) on financial instruments at fair value through profit and loss arising from:
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                                                                        (533)       8,819
Loans                                                                                                                                  22          124
Debt securities                                                                                                                    4,092         4,240
Derivatives                                                                                                                         1,527        1,402




                                                                                                                                                              Financial information
                                                                                                                                    5,108       14,585
Net (impairment)/reversal of impairment on loans held at amortised cost                                                               (30)             18
Foreign exchange losses                                                                                                              (178)         (168)
Total investment return from continuing operations                                                                                 9,255        19,619

i   Interest arising on loans of £237m for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: £248m) comprises £127m (2019: £130m) arising on loans held at fair
    value through profit or loss and £110m (2019: £118m) arising on loans held at amortised cost.

5 Fee income
The following table disaggregates management fee revenue by segment:




                                                                                                                                                              Other information
                                                                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                                                     2020          2019
                                                                                                                                       £m           £m
Savings and Asset Management:
Management fees                                                                                                                       910         1,198
Rebates                                                                                                                               (34)             (45)
Total management fees, less rebates                                                                                                   876         1,153
Performance fees                                                                                                                       42              18
Investment contracts without discretionary participation features                                                                      32              30
Platform fees                                                                                                                           11               —
Other fees and commissions                                                                                                             55              60
Total Savings and Asset Management fee income                                                                                       1,016         1,261
Heritage:
Investment contracts without discretionary participation features                                                                       15             25
Total Heritage fee income                                                                                                               15             25
Total fee income from continuing operations                                                                                         1,031        1,286




                                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 193
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




6 Administrative and other expenses
                                                                                                                                 For the year ended
                                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                                                    2020          2019
                                                                                                                        Note          £m           £m
Staff and employment costsi                                                                                                          650          454
Acquisition costs incurred:
    Insurance contracts                                                                                                              145              183
    Other contracts                                                                                                                    27              21
Acquisition costs deferred:
    Insurance contracts                                                                                                   14          (11)            (15)
    Other contracts                                                                                                       14           (2)             (1)
Amortisation of deferred acquisition costs:
    Insurance contracts                                                                                                   14            7               7
    Other contracts                                                                                                       14            9              10
Impairment of deferred acquisition costs                                                                                  14            3               —
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                             16         109              97
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                                         13           19              11
Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets                                                                              13           16             23
Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                                               16          98                —
Restructuring costs                                                                                                                  148              201
Expenses under arrangements with reinsurers                                                                                             —             112
Interest expense                                                                                                                     153              154
Commission expense                                                                                                                   224          263
Investment management fees                                                                                                            191             221
Property-related costs                                                                                                               215              152
Other expenses                                                                                                                       733          983
Total administrative and other expenses from continuing operations                                                                 2,734        2,876

i   Staff and employment costs for the year ended 31 December 2019 include a benefit of £117m resulting from changes to the Group’s defined benefit
    pension schemes.

In addition to the interest expense shown above of £153m (2019: £154m), the interest expense incurred in respect of
subordinated liabilities for the year ended 31 December 2020 was £167m (2019: £28m). This is shown as finance costs in the
consolidated income statement. Total finance costs incurred for the year ended 31 December 2020 were £320m (2019: £182m).

7 Staff and employment costs
The average number of staff employed by the Group during the year was:
                                                                                                                                 For the year ended
                                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                                                    2020          2019
Average staff headcount of continuing operations                                                                                   6,683        6,528
Average staff headcount of discontinued operations                                                                                      —       2,341

The following table shows the staff costs and other employee-related costs for both continuing and discontinued operations:
                                                                                                                                 For the year ended
                                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                                                    2020          2019
                                                                                                                        Note          £m           £m
Wages and salaries                                                                                                                   620          592
Social security costs                                                                                                                  72             70
Share-based payments                                                                                                      39           51             26
Pension costs:
Defined benefit schemes                                                                                                   18          45          (101)
Defined contribution schemes                                                                                                           47              41
Total staff and employment costs                                                                                                     835          628



194 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
7 Staff and employment costs continued
Information in respect of Directors’ remuneration is provided in the Directors’ Remuneration Report on pages 109 to 145.




                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
The table below provides a breakdown of staff and employment costs charged within administrative and other expenses:

                                                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020         2019
                                                                                                                    £m          £m
Staff and employment costs                                                                                        650          454
Acquisition costs                                                                                                   77          83
Restructuring costs                                                                                                 48          35
Other expenses                                                                                                      60          56
Total staff and employment costs                                                                                  835          628



                                                                                                                                       Governance
8 Fees payable to the auditor
The following table shows the auditor remuneration aggregated for both continuing and discontinued operations.

                                                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020         2019
                                                                                                                    £m          £m
Fees payable to the Company’s auditor and its associates for other services:
Fees payable to the Company’s auditors for the audit of the Company’s individual and consolidated




                                                                                                                                       Financial information
financial statements                                                                                               2.0         2.0
Audit of subsidiaries pursuant to legislation                                                                      6.6          5.7
Audit-related assurance services                                                                                   2.6          1.2
Other assurance services                                                                                           0.6         0.5
All other services                                                                                                    —        0.2
Total fees payable to the auditor                                                                                 11.8         9.6

For more information on non-audit services, refer to the Audit Committee Report on pages 100 to 106.

Additional fees payable to the auditor




                                                                                                                                       Other information
Fees payable to the auditor disclosed above exclude audit and non-audit fees payable to the Group’s principal auditor by funds
managed by the Group, but which are not controlled by the Group, and therefore are not consolidated in the consolidated
financial statements.
For the year ended 31 December 2020, fees of £0.3m (2019: £0.3m) were incurred in relation to the audit of the Group’s defined
benefit pension schemes.
For the year ended 31 December 2019, fees paid on behalf of the Company by Prudential plc in relation to demerger were £9.9m.




                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 195
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




9 Tax
9.1 Tax charged to the consolidated income statement from continuing operations
                                                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                                        2020         2019
                                                                                                                          £m          £m
The total tax charge comprises:
Current tax
Current year                                                                                                            581          689
Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                       17       (171)
Total current tax                                                                                                       598          518
Deferred tax:
Origination and reversal of temporary differences in the year                                                           (123)        165
Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                       (12)          (3)
Total deferred tax                                                                                                      (135)        162
Total tax charge                                                                                                        463         680


The tax charge above, comprising current and deferred tax, can be analysed as follows:

                                                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                                        2020         2019
                                                                                                                          £m          £m
UK tax                                                                                                                  392         600
Overseas tax                                                                                                                71        80
Total tax charge                                                                                                        463         680


9.1.1 Allocation of profit before tax and tax charge between equity holders and policyholders
The profit before tax from continuing operations reflected in the consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December
2020 of £1,605m (2019: £1,745m) comprises profit attributable to equity holders and pre-tax profit attributable to policyholders
of unit-linked and with-profits funds and unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund. This is the formal measure of profit before
tax under IFRS but it is not the result attributable to equity holders. This is principally because the corporate taxes of the Group
include those on the income of consolidated with-profits and unit-linked funds that, through adjustments to benefits, are borne
by policyholders. These amounts are required to be included in the tax charge of the Group under IAS 12. Consequently, this
measure of profit before all taxes is not representative of pre-tax profits attributable to equity holders.
The tax charge attributable to policyholder returns is removed from the Group’s total profit before tax in arriving at the Group’s
profit before tax attributable to equity holders. As the net of tax profits attributable to policyholders is zero, the Group’s pre-tax
profit attributable to policyholders is an amount equal and opposite to the tax charge attributable to policyholders included in the
total tax charge.

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                                             2020                                    2019
                                                                 Equity                                 Equity
                                                                holders   Policyholders     Total      holders   Policyholders      Total
                                                                    £m              £m        £m           £m              £m        £m
Profit before tax from continuing operations                     1,397            208      1,605        1,305               440    1,745
Tax charge from continuing operations                            (255)           (208)      (463)        (240)          (440)       (680)
Profit after tax for the year from continuing operations         1,142               —     1,142        1,065                 —    1,065




196 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
9 Tax continued
9.1.2 Tax reconciliation




                                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                             Equity                                        Equity
                                                                            holders     Policyholders        Total        holders    Policyholders         Total
                                                                                £m                £m           £m             £m               £m           £m
Profit before tax from continuing operations                                  1,397              208        1,605          1,305              440        1,745
Tax charge based on the standard UK corporation tax rate
of 19% (2019: 19%)                                                              265               40          305            248                84         332
Impact of profits earned in jurisdictions with different
statutory rates to the UK                                                          1                 —           1              1                 —            1
(weighted average rate for equity holders is 19.0% (2019: 19.1%)
Recurring items


                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
Different basis of taxation – policyholders                                        —             150          150               —             507          507
Deductions not allowable for tax purposes                                        16                  —          16             14                 —          14
Effects of results of joint ventures and associatesi                              (2)                —          (2)            (3)                —          (3)
Income and gains not taxable or taxable at
concessionary ratesii                                                            (15)                —         (15)             —                 —           —
Changes in recognition of deferred tax and effect of
unrecognised tax losses                                                           (3)                —          (3)             —                 —           —
Other                                                                              —                 —           —              3                 —           3
Non-recurring items




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial information
Adjustments in relation to prior periods                                         (13)              18            5            (23)            (151)        (174)
Changes in local statutory tax rates or laws          iii
                                                                                   6                 —           6              —                 —           —
Tax charge from continuing operations                                           255              208          463            240              440          680

i    Profit before tax includes the Group’s share of profits after tax from the joint ventures and associates. Therefore, the actual tax charge does not include
     tax arising from profit or loss of joint ventures and associates and is reflected as a reconciling item.
ii   Pre-tax amounts recognised in the income statement are capital in nature for tax purposes and are non-taxable.
iii The standard rate of Corporation Tax in the UK was due to change from 19% to 17% with effect from 1 April 2020. Following the budget announcement
    on 11 March 2020, the repeal of the legislation to reduce the tax rate was substantively enacted on 17 March 2020. Accordingly, the reduction in tax rate
    did not take place and the corresponding UK deferred tax balances previously reflected at 17% were revalued to 19%.

The Group’s profits are taxed at different rates depending on the country or territory in which the profits arise. The key applicable



                                                                                                                                                                   Other information
tax rate for 2020 is the UK Corporation tax rate of 19% as the majority of the Group’s profits are earned and taxed in the UK.

9.1.3 Factors that may impact the future tax rate
The majority of the Group’s profits are generated in the UK. Taking into account recurring tax adjusting items, the underlying
effective tax rate for equity holders’ portion of profits is expected to be marginally higher than the statutory rate in the UK.

9.1.4 Use of accounting estimates and judgements
The calculation of the Group’s tax charge involves a degree of estimation and judgement. The two principal areas of judgement
that could impact the reported tax position are the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets and the level of
provisioning for uncertain tax positions.
The recognition of a deferred tax asset relies on an assessment of the probability of future taxable profits, future reversals of
existing taxable temporary differences and ongoing tax planning strategies.
The provisions for uncertain tax positions cover a wide range of issues, only a fraction of these are expected to be subject to
challenge by a tax authority at any point in time. The Group engages constructively and transparently with tax authorities with a
view to early resolution of uncertain tax matters. Estimated positions are based on the probability of potential challenge within
certain jurisdictions and the possible outcome based on relevant facts and circumstances. The judgements and estimates made
to recognise and measure the effect of uncertain tax positions are reassessed whenever circumstances change or when there is
new information that affects those judgements.
The Group does not consider there to be a significant risk of a material adjustment in the next financial year to the deferred and
current tax balances from either recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets or the level of provisioning for uncertain
tax positions.




                                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 197
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




9 Tax continued
9.1.5 Tax in respect of discontinued operations
                                                                                                                                    For the year ended
                                                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                                                       2020         2019
                                                                                                                           Note          £m          £m
Tax charge from discontinued operations                                                                                      10             —        30


9.1.6 Tax credited to other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                    For the year ended
                                                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                                                       2020         2019
                                                                                                                                         £m          £m
Actuarial losses on defined benefit pension schemes                                                                                      (23)        (31)
Total tax credit to other comprehensive income                                                                                           (23)        (31)


9.1.7 Tax credited to equity
                                                                                                                                    For the year ended
                                                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                                                       2020         2019
                                                                                                                                         £m          £m
Subordinated liabilities                                                                                                                  (8)       (101)
Share-based paymentsi                                                                                                                       —            (5)
Other short-term timing differences                                                                                                         —            2
Total tax credit to equity                                                                                                                (8)      (104)

i   Includes net £nil impact to equity from the transfer of £5m tax benefits on vested share schemes from other reserves to retained earnings.

9.2 Deferred tax
Deferred tax assets and liabilities
Under IAS 12, deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the
liability settled, based on tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or are substantively enacted at the end of the reporting
period. Deferred tax assets are recognised as recoverable only to the extent it is considered probable, based on all available
evidence, that there will be suitable taxable profits from which the future reversal of the underlying temporary differences can be
deducted or tax losses utilised. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are only offset when there is both a legal right to set-off and an
intention to settle on a net basis.




198 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
9 Tax continued
Deferred tax in the statement of financial position
The table below shows movements on deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year. The amounts are different from those



                                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
disclosed on the consolidated statement of financial position as the below amounts are presented before offsetting asset and
liability balances where there is a legal right to set-off and an intention to settle on a net basis.

                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                        Unrealised                     Other                                               Share-based
                                             gains/     Life tax short-term    Deferred Defined                 Tax losses   payments
                                        (losses) on transitional      timing acquisition benefit        Capital    carried and deferred
                                      investmentsi adjustmentsii differences      costsiii pensions allowances forwardiv compensation                   Total
                                                £m           £m          £m          £m         £m         £m          £m           £m                    £m
Assets                                            7              2           77            60          7            13         18              23        207
Liabilities                                (1,006)             (95)           (4)           (7)      (40)         (42)           —               —    (1,194)
As at 1 January 2020                          (999)            (93)          73            53        (33)         (29)         18              23       (987)

                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
Income statement                               119              25           23             (8)       (7)           (1)         (8)             (8)      135
Equity and other
comprehensive income                              —               —            8             —        23             —           —               —        31
Other movements/foreign
exchange                                          4               —            —             —          —            9           —               —        13
As at 31 December 2020                        (876)            (68)         104            45        (17)          (21)        10               15     (808)
Assets                                            7              2          115             51        13            13         10               15       226
Liabilities                                   (883)            (70)          (11)           (6)      (30)         (34)           —               —    (1,034)




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial information
As at 31 December 2020                        (876)            (68)         104            45        (17)          (21)        10               15     (808)

                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                          Unrealised                                                                              Share-based
                                               gains/     Life tax Other short-        Deferred Defined              Tax losses     payments
                                          (losses) on transitional term timing       acquisition    benefit  Capital    carried and deferred
                                        investments adjustmentsii differences
                                                     i
                                                                                          costs pensions allowances
                                                                                                iii
                                                                                                                       forward compensation
                                                                                                                               iv
                                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                  £m           £m          £m                £m        £m       £m          £m            £m             £m
Assets                                             3             3             5            70         9            11           —             22        123
Liabilities                                    (827)          (129)            (1)          (8)      (45)          (51)          —               —    (1,061)
As at 1 January 2019                           (824)          (126)            4            62       (36)         (40)           —             22       (938)
Income statement                                (176)           33             2            (9)      (28)            2         18               (4)     (162)



                                                                                                                                                                 Other information
Equity and other
comprehensive income                               —              —          67              —        31             —           —               5       103
Other movements/foreign
exchange                                           1              —            —             —          —            9           —               —        10
As at 31 December 2019                         (999)           (93)          73             53       (33)          (29)        18              23       (987)
Assets                                             7             2            77           60          7            13         18              23        207
Liabilities                                  (1,006)           (95)           (4)           (7)      (40)          (42)          —               —     (1,194)
As at 31 December 2019                         (999)           (93)          73             53       (33)          (29)        18              23       (987)

i    Deferred tax on unrealised gains/(losses) on investments primarily arises on two key components. The largest component relates to gains/(losses)
     on certain investments which are only taxed when realised, i.e. when an asset is sold. The second component relates to gains/(losses) on certain
     investments held by life insurance companies, which for UK corporation tax purposes are deemed to have been disposed of and immediately
     reacquired at market value at the end of each accounting period. Any gain/(loss) arising on the deemed disposal is required to be spread over a
     seven-year period.
ii   The UK Government made substantial changes to the rules relating to the taxation of life insurance companies which applied from 1 January 2013.
     A net deferred tax liability was recognised for the temporary difference that arose on the transition to the new regime. The deferred tax balances are
     scheduled to reverse by 31 December 2022.
iii The Group incurs various incremental, directly attributable acquisition costs in obtaining new contracts. For UK corporation tax purposes, acquisition
    expenses in respect of certain life insurance business is required to be spread over a seven-year period. A deferred tax asset was recognised for the
    expected future tax deductions.
iv The tax losses carried forward relate wholly to UK capital losses. Under UK law, capital losses can be carried forward indefinitely. A deferred tax asset
   has been recognised on a proportion of these carried forward losses as the Group considers it is probable that sufficient future UK capital gains will be
   available against which these losses can be utilised.




                                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 199
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




9 Tax continued
The deferred tax balances arise in the following parts of the Group:

                                                                                        Deferred tax assets        Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                            2020         2019           2020          2019
                                                                                              £m          £m              £m           £m
UK                                                                                            92          76           (700)          (824)
Overseas                                                                                      16              2         (216)         (241)
As at 31 December                                                                           108           78            (916)       (1,065)


9.2.1 Unrecognised deferred tax
Tax losses and temporary differences
At the end of the reporting period, the Group’s continuing operations have unused tax losses of £547m (2019: £542m) and
temporary differences of £49m (2019: £nil) for which no deferred tax asset is being recognised. The Group’s unused tax losses
primarily relate to capital losses in the UK of £539m (2019: £542m). No deferred tax asset is recognised on the unused tax losses
of £547m as it is considered not probable that future taxable UK capital gains or other appropriate profits will be available against
which they can be utilised. Under UK law, capital losses can be carried forward indefinitely. The Group’s temporary differences of
£49m primarily relates to capital allowances acquired as part of the Ascentric transaction during 2020. No deferred tax asset is
recognised on these amounts due to a potential restriction on the capital allowances only being available to offset against future
profits generated by the acquired group of entities’ existing trade for which it is not considered probable that future sufficient
taxable profits will be available.

Group investments in subsidiaries, branches and investments
Retained earnings of overseas subsidiaries are expected to be re-invested indefinitely or remitted to the UK free from
further taxation by virtue of parent company exemptions on dividends from subsidiaries and on capital gains on disposal.
Consequentially, the Group does not consider there to be any significant taxable temporary differences associated with
investments in subsidiaries, branches, associates and joint arrangements.

9.3 Current tax assets and liabilities
                                                                                         Current tax assets        Current tax liabilities
                                                                                            2020         2019           2020          2019
                                                                                              £m          £m              £m           £m
Corporation tax                                                                             389          364            (222)         (255)
Other taxes                                                                                   29              11         (54)          (43)
As at 31 December                                                                            418         375            (276)         (298)


Movements on corporation tax current tax assets and liabilities were as follows:

                                                                                                                    For the year ended
                                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                                                         £m            £m
Net corporation tax asset as at 1 January                                                                               109             15
Income statement – continuing operations                                                                               (598)          (518)
Reserves movement for the period                                                                                           –            32
Corporation tax paid                                                                                                    633           613
Other movements                                                                                                           23           (33)
Net corporation tax asset as at 31 December                                                                             167           109
Corporation tax assets                                                                                                  389           364
UK                                                                                                                      368           346
Overseas                                                                                                                  21            18
Corporation tax liabilities                                                                                            (222)         (255)
UK                                                                                                                     (208)         (242)
Overseas                                                                                                                 (14)          (13)
Net corporation tax asset as at 31 December                                                                             167           109




200 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
9 Tax continued

                                                                    Corporation tax assets                 Corporation tax liabilities




                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
                                                             As at 31 December   As at 31 December   As at 31 December     As at 31 December
                                                                          2020                2019                2020                  2019
                                                                            £m                 £m                   £m                   £m
Tax recoverable/(due) within 12 months                                    389                360                  (221)                  (249)
Tax recoverable/(due) after 12 months                                        —                  4                    (1)                   (6)
As at 31 December                                                         389                364                 (222)                   (255)


One of the Group’s subsidiaries, The Prudential Assurance Company Limited (PAC), is the lead litigant in a combined group action
against HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) concerning the correct historical tax treatment applying to dividends received from
overseas portfolio investments of its With-Profits Fund.
In February 2018, the Supreme Court heard HMRC’s appeal against the earlier Court of Appeal decision in PAC’s favour.


                                                                                                                                                 Governance
The decision of the Supreme Court released in July 2018 upheld the main point in dispute in PAC’s favour but reversed the
decisions of the lower courts on some practical points of how to apply that principle. The Supreme Court issued its order giving
effect to its decision in October 2019, stating any remaining issues of computation be remitted back to the High Court. PAC and
HMRC are working through the mechanics of implementing the Supreme Court decisions. This work, to date, has led to a
reduction in the estimate for policyholder tax credit recoverable during 2019 and the estimate of interest receivable. The position
remained unchanged during 2020. As at 31 December 2020, PAC has recognised a total policyholder tax credit of £122m
(2019: £122m) in respect of its claim against HMRC. Of this amount, £39m (2019: £39m) has been paid by HMRC leaving a tax
recoverable balance of £83m (2019: £83m) recorded as an amount of tax due from HMRC. PAC will be entitled to interest on the
tax repaid. It is expected the issue will be finalised in the first half of 2021 at which point PAC should receive full and final payment.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial information
9.4 Change in proposed corporation tax rate
On 3 March 2021, the UK Government announced a proposal to increase the rate of UK corporation tax from 19% to 25% with
effect from 1 April 2023. Changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and our effective
tax rate in the future. We expect that, in line with the rate increase proposed, there will be an increase to our effective tax rate for
periods from 2023 onwards. In addition, we expect a change to the carrying values of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, the
impact of which is not considered significant primarily due to the majority of the UK deferred tax balances being measured at a
policyholder rate of tax which is unaffected by the announcement.

10 Discontinued operations
There are no discontinued operations for the year ended 31 December 2020.




                                                                                                                                                 Other information
On 14 June 2019, Prudential Holborn Life Limited, a subsidiary of PAC, sold Prudential Vietnam Finance Company Limited to
Shinhan Card Co. Ltd. Prudential Vietnam Finance Company Limited along with Prudential Hong Kong Limited and Prudential
General Insurance Hong Kong Limited were considered a separate geographical area of operations from a management
perspective as they represented the insurance business undertaken as part of the Prudential plc group in Asia prior to their sale.
On 20 September 2019, Prudential plc sold its investment in Prudential Capital Holdings Company Limited to the Company.
As detailed in the basis of preparation in Note 1.5.23, merger accounting principles were applied to this acquisition such that
the results and assets and liabilities of this entity were combined within the Group from its initial formation on 1 January 2018.
The operations of Prudential Capital Holdings Limited prior to 20 September 2019 included the provision of certain treasury
services to Prudential plc and its subsidiaries which do not relate to the ongoing operations of the Group.
All of these transactions were part of a single co-ordinated plan to demerge the M&G plc business from Prudential plc.
Accordingly, profit or loss from the Asian insurance entities and the Prudential plc related corporate treasury activities were
presented as discontinued operations in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in the period to 31 December
2019 up until the point of sale/cessation of activities.




                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 201
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




10 Discontinued operations continued

                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                               2019
    Statement of consolidated comprehensive income from discontinued operations                 £m
Investment return and other income                                                               60
Total revenue, net of reinsurance from discontinued operations                                   60
Administrative expenses and other expenses                                                      (27)
Total charges, net of reinsurance from discontinued operations                                  (27)
Gain on disposal of subsidiariesi                                                                55
Profit before tax attributable to equity holders from discontinued operations                    88
Total tax credit from discontinued operations                                                   (30)
Tax charge attributable to equity holders                                                       (30)
Total comprehensive income from discontinued operations                                          58

i     This represents the Group’s gain on disposal of these subsidiaries.

                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                               2019
    Cash flows                                                                                  £m
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                    (2,455)
Net cash flows from financing activities                                                          (5)
Net cash flows from investing activities                                                         (17)
Total net cash flows from discontinued operations                                            (2,477)


The following table illustrates the cash flows on disposal of subsidiaries:

                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                               2019
    Cash flows on disposal of subsidiaries                                                      £m
Loans                                                                                           188
Cash                                                                                             17
Other assets                                                                                     20
Total assets                                                                                   225
Current tax liabilities                                                                           (1)
Provisions and other liabilities                                                               (164)
Total liabilities                                                                              (165)
Net assets disposed                                                                              60
Gain on sale                                                                                     55
Total cash consideration (net of transaction costs)                                             115
Cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                               (17)
Cash inflow from disposal of subsidiaries                                                        98




202 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
11 Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 44.4p (2019: 43.1p) and diluted earnings per share was
44.0p (2019: 43.0p). Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average ordinary shares in issue after deducting treasury



                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
shares and shares held by the employee benefit trust. Diluted EPS is based on the potential future shares in issue resulting
from exercise of options under the various share-based payment schemes in addition to the weighted average ordinary shares
in issue.
The following table shows details of basic and diluted earnings per share:

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                                        2020                                             2019
                                                         Continuing Discontinued                         Continuing   Discontinued
                                                         operations   operations            Total        operations     operations         Total
                                                                £m           £m               £m                £m              £m          £m
Profit attributable to equity holders of M&G plc              1,138                 —      1,138             1,062              58        1,120


                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                                                                                                                          For the year ended
                                                                                                                            31 December
                                                                                                                            2020           2019
                                                                                                                          Millions      Millions
Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding                                                                     2,563         2,597
Dilutive effect of share options and awards                                                                                     24             4
Weighted average number of diluted ordinary shares outstanding                                                             2,587         2,601




                                                                                                                                                   Financial information
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                                             2020                                        2019
                                                           Continuing Discontinued                       Continuing Discontinued
                                                           operations   operations           Total       operations   operations           Total
                                                            Pence per    Pence per       Pence per        Pence per    Pence per      Pence per
                                                                share        share          share             share        share          share
Basic earnings per share                                        44.4                 —       44.4             40.9              2.2        43.1
Diluted earnings per share                                      44.0                 —       44.0             40.8              2.2       43.0


12 Dividends
12.1 Dividends



                                                                                                                                                   Other information
                                                                                           For the year ended             For the year ended
                                                                                           31 December 2020               31 December 2019
                                                                                          Pence per                     Pence per
                                                                                             share              £m          share           £m
Dividends relating to reporting period:
First interim dividend – Ordinary                                                             6.00             152               —             —
Second interim dividend – Ordinary                                                           12.23             310          11.92          310
Interim dividends – Special dividends                                                                –            —          3.85          100
Total                                                                                                          462                         410
Dividends paid in reporting period:
Prior year’s interim dividend – Ordinary                                                      11.92            310               –             –
Prior year’s interim dividend – Special dividends                                             3.85             100               –             –
First interim dividend – Ordinary                                                             6.00             152               –             –
Total                                                                                                          562                             –


Subsequent to 31 December 2020, the Board has declared a second interim dividend for 2020 of 12.23 pence per ordinary share
and, an estimated £310m in total. The dividend is expected to be paid on 28 April 2021 and will be recorded as an appropriation of
retained earnings in the Company financial statements at the time that it is paid.

12.2 Transactions with equity holders
For the year ended 31 December 2019, dividends included amounts paid to Prudential plc by M&G plc post incorporation on
2 July 2018 up to the date of demerger of £1,392m, of which, £849m were non-cash in specie dividends and £543m in cash.
A final dividend was paid to Prudential plc prior to demerger on 18 October 2019 of £2,968m.
Prudential Capital Holdings Company Limited was transferred on 20 September 2019 from Prudential plc, and paid a £5m
dividend prior to this.


                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 203
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




13 Goodwill and intangible assets

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December
                                                                              2020                                    2019
                                                                               Other                                 Other
                                                                 Goodwill Intangibles        Total     Goodwill Intangibles          Total
                                                                     £m           £m           £m          £m           £m            £m
Cost
At 1 January                                                       1,368         174        1,542        1,360            155       1,515
Transfer to held for sale                                              (11)           —        (11)           —               —             —
Additions                                                               21       80           101            10              40        50
Disposals and transfers                                                 (6)          (4)      (10)            —           (16)         (16)
Foreign exchange differences                                             3           5          8            (2)             (5)           (7)
At 31 December                                                     1,375        255         1,630         1,368           174       1,542
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
At 1 January                                                            (5)      (98)        (103)           (5)          (64)        (69)
Amortisation                                                             —       (19)          (19)           —              (11)      (11)
Impairment                                                             (15)          (1)       (16)           —           (23)        (23)
Disposals and transfers                                                  —           3          3             —               —             —
Foreign exchange differences                                             —            —          —            —               —             —
At 31 December                                                         (20)     (115)        (135)           (5)          (98)       (103)
Net book amount                                                    1,355        140         1,495         1,363              76     1,439

                                                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                                         2020         2019
                                                                                                                           £m          £m
Goodwill comprises:
Arising on acquisition of M&G Group Limited                                                                             1,153        1,153
Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries held by the With-Profits Fund                                                      181         210
Arising on acquisition of Wrap IFA Services Limited                                                                          21             —
                                                                                                                       1,355        1,363


13.1 Impairment assessment
Goodwill does not generate cash flows independently of other groups of assets and thus is assigned to a group of cash-
generating units for the purposes of impairment testing. The group of cash-generating units are based upon how management
monitors the business and represent the lowest level to which goodwill can be allocated on a reasonable basis.
Goodwill is tested annually for impairment, and where there is an indication of impairment, by comparing the carrying amount
of the group of cash-generating units, including any goodwill, with its recoverable amount.

Group of cash-generating units comprising M&G Group Limited
The carrying value of the goodwill, arising on the acquisition of M&G Group Limited, relates to the Retail Asset Management,
Institutional Asset Management and Internal Asset Management cash-generating units, which is part of the Savings and Asset
Management segment. An impairment assessment was undertaken in respect of goodwill as at 30 June 2020, based on which
no impairment charge was recognised. Subsequently, the continued adverse impacts of COVID-19 on the global economy and
the resulting decline in projected assets under management were considered an impairment indicator by management, and
therefore, another impairment assessment was undertaken as at 31 December 2020 which also resulted in no impairment
charge being recognised.
The recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units was determined by calculating the value in use. The value in
use represents the present value of future cash flows based on five-year forecasts, approved by management, and cash flow
projections for later years.
Based on the assessment, the value in use of the group of cash-generating units was higher than the carrying value and no
impairment has been recognised as at 31 December 2020 in respect of goodwill arising on the acquisition of M&G Group Limited.
The value in use is particularly sensitive to a number of key assumptions as follows:
– The set of economic, market and business assumptions used to derive the five-year forecasts. The direct and secondary
  effects of recent developments, such as changes in global equity markets and trends in fund flows, are considered by
  management in arriving at the expectations for the final projections for the forecast.


204 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
13 Goodwill and intangible assets continued
– The assumed growth rate on forecast cash flows beyond the terminal year of the plan after considering expected future and
  past growth rates. As at 31 December 2020, a growth rate of 2.0% (2019: 2.0%) was used to extrapolate beyond the forecast



                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
  period. A 1% reduction in the assumed growth rate would result in the value in use decreasing by £287m. This would not result
  in any impairment charge being recorded for goodwill.
– The pre-tax discount rate as at 31 December 2020 was 14% (2019: 13%) is based on the cost of equity for the asset
  management business derived using the Capital Asset Pricing Model and adjusted for forecasting risk. A 1% increase in the
  discount rate would result in the value in use decreasing by £135m. This would not result in any impairment charge being
  recorded for goodwill.
– That asset management contracts continue on similar terms.

Acquisition of subsidiaries held by the With-Profits Fund
Goodwill arising on acquisition of subsidiaries relates to acquisitions made within consolidated infrastructure private equity
vehicles which are held by the With-Profits Fund. Management have undertaken an impairment assessment by comparing the


                                                                                                                                                Governance
fair value of the subsidiaries with their carrying value. As a result of the assessment, an impairment of £15m (2019: nil) has been
recognised in respect of one of the investments.

13.2 Intangible assets
Intangible assets comprise insurance contracts and customer relationships acquired through business combinations, software,
service concessions, royalties and licences.

14 Deferred acquisition costs
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December




                                                                                                                                                Financial information
                                                                              2020                                     2019
                                                                Insurance       Other                  Insurance         Other
                                                                contracts    contracts       Total      contracts     contracts      Total
                                                                      £m           £m          £m             £m            £m        £m
At 1 January                                                           57            47       104            49               56      105
Additions                                                              11            2         13             15               1       16
Amortisation to the income statement                                   (7)           (9)       (16)           (7)          (10)        (17)
Impairment                                                             (2)           (1)        (3)            —               —            —
At 31 December                                                         59          39          98             57              47      104




                                                                                                                                                Other information
15 Investments in joint ventures and associates
15.1 Investments in joint ventures and associates accounted for using the equity method
                                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                                         2020         2019
                                                                                                                           £m          £m
Investment in joint ventures                                                                                              421         486
Investment in associates                                                                                                      35       38
Investments in joint ventures and associates accounted for using the equity method                                        456         524

                                                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                                         2020         2019
                                                                                                                           £m          £m
Share of (loss)/profit from joint ventures                                                                                 (61)            3
Share of profit from associates                                                                                               6            15
Share of (loss)/profit from joint ventures and associates accounted for using the equity method                            (55)        18


There is no share of other comprehensive income from joint ventures or associates.

15.1.1 Investment in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method
All of the Group’s investments in joint ventures which are accounted for using the equity method are property vehicles held in
the With-Profits Fund. The results of the Group’s joint ventures are reflected in the movement in the unallocated surplus of the
With-Profits Fund and therefore do not affect shareholders’ results.
No joint ventures are considered to be material individually or in aggregate to the Group for the years ended 31 December 2020
and 31 December 2019. None of the Group’s joint ventures are listed and financial information of these investments covering the
same reporting period as that of the Group has been used for accounting for these investments using the equity method.

                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 205
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




15 Investments in joint ventures and associates continued
15.1.2 Investment in associates accounted for using the equity method
The Group has investments in associates which are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial
statements. All of the Group’s associates which are accounted for using the equity method are held by the shareholder-backed
business. No associates are considered to be material individually or in aggregate to the Group for the years ended 31 December
2020 and 31 December 2019. None of the Group’s equity-accounted associates are listed, and the reporting date and reporting
period of the Group’s associates accounted for using the equity method are the same as the Group.

15.2 Interests in associates accounted for at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
The Group has investments in OEICs, unit trusts, funds holding collateralised debt obligations, property unit trusts and venture
capital investments of the With-Profits Fund where the Group has significant influence. These investments are accounted for on
a FVTPL basis and are included within equity securities and pooled investment funds in the consolidated statement of financial
position. None of the associates accounted for at FVTPL are considered individually material to the Group for the years ended
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.
The aggregate fair value of associates accounted for at FVTPL was £620m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £764m).

16 Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment comprises right of use assets, properties and land occupied by the Group and other tangible
assets. A reconciliation of the carrying amount of these items from the beginning to the end of the year is as follows:

                                                                           For the year ended 31 December
                                                              2020                                                2019
                                                          Group         Other                                 Group         Other
                                         Right of use   occupied     tangible               Right of use    occupied     tangible
                                              assets    property       assets      Total         assets     property       assets    Total
                                                  £m         £m           £m         £m              £m          £m           £m      £m
Cost
At 1 January                                    300         113        1,411      1,824            298           59        1,193    1,550
Transfer to held for sale                         (1)        (2)        (118)      (121)              —            —           —        —
Additions                                        26          39         782         847              51          49         344      444
Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries             —          —            1           1              —           11           8       19
Disposals and transfers                          (32)         —         (138)      (170)            (49)           —        (113)    (162)
Foreign exchange differences                      (1)         9          30          38               —           (6)        (21)     (27)
At 31 December                                  292         159       1,968       2,419           300           113        1,411    1,824
Accumulated depreciation and
impairment
At 1 January                                     (33)       (15)        (271)      (319)            (17)          (6)      (260)    (283)
Transfer to held for sale                          1          —          54          55               —            —           —        —
Depreciation charge for the year                 (26)        (3)         (80)      (109)            (16)        (10)         (71)     (97)
Impairment                                        (3)         —          (95)       (98)              —            —           —        —
Disposals and transfers                            8          —          118        126               —            —         54       54
Foreign exchange differences                       1          (1)         (8)         (8)             —            1           6        7
At 31 December                                   (52)       (19)       (282)       (353)            (33)         (15)       (271)    (319)
Net book amount                                 240         140       1,686      2,066             267           98        1,140    1,505


16.1 Right of use assets
The Group recognises right of use assets for leases of land and buildings which are used as office space across various locations.
Some leases include lease break options that are exercisable at the option of the Group. As at 31 December 2020, £27m
(2019: £32m) of right of use assets were held by the With-Profits Fund.

16.2 Other tangible assets
As at 31 December 2020, £1,558m (2019: £992m) of other tangible assets were held by the With-Profits Fund, of which £218m
(2019: £382m) are assets under construction. The other tangible assets within the With-Profits Fund are held by the Group’s
infrastructure capital private equity vehicles.
During the year, £95m (2019: nil) of impairment was recognised in respect of tangible assets held by the Group’s infrastructure
capital private equity vehicles.




206 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
17 Investment property
Investment property is primarily held by the With-Profits Fund and is carried at fair value. A reconciliation of the carrying amount
of investment property from the beginning of the year to the end of the year is set out below:



                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
                                                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                                     2020         2019
                                                                                                                       £m          £m
At 1 January                                                                                                       19,136     18,003
Transfer to held for sale                                                                                            (105)       (149)
Additions:
  Resulting from property acquisitions                                                                                722       1,888
  Resulting from expenditure capitalised                                                                              152         445
Disposals                                                                                                            (281)       (224)


                                                                                                                                          Governance
Net fair value losses                                                                                                (752)       (859)
Foreign exchange differences                                                                                         234           32
At 31 December                                                                                                    19,106       19,136


For the year ended 31 December 2020, rental income from investment property was £997m (2019: £1,065m). Direct operating
expenses, including repairs and maintenance arising from these properties for the year ended 31 December 2020 were £99m
(2019: £60m).
The Group’s policy is to let investment property to tenants through operating leases. The leases typically include clauses to




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
enable periodic rent reviews according to prevailing market conditions. In some agreements, the rents might be variable and
linked to an index. Certain leases contain options to break before the end of the lease term by either party.
Minimum future rental income to be received on non-cancellable leases of the Group’s freehold investment property are
receivable in the following periods:

                                                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                                     2020         2019
                                                                                                                       £m          £m
Less than 1 year                                                                                                     346          356
1 to 5 years                                                                                                       1,086        1,216




                                                                                                                                          Other information
Over 5 years                                                                                                       2,052        2,435
Total minimum future rental income                                                                                 3,484        4,007


The total minimum future rental income receivable on non-cancellable leases of the Group’s leasehold investment property as at
31 December 2020 is £1,170m (2019: £1,437m).

18 Defined benefit pension schemes
18.1 Background and summary economic and IAS 19 financial positions
The Group operates three defined benefit pension schemes, which historically have been funded by the Group and Prudential
plc. The largest defined benefit scheme as at 31 December 2020 is the Prudential Staff Pension Scheme (PSPS), which accounts
for 81% (2019: 82%) of the present value of the defined benefit pension obligation.
The Group also operates two smaller defined benefit pension schemes that were originally established by the M&G Group
Limited (M&GGPS) and Scottish Amicable (SASPS) businesses.
Under IAS 19: Employee Benefits and IFRIC 14: IAS 19 – The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum Funding Requirements
and their Interaction, the Group can only recognise a surplus to the extent that it is able to access the surplus either through an
unconditional right of refund or through reduced future contributions relating to ongoing service of active members. The Group
has no unconditional right of refund to any surplus in PSPS. Accordingly, PSPS’s net economic pension surplus is restricted up
to the present value of the Group’s economic benefit, which is calculated as the difference between the estimated future cost of
service for active members and the estimated future ongoing contributions. In contrast, the Group is able to access the surplus of
SASPS and M&GGPS through an unconditional right of refund. Therefore, the surplus resulting from the schemes (if any) would
be recognised in full. As at 31 December 2020, the SASPS and M&GGPS schemes are in deficit based on the IAS 19 valuation.
Until 30 June 2019, the PSPS net economic pension surplus was attributed 70% to the With-Profits Fund and 30% to Prudential plc
which is now external to the Group. On 30 June 2019, in preparation for demerger, the 30% attributable to Prudential plc was formally
reallocated to the Group’s shareholders, and the full value of the scheme surplus allowable under IFRIC 14 was attributed to the Group
from this date. This resulted in an incremental pension surplus of £15m recognised on the consolidated statement of financial position
of the Group, with the corresponding gain recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income during 2019.

                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 207
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




18 Defined benefit pension schemes continued
The IAS 19 net surplus/deficit for M&GGPS is lower than its net economic surplus/deficit position, as the pension scheme has
investments in insurance policies issued by Prudential Pensions Limited, a subsidiary of the Group, through which it invests in
certain pooled funds. Under IAS 19, insurance policies issued by a related party do not qualify as plan assets. The SASPS net
economic pension deficit is attributed 40% to the With-Profits Fund and 60% to the Group’s shareholders.

18.1.1 Changes to scheme rules
In January 2019, following consultation, the Group reached agreement that pensionable salary increases for the members of all
the three defined benefit schemes who earn in excess of £35,000 would be capped after 30 September 2019. Pension benefits
still relate to how many years employees have been active scheme members, as they did previously, as long as the employees
remain working for the Group.
The pension scheme valuations for the schemes incorporate the effect of these changes in scheme rules, and the impact
was included as a past service credit within the income statement in 2019 in line with the requirements of Plan Amendment,
Curtailment or Settlement – Amendments to IAS 19.
The pension assets and liabilities for the defined benefit pension schemes are as follows:

                                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                                            PSPS       SASPS       M&GGPS              Total
                                                                                                              £m          £m           £m                £m
Fair value of plan assets                                                                                  7,884          967           742       9,593
Present value of defined benefit obligation                                                               (7,109)      (1,073)        (605)       (8,787)
Effect of restriction on surplus                                                                            (717)             —            —           (717)
Net economic pension surplus/(deficit)i                                                                       58         (106)          137             89
Eliminate group issued insurance policies                                                                       —             —        (201)          (201)
Net total pension surplus/(deficit)                                                                           58         (106)          (64)           (112)

                                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                                            PSPS       SASPS       M&GGPS              Total
                                                                                                              £m          £m           £m                £m
Attributable to:
Shareholder‑backed business                                                                                    17          (64)         (64)           (111)
With-Profits Fund                                                                                              41          (42)            —             (1)
Net total pension surplus/(deficit)                                                                           58         (106)          (64)           (112)

                                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                            PSPS        SASPS      M&GGPS              Total
                                                                                                              £m           £m          £m               £m
Fair value of plan assets                                                                                  7,447          867          663            8,977
Present value of defined benefit obligation                                                               (6,520)        (895)         (489)      (7,904)
Effect of restriction on surplus                                                                            (887)             —            —          (887)
Net economic pension surplus/(deficit)i                                                                       40           (28)         174            186
Eliminate group issued insurance policies                                                                       —             —        (137)           (137)
Net pension surplus/(deficit) attributable to the Group                                                       40           (28)          37             49

                                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                            PSPS        SASPS      M&GGPS              Total
                                                                                                              £m           £m          £m               £m
Attributable to:
Shareholder‑backed business                                                                                    12           (17)         37              32
With‑Profits Fund                                                                                             28            (11)           —             17
Net total pension surplus/(deficit)                                                                           40           (28)          37             49

i   The economic basis reflects the position of the defined benefit schemes from the perspective of the pension schemes, adjusted for the effect of
    IFRIC 14 for the derecognition of PSPS’s unrecognisable surplus and before adjusting for any non-qualifying assets.




208 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
18 Defined benefit pension schemes continued
18.1.2 Triennial actuarial valuations
A full actuarial valuation is required for defined benefit pension schemes every three years in order to assess the appropriate



                                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
level of funding for schemes in relation to their commitments. These valuations include assessments of the likely rate of return on
the assets held within the separate trustee administered funds. The actuarial valuation differs from the IAS 19 accounting basis
valuation in a number of respects, including the discount rate assumption where IAS 19 prescribes a rate based on high-quality
corporate bonds while a more prudent assumption is typically used for the actuarial valuation.
Summary information on the latest completed actuarial valuation for each of the schemes, as at 31 December 2020, is shown in
the table below.

                                                                     PSPS                                  SASPS                             M&GGPS
Last completed actuarial                                     5 April 2017                         31 March 2017                     31 December 2017
valuation datei
Funding level at the                                                105%                                     75%                               120%

                                                                                                                                                        Governance
last valuation
Deficit funding arrangement               No deficit funding required             Deficit funding of £26m per            No deficit funding required
agreed with the Trustees                                                         annum from 1 April 2017 until
based on the last completed                                                         31 March 2027, or earlier if
valuation                                                                          the scheme’s funding level
                                                                                  reaches 100% before date.
                                                                                    The deficit funding will be
                                                                                reviewed every three years at
                                                                                       subsequent valuations




                                                                                                                                                        Financial information
Current level of employer                    Are at the minimum level                      Approximately £6m                       Approximately £4m
contributions for active                  required under the scheme                               per annum                               per annum
members                                   rules (approximately £2.5m
                                                          per annum)
Contributions to cover                             Approximately £5m                        Approximately £1m                     Approximately £1.5m
ongoing administration                                    per annum                                per annum                              per annum
and other expenses

i   The next triennial valuations for PSPS and SASPS are underway and are expected to conclude in the first six months of 2021.

The contributions detailed above broadly represent the Group’s current expectation of amounts that will be paid to each
respective plan in the next annual reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                        Other information
18.1.3 Risks to which the defined benefit schemes expose the Group
The plans are subject to the statutory funding objective requirements of the Pensions Act 2004, which require that plans be
funded to at least the level of their technical provisions (an actuarial estimate of the assets needed to provide for the benefits
already built up under the plan). Where there is a deficit, the employers of the schemes would agree a deficit recovery plan.
Accordingly, the pension schemes expose the Group to a number of risks, the most significant of which are interest rate risk,
equity risk, inflation risk, credit risk and mortality risk.

18.1.4 Corporate governance
The Group’s pension schemes are established under trust and are subject to UK legal requirements; this includes being subject
to regulation by the Pensions Regulator in accordance with the Pensions Act 2004. Each scheme has a corporate trustee to
which some directors are appointed by Group employers with the remaining directors nominated by members in accordance with
UK legal requirements. The Trustees have the ultimate responsibility to ensure that each scheme is managed in accordance with
its Trust Deed and Rules. The Trustees act in the best interests of the schemes’ beneficiaries; this includes taking appropriate
account of each employer’s legal obligation and financial ability to support the schemes when setting investment strategy and
when agreeing funding with the employers. The employers’ contribution commitments are formally updated at each triennial
valuation; between valuations funding levels and employer strength continue to be monitored, with the Trustees being able to
bring forward the next triennial valuation if they consider it appropriate to do so.
All of the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes are final salary schemes, which are closed to new entrants. The pensionable
salaries for most members are capped at the levels as at 30 September 2019. The Trustee of each scheme sets the general
investment policy and specifies any restrictions on types of investment and the degrees of divergence permitted from the
benchmark, but delegates the responsibility for selection and realisation of specific investments to the investment managers.
The Trustees consult with the principal employer for each scheme on the investment principles, but the ultimate responsibility
for the investment of the assets of the schemes lies with the trustees.




                                                                                                        M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 209
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




18 Defined benefit pension schemes continued
The Trustees of each of the schemes manage the investment strategy of the scheme to achieve an acceptable balance between
investing in the assets that most closely match the expected benefit payments and assets that are expected to achieve a greater
return in the hope of reducing the contributions required or providing additional benefits to members. For all three schemes, and
especially PSPS and SASPS, a significant portion of the scheme assets are invested in liability matching assets such as bonds
and gilts, including index-linked gilts, to partially hedge against inflation. In addition, the schemes maintain portfolios of interest
rate and inflation swaps to match more closely the duration and inflation profiles of their assets to their liabilities.
All three schemes have invested in a mix of both return-seeking assets, such as equities and property, and matching assets,
including leveraged liability-driven investment portfolios to reflect the liability profile of the scheme. They manage the risks of the
return-seeking exposure by investing in a diversified mix of investments.
During 2020, PSPS entered into a longevity swap transaction with Pacific Life Re Limited. This arrangement provides long-term
protection for PSPS against costs that could result from unexpected increases in life expectancy relating to the pensions that
were in payment on 6 April 2019, excluding any future discretionary increases. As at 31 December 2020, the longevity swap
covered £3.1bn of current pensioner scheme liabilities, on an IAS 19 basis.

18.2 Assumptions
18.2.1 Demographic assumptions
Post-retirement mortality
The calculation of the defined benefit obligation for the Group’s schemes requires assumptions to be set for both current
mortality and the allowance for future mortality improvements. The table below sets out the mortality tables and mortality
improvement model used for the Group’s schemes, along with the associated life expectancies.

                                                                                                            Expectation of life from retirement at aged 60
                                              Mortality tables                    Mortality                  Male         Male        Female       Female
                                              (with scaling factors               improvements           currently    currently     currently    currently
    As at                     Scheme          applied to reflect experience)      modeli                  aged 60      aged 40       aged 60      aged 40
31 December 2020              PSPS            S2PMA/S2PFA for                     CMI 2018                    27.3         29.5         28.6         30.6
                                              males/females
                              SASPS           S1PMA/S1PFA for                     CMI 2018                    27.1         29.4         30.4         32.3
                                              males/females
                              M&GGPS          SAPS2 Light                         CMI 2018                   28.8         30.8          30.3         32.2
31 December 2019              PSPS            S2PMA/S2PFA for                     CMI 2017                    27.3         29.5         28.5         30.4
                                              males/females
                              SASPS           S1PMA/S1PFA for                     CMI 2017                    27.1         29.4         30.3         32.2
                                              males/females
                              M&GGPS          SAPS2 Light                         CMI 2017                   28.8          30.8         30.2         32.0

i     The mortality assumptions are adjusted to make allowance for future improvements in longevity. As at 31 December 2020, this allowance was based
      on the CMI 2018 mortality improvements model with improvement factors of 1.75% for males (Sk = 7.75) and 1.50% for females (Sk = 8.25) (2019: this
      allowance was based on the CMI 2017 model with improvement factors of 1.75% for males (Sk = 7.5) and 1.50% for females (Sk = 7.75)).

Withdrawal assumptions for changes in scheme rules
As a result of the changes in scheme rules during 2019, an update was made to the withdrawal assumptions used for the pension
scheme valuation to reflect the expected increase in opt-outs (withdrawals) from the schemes. The effect of this assumption
change was reflected within gain/(loss) on remeasurement of defined benefit pension asset in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income in 2019.




210 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
18 Defined benefit pension schemes continued
18.2.2 Economic assumptions
The actuarial assumptions used in determining defined benefit obligations and the net periodic benefit costs for each of the



                                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
Group’s defined benefit pension schemes are as follows:

                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2020                                      2019
                                                                                PSPS       SASPS       M&GGPS             PSPS        SASPS      M&GGPS
Discount rate    i
                                                                                1.2%         1.3%         1.3%            2.1%          2.1%         2.1%
Salary inflationii                                                             3.0%         2.9%          2.9%            3.1%         3.0%         3.0%
Retail Prices Index (RPI)                                                      3.0%         2.9%          2.9%            3.1%         3.0%         3.0%
Consumer Prices Index (CPI)                                                    2.2%          2.1%          2.1%           2.1%         2.0%         2.0%
Rate of increase of pensions in payment for inflationiii


                                                                                                                                                             Governance
CPI (maximum 5%)iv                                                             2.5%            n/a          n/a           2.5%           n/a           n/a
CPI (maximum 2.5%)iv                                                           2.5%            n/a          n/a           2.5%           n/a           n/a
Discretionary    iv
                                                                               2.5%            n/a          n/a           2.5%           n/a           n/a
RPI (maximum 5%)                                                                 n/a        2.9%          2.9%              n/a        3.0%         3.0%
RPI (maximum 2.5%)                                                               n/a         2.5%         2.5%              n/a        2.5%         2.5%

i    The discount rate has been determined by reference to an AA corporate bond index, adjusted where applicable to allow for the difference in duration
     between the index and the pension liabilities.
ii   Due to the scheme changes during 2019, the pensionable salary used to determine scheme benefits was frozen at the 30 September 2019 levels for




                                                                                                                                                             Financial information
     most members.
iii The rate of inflation used reflects the long-term assumption for UK RPI or CPI, depending on the particular tranche of scheme benefits, with caps and
    floors applied in accordance with the scheme rules.
iv Certain tranches of scheme benefits within PSPS have statutory pension increases in line with the higher of CPI up to a maximum level, or a
   discretionary level determined by the employer. Other tranches are not guaranteed and determined by the employer on a discretionary basis.

18.2.3 Other assumptions
In October 2018, the High Court ruled that pension schemes are required to equalise benefits for the effect of guaranteed
minimum pensions (GMPs). GMPs are a minimum benefit that schemes that were contracted-out on a salary-related basis
between 1978 and 1997 are required to provide. There was a further Court ruling in November 2020 which required benefits
in respect of past transfers out of the schemes to also be equalised. In light of these Court rulings, at 31 December 2020 and
31 December 2019, the Group has recognised an estimated allowance for GMP equalisation within the IAS 19 valuation for all




                                                                                                                                                             Other information
the UK schemes – comprising £48m for PSPS, £21m for SASPS, and £6m for M&GGPS as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £32m
for PSPS, £18m for SASPS and £5m for M&GGPS).
The incremental provision established in respect of the November 2020 Court ruling has been reflected as a past service cost
for the year ended 31 December 2020.

18.2.4 Sensitivity of the pension scheme liabilities to key variables
The sensitivity information below is based on the core scheme liabilities and assumptions at the balance sheet date.
The sensitivities are calculated based on a change in one assumption with all other assumptions being held constant. As such,
interdependencies between the assumptions are excluded. The impact of the rate of inflation assumption sensitivity includes
the impact of inflation on the rate of increase in salaries, where applicable, and on the rate of increase of pensions in payment.
The sensitivities of the underlying pension scheme liabilities as shown below do not directly equate to the impact on the Group’s
comprehensive income due to the effect of restriction on surplus for PSPS and the allocation of a share of the interest in the
financial position of PSPS and SASPS to the With-Profits Fund as described above. In addition, the sensitivities shown do
not include the impact on assets, which for all schemes would significantly offset the impact of the discount rate and inflation
sensitivities on the IAS 19 surplus or deficit. For the PSPS scheme, the mortality rate sensitivity impact would also be partially
mitigated by the longevity swap asset held.




                                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 211
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




18 Defined benefit pension schemes continued

                                                                                                                             As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                                               Increase/(decrease) in the present value of the
                                                                                                                    scheme’s defined benefit obligation
                                                                                                                    PSPS        SASPS         M&GGPS        Total
                                                       Sensitivity of the change in assumptions                       £m           £m             £m          £m
Base position                                          n/a                                                         7,109         1,073          605       8,787
Discount rate                                          Decrease by 0.2%                                              246             53           32         331
                                                       Increase by 0.2%                                             (233)           (49)         (30)       (312)
Rate of inflation with consequent
reduction in salary increases
(where applicable)                                     Decrease by 0.2%                                               (38)          (37)         (20)        (95)
Mortality rate                                         Increase in life expectancy by 1 year                         253             40           29        322

                                                                                                                             As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                Increase/(decrease) in the present value of the
                                                                                                                     scheme’s defined benefit obligation
                                                                                                                    PSPS        SASPS         M&GGPS        Total
                                                       Sensitivity of the change in assumptions                       £m           £m             £m         £m
Base position                                          n/a                                                        6,520            895           489      7,904
Discount rate                                          Decrease by 0.2%                                              216             42           24        282
                                                       Increase by 0.2%                                             (205)           (39)         (23)       (267)
Rate of inflation with consequent
reduction in salary increases
(where applicable)                                     Decrease by 0.2%                                               (35)          (29)         (15)        (79)
Mortality rate                                         Increase in life expectancy by 1 year                         242             32           24        298


18.3 Plan assets of the schemes
                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                           2020                                                       2019
                                                         PSPS          Other          Total                         PSPS          Other         Total
                                                           £m            £m             £m             %              £m            £m           £m               %
Equities:
UK                                                           19           10            29              —               8              7          15              —
Overseas                                                     14           65            79              1              25            63           88              1
Bonds:    i


Government                                              4,855           840         5,695             60           4,676           688         5,364          61
Corporate                                               2,023           494          2,517            26           1,753           487         2,240          25
Asset-backed securities                                   283             26          309               3            298             14          312              3
Derivativesii                                             216               3          219              2            186               1         187              2
Properties                                                160            116           276              3            150           144           294              3
Other assets                                              314            155          469               5            351            126          477              5
Total value of assets       iii
                                                        7,884         1,709         9,593            100           7,447         1,530         8,977        100

i    As at 31 December 2020, 90% of the bonds were investment grade (2019: 88%).
ii   Included within derivatives is a £15m liability in respect of the longevity swap transaction with Pacific Life Re Limited (2019: nil).
iii As at 31 December 2020, 94% of the total value of the scheme assets were derived from quoted prices in an active market (2019: 94%), while the value
    of the remaining assets is derived from the use of various observable and unobservable inputs. None of the scheme assets included property occupied
    by the Group. The IAS 19 basis plan assets as at 31 December 2020 of £9,392m (2019: £8,840m) is different from the economic basis plan assets of
    £9,593m (2019: £8,977m) as shown above due to the exclusion of investment in Group insurance policies by M&GGPS as described above.




212 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
18 Defined benefit pension schemes continued
18.4 Reconciliation in movement of schemes’ surplus/deficit




                                                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
                                                                                Economic basis                                                     Attributable to
                                                                                                         Net
                                                                             Present                economic                               Net
                                                                 Fair value  value of        Effect pension                           pension
                                                                    of plan  benefit       of asset surplus/        Other            surplus/
                                                                    assets obligation       ceiling (deficit) adjustments             (deficit)             Group
                                                                        £m        £m            £m       £m           £m                   £m                  £m
Net defined benefit pension asset/(liability)
at 1 January 2020                                                   8,977      (7,904)        (887)         186           (137)            49                   49
Total expense recognised in income statement:
    Current service cost                                                  —         (22)           —        (22)               —          (22)                 (22)
    Past service costs                                                    —         (11)           —         (11)              —           (11)                (11)


                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
    Net interest income/(expense)                                      182        (160)         (18)           4             (3)               1                 1
    Administration expenses                                             (13)           —           —         (13)              —          (13)                 (13)
Total amount recognised in consolidated
income statementi                                                      169        (193)         (18)        (42)             (3)          (45)                 (45)
Remeasurements:
    Actuarial gains and losses:
    Return on the scheme assets less amount
    included in interest income                                       804              —           —       804              (15)         789                  789




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial information
    Losses on changes in demographic
    assumptions                                                           —         (44)           —        (44)               —          (44)                 (44)
    Losses on changes in financial assumptions                            —     (1,229)            —    (1,229)                —      (1,229)              (1,229)
    Experience gains on scheme liabilities                                —        179             —        179                —          179                  179
    Unrecognisable surplus                                                —            —       188          188                —         188                  188
Remeasurement gains and (losses)ii                                    804       (1,094)        188         (102)            (15)         (117)                (117)
Transfer in of net defined benefit pension asset                          —            —           —           —               —               —                     —
Benefit payments                                                     (404)         404             —           —               —               —                     —
Employers’ contributions                                                47             —           —         47                —           47                   47
Transfer in to investment in Group




                                                                                                                                                                         Other information
insurance policies                                                        —            —           —           —            (46)          (46)                 (46)
Net defined benefit pension asset/(liability)
at 31 December 2020                                                 9,593       (8,787)        (717)         89           (201)          (112)                (112)

i     As at 31 December 2020, 90% of the bonds were investment grade (2019: 88%).
ii    Included within derivatives is a £15m liability in respect of the longevity swap transaction with Pacific Life Re Limited (2019: nil).
iii As at 31 December 2020, 94% of the total value of the scheme assets were derived from quoted prices in an active market (2019: 94%), while the value
    of the remaining assets is derived from the use of various observable and unobservable inputs. None of the scheme assets included property occupied
    by the Group. The IAS 19 basis plan assets as at 31 December 2020 of £9,392m (2019: £8,840m) is different from the economic basis plan assets of
    £9,593m (2019: £8,977m) as shown above due to the exclusion of investment in Group insurance policies by M&GGPS as described above.




                                                                                                                   M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 213
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




18 Defined benefit pension schemes continued

                                                                          Economic basis                                                  Attributable to
                                                                                                   Net
                                                                        Present               economic                           Net
                                                            Fair value  value of       Effect pension                       pension
                                                               of plan  benefit      of asset surplus/        Other        surplus/     External
                                                               assets obligation      ceiling (deficit) adjustments         (deficit)     partyiii   Group
                                                                   £m        £m           £m       £m           £m               £m          £m         £m
Net defined benefit pension asset/(liability)
at 1 January 2019                                              8,479      (7,519)      (677)       283           (225)           58          69          (11)
Total expense recognised in income statement:
    Current service cost                                             —       (28)          —        (28)             —          (28)          (4)       (24)
    Past service costs                                               —       150           —       150               —          150          20         130
    Net interest income/(expense)                                224        (196)        (18)        10             (6)            4           —            4
    Administration expenses                                       (10)          —          —        (10)             —           (10)          (1)       (9)
Total amount recognised in consolidated
income statementi                                                 214        (74)        (18)       122             (6)         116           15        101
Remeasurements:
    Actuarial gains and losses:
    Return on the scheme assets less amount
    included in interest income                                  646            —          —       646              (9)        637          130         507
    Gains on changes in demographic assumptions                      —       117           —        117              —          117          36          81
    Losses on changes in financial assumptions                       —      (830)          —      (830)              —        (830)         (170)    (660)
    Experience losses on scheme liabilities                          —        (10)         —        (10)             —           (10)         (5)        (5)
    Unrecognisable surplus                                           —          —      (192)       (192)             —         (192)         (63)     (129)
Remeasurement gains and (losses)ii                               646        (723)      (192)      (269)             (9)        (278)         (72)    (206)
Benefit payments                                                 (412)       412           —           —             —             —           —            —
Employers’ contributions                                           50           —          —         50              —           50            3         47
Employees’ contributions                                             —          —          —           —             —             —           —            —
Transfer out to investment in Group
insurance policies                                                   —          —          —           —          103           103            —        103
Transfer of shareholder share of PSPS scheme
to Group                                                             —          —          —           —             —             —         (15)        15
Net defined benefit pension asset/(liability)
at 31 December 2019                                            8,977      (7,904)      (887)        186          (137)           49            —        49

i     An expense of £22m is included in the total amount recognised in the income statement attributable to the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020
      relating to the With-Profits Fund (2019: credit of £56m).
ii    Included in the share of remeasurement gains and losses for the year ended 31 December 2020 are losses relating to shareholders totalling £101m
      (2019: losses of £19m) which are recognised in other comprehensive income. The amounts attributable to the With-Profits Fund for the year ended
      31 December 2020 amount to losses of £16m (2019: losses of £187m) are recognised in other comprehensive income and transferred to unallocated
      surplus of the With-Profits Fund.
iii Until 30 June 2019, the shareholders’ share in relation to PSPS was attributable to Prudential plc. Hence, the related amounts have been shown as
    attributable to an external party.




214 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
18 Defined benefit pension schemes continued
18.5 Maturity analysis of benefit obligations




                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
The following table provides an expected maturity analysis of the undiscounted defined benefit obligations:

                                                                                             All schemes
                                                                                   After 5      After 10   After 15
                                                         1 year or After 1 year   years to      years to   years to        Over
                                                             less to 5 years      10 years      15 years   20 years    20 years       Total
                                                              £m            £m         £m            £m         £m          £m          £m
As at 31 December 2020                                       269        1,122      1,532         1,508      1,438       5,305       11,174
As at 31 December 2019                                       255         1,125     1,538         1,534       1,485       5,799      11,736


The weighted average duration of each scheme’s defined benefit obligations (in years) are as follows:



                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                                             PSPS       SASPS     M&GGPS
As at 31 December 2020                                                                                          17          24          26
As at 31 December 2019                                                                                          17          23          25


19 Loans
The amounts included in the consolidated statement of financial position in relation to loan assets are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                                       As at 31 December




                                                                                                                                               Financial information
                                                                                                                          2020        2019
                                                                                                                            £m         £m
Mortgage loans                                                                                                          4,328        4,377
Policy loans                                                                                                                 2             2
Other loans                                                                                                              1,701       1,575
Total loans                                                                                                             6,031       5,954


Mortgage loans includes a securitisation vehicle that the Group consolidates which holds a portfolio of buy-to-let mortgages
carried at fair value through profit or loss. The Group’s interest is held by the With-Profits Fund. The fair value of the loans as at
31 December 2020 was £1,366m (2019: £1,462m). The vehicle financed the acquisition of the loan portfolio through the issue of
debt instruments, largely to external parties, which are securitised upon the loans acquired.




                                                                                                                                               Other information
As at 31 December 2020, 80% of the £2,219m (2019: 80% of £2,179m) of mortgage loans held by the shareholder-backed
business related to lifetime (equity release) mortgage business which had an average loan to property value of 36% (2019: 35%).
The equity release mortgages are carried at fair value through profit or loss. Sensitivities in relation to the valuation of the equity
release mortgages are provided in Note 33.9.
Other loans mainly comprise syndicated and bridge commercial loans.




                                                                                               M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 215
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




20 Classification of financial instruments
20.1 Financial assets
                                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                                         Fair value through
                                                                                                           profit or loss
                                                                                                                      Held for Loans and
                                                                                                    Designated        trading receivables             Total
                                                                                               Note        £m              £m         £m                £m
Loansi                                                                                                    3,220               —      2,811          6,031
Derivative assets                                                                                33             —       5,705             —         5,705
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                                    34      68,419               —           —     68,419
Deposits                                                                                         34             —             —     17,629          17,629
Debt securities                                                                                  34     85,439                —           —     85,439
Accrued investment income and other debtors                                                      34             —             —     3,023           3,023
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        22             —             —      6,776          6,776
Total financial assets                                                                                  157,078         5,705      30,239      193,022

i   The carrying value of loans held at amortised cost are reported net of allowance for loan losses of £50m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £20m).

                                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                         Fair value through
                                                                                                            profit or loss
                                                                                                                       Held for Loans and             Total
                                                                                                    Designated         trading receivables
                                                                                               Note        £m              £m          £m              £m
Loans                                                                                                     3,339               —      2,615          5,954
Derivative assets                                                                                33             —       3,962             —         3,962
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                                    34      72,388               —           —     72,388
Deposits                                                                                         34             —             —     14,221          14,221
Debt securities                                                                                  34      85,434               —           —     85,434
Accrued investment income and other debtors                                                      34             —             —      2,923           2,923
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        22             —             —     6,046           6,046
Total financial assets                                                                                   161,161        3,962      25,805      190,928


Financial assets expected to be recovered after one year as at 31 December 2020 are £86,531m (2019: £82,838m).

20.2 Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                                         Fair value through
                                                                                                           profit or loss
                                                                                                                      Held for Amortised
                                                                                                    Designated        trading       cost              Total
                                                                                               Note        £m              £m        £m                 £m
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features                     27      15,547               —           —         15,547
Third-party interest in consolidated funds                                                       33      13,265               —           —     13,265
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                                    28       1,301               —     6,966           8,267
Derivative liabilities                                                                           33             —      3,460              —         3,460
Other financial liabilities                                                                                     —             —      3,391          3,391
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                                             409               —      3,714           4,123
Total financial liabilities                                                                             30,522         3,460        14,071      48,053




216 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
20 Classification of financial instruments continued

                                                                                                      As at 31 December 2019




                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
                                                                                            Fair value through
                                                                                               profit or loss
                                                                                                         Held for    Amortised
                                                                                         Designated      trading          cost       Total
                                                                                    Note        £m           £m            £m         £m
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features          27     15,651              —          —     15,651
Third-party interest in consolidated funds                                            33     11,643              —          —     11,643
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                         28      1,422              —      6,077      7,499
Derivative liabilities                                                                33          —       2,204             —      2,204
Other financial liabilities                                                                       —              —      3,517      3,517
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                                390               —     4,680       5,070


                                                                                                                                             Governance
Total financial liabilities                                                                  29,106       2,204        14,274    45,584


Other financial liabilities relate to obligations under funding, securities lending and sale and repurchase agreements.
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities exclude items which do not meet the definition of a financial liability.
Financial liabilities expected to be settled in more than one year as at 31 December 2020 were £11,192m (2019: £9,352m).

21 Accrued investment income and other debtors
                                                                                                                      As at 31 December




                                                                                                                                             Financial information
                                                                                                                         2020        2019
                                                                                                                           £m         £m
Interest receivable                                                                                                      659         831
Other                                                                                                                    780         691
Total accrued investment income                                                                                         1,439      1,522
Other debtors:
Outstanding sales of investment securities                                                                                132        138
Investment management fee debtors                                                                                         163        187
Property-related debtors                                                                                                  175        162
Cancellation of units awaiting settlement                                                                                  31         24



                                                                                                                                             Other information
Other                                                                                                                   1,083        890
Total accrued investment income and other debtors                                                                      3,023       2,923
Analysed as:
Expected to be settled within one year                                                                                  2,738      2,703
Expected to be settled after one year                                                                                    285         220
Total accrued investment income and other debtors                                                                      3,023       2,923


22 Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                                         2020        2019
                                                                                                                           £m         £m
Cash                                                                                                                   4,646       3,579
Cash equivalents                                                                                                        2,130      2,467
Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         6,776      6,046


Cash equivalents consist solely of money market fund investments with a maturity of less than 90 days at acquisition.




                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 217
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




23 Issued share capital and share premium
23.1 Issued share capital
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December
                                                                        2020                                    2019
                                                                Number of       Share capital           Number of          Share capital
Issued shares of 5p fully paid                             ordinary shares               £m        ordinary shares                  £m
At 1 January                                             2,599,906,866                  130      2,597,930,000                     130
Bonus issue                                                             —                  —          1,976,866                       —
At 31 December                                           2,599,906,866                  130      2,599,906,866                     130


Amounts recorded in share capital represent the nominal value of shares issued with any difference between proceeds received
on issue of shares, net of issue costs, and the nominal value of shares issued being credited to the share premium account.
On 18 October 2019, in preparation of demerger, 1,976,866 bonus shares were issued at par value of 5 pence per share by
utilising the share premium reserve. The share premium reserve at 31 December 2020 was £370m (2019: £370m).

24 Shares held by employee benefit trusts and other treasury shares
The Group buys and sells own shares either in relation to its employee share schemes or via transactions undertaken by
authorised investment funds that the Group is deemed to control. The cost of own shares of £118m as at 31 December
2020 (2019: £27m) is deducted from equity.

24.1 Shares held by employee benefit trusts
The M&G Employee Share Trust (“the Trust”) was created on 20 September 2019 to facilitate the procurement, holding and
distribution of M&G plc shares under the various employee incentive schemes in operation. The Trust is funded via a loan from
M&G plc. In addition, there is a separate trust that holds shares in respect of SIP schemes.
The movement in the M&G plc shares held in employee benefit trusts are detailed below:

                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2020                    2019
                                                                                                Number of shares       Number of shares
At 1 January                                                                                        12,839,060                        —
Shared received at date of listing                                                                              —           1,203,335
Shares acquired during the year                                                                     62,866,551            12,606,493
Shares awarded during the year                                                                       (7,523,026)             (970,768)
At 31 December                                                                                      68,182,585            12,839,060


The Trust holds 64,645,185 shares at 31 December 2020 (2019: 8,681,580) whilst a further 3,537,400 shares are held by the
trustee of the SIP scheme at 31 December 2020 (2019: 4,157,480).
The cost of shares held in the employee benefit trusts’ own shares of £117m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £26m) is deducted
from equity.

24.2 Other treasury shares
The Group has consolidated a number of authorised investment funds where it is deemed to control these funds under IFRS,
and some of these funds hold shares in M&G plc.
The total number of shares held by these funds at 31 December 2020 was 598,106 (2019: 586,885) with a carrying value as at
31 December 2020 of £1m (2019: £1m).
All share transactions were made on an exchange. Other than set out above, the Group did not purchase, sell or redeem any
M&G plc listed securities during 2020.




218 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
25 Retained earnings
The movements in the following table are aggregated for both continuing and discontinued operations.




                                                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                                                                           31 December
                                                                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                                                              Note            £m              £m
At 1 January                                                                                                                             16,342        20,157
Recognised in comprehensive income:
Profit for the year attributable to equity holders from continuing operations                                                              1,138        1,062
Profit for the year attributable to equity holders from discontinued operations                                                                 —              58
Other comprehensive expenses on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                                                        (81)              (5)
Total items recognised in comprehensive income                                                                                            1,057              1,115



                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
Recognised directly in equity:
Transaction with equity holders:
Dividends                                                                                                                        12         (562)      (4,365)
Distribution in kindi                                                                                                                           —            (570)
Shares distributed by employee trusts                                                                                                         (14)              —
Vested employee share-based payments                                                                                             26            17              (2)
Other movements                                                                                                                                 —             (92)
Tax effect of items recognised directly in equity                                                                                             13               99




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial information
Total items recognised directly in equity                                                                                                  (546)       (4,930)
Net increase/(decrease) in equity                                                                                                            511        (3,815)
At 31 December                                                                                                                           16,853        16,342

i   Distribution in kind represents the difference between fair value of the subordinated notes at initial recognition and the actual cash transferred by
    Prudential plc in respect of the notes on substitution of the debt in 2019. The difference is treated as a distribution in kind in accordance with the
    requirements of Section 845 of the Companies Act 2006.

26 Other reserves
The movements in the following tables are aggregated for both continuing and discontinued operations:

                                                                                                             Equity-




                                                                                                                                                                     Other information
                                                                                                              settled
                                                                                                               share-                Foreign
                                                                                                               based                currency
                                                                                                            payment        Merger translation Total Other
                                                                                                             reserve       reserve   reserve    reserves
                                                                                                                  £m           £m         £m          £m
As at 1 January 2020                                                                                              45       (11,732)            (3)    (11,690)
Exchange movements arising on foreign operations                                                                    —             —             3               3
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                             —             —             3               3
Vested employee share-based payments                                                                              (17)            —             —             (17)
Expense recognised in respect of share-based payments                                                              51             —             —              51
Tax effect of items recognised directly in equity                                                                  (5)            —             —              (5)
Net increase in equity                                                                                             29             —             3              32
As at 31 December 2020                                                                                             74      (11,732)             —     (11,658)




                                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 219
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




26 Other reserves continued

                                                                                             Equity-
                                                                                             settled
                                                                                              share-                 Foreign
                                                                                              based                 currency
                                                                                           payment     Merger     translation   Total other
                                                                                            reserve    reserve       reserve      reserves
                                                                                                 £m        £m             £m            £m
As at 1 January 2019                                                                              —    (11,732)            4      (11,728)
Exchange movements arising on foreign operations                                                  —          —            (7)           (7)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                           —          —            (7)           (7)
Expense recognised in respect of share-based payments                                           40           —             —           40
Tax effect of items recognised directly in equity                                                 5          —             —             5
Net increase/(decrease) in equity                                                               45           —            (7)          38
As at 31 December 2019                                                                          45     (11,732)           (3)     (11,690)


The merger reserve arises from the application of merger accounting principles to the acquisition of entities under common
control. It represents the difference between the aggregate capital reserves and the value of the entities acquired. On disposal
of the relevant entity, the related merger reserve is released directly to retained earnings.

27 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus
27.1 Determination of insurance and investment contract liabilities for different components of business
Note 2.4 describes the different types of insurance and investment contracts across the business. A description relating to the
determination of the policyholder liabilities and the key assumptions for each component of business is set out below:

27.1.1 With-profits business
The With-Profits Fund mainly contains with-profits contracts but also contains some non-profit business (annuities, unit-linked,
and term assurances). The liabilities of the With-Profits Fund are accounted for on a realistic basis in accordance with the
requirements of FRS 27 Life Assurance. The basis is consistent with the rules for the determination of reserves on the realistic
basis under the Solvency I capital regime. Though no longer in force for regulatory purposes, these rules continue to be applied
to determine with-profits contract liabilities in accordance with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts. In aggregate, the regime has the
effect of placing a market-consistent value on the liabilities of with-profits contracts, which reflects the amounts expected to be
paid based on the current value of investments held by the With-Profits Fund and current circumstances. Non-profit business
written in the With-Profits Fund is valued consistently with equivalent business written in the shareholder-backed funds, and
profit on this business which has accrued to policyholders is included as part of the with-profits contract liability. No policyholder
liability is held in respect of future enhancements to with-profits liabilities from non-profit business.
The with-profits contracts are a combination of insurance and investment contracts with DPF, as defined by IFRS 4. The realistic
basis requires the value of with-profits policyholder liabilities to be calculated as the sum of:
i. A with-profits benefits reserve (WPBR)
ii. Future policy-related liabilities (FPRL)
The WPBR is primarily based on the retrospective calculation of accumulated asset shares with adjustments to reflect future
policyholder benefits and other charges and expenses. Asset shares broadly reflect the policyholders’ share of the With-Profits
Fund assets attributable to their policies. For certain classes of business, the WPBR is instead calculated using a prospective
bonus reserve valuation, valuing future claims and expenses using the expected future bonus rates.
The FPRL is comprised of other components of the liability including a market-consistent valuation of costs of guarantees, options
and smoothing, less any related charges, and this amount is determined using stochastic modelling techniques.
Assumptions used for the realistic, market-consistent valuation of with-profits business typically do not contain margins,
whereas those used for the valuation of other classes of business, for example, annuities, contain margins of prudence within the
assumptions. The main assumptions used in the prospective elements of the with-profits policyholder liabilities are listed below:
– Assumptions relating to persistency and the take-up of options offered under certain with-profits contracts are set based on
  the results of the most recent experience analysis looking at the experience over recent years of the relevant business;
– Management actions under which the fund is managed in different scenarios;
– Maintenance and, for some classes of business, termination expense assumptions are expressed as per policy amounts.
  They are set based on forecast expense levels, including an allowance for ongoing investment management expenses,
  and are allocated between entities and product groups in accordance with the Group’s internal cost allocation model;
– Expense inflation assumptions are set consistent with the economic basis and based on the inflation swap spot curve; and
– The contract liabilities for with-profits business also require assumptions for mortality. These are set based on the results
  of recent experience analysis.


220 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
27 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus continued
On 25 October 2019, a reinsurance arrangement with Prudential Hong Kong Limited, a subsidiary of Prudential plc, which
covered £1,078m of the non-profit annuity business contained within the With-Profits Fund, was terminated as part of demerger



                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
activities. As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, there are no significant external reinsurance arrangements in place in
respect of the With-Profits Fund’s liabilities.

Unallocated surplus
The unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund represents the excess of the fund’s assets over policyholder liabilities that have
yet to be appropriated between policyholders and shareholders. The unallocated surplus is recorded wholly as a liability with
no allocation to equity. The annual excess/(shortfall) of income over expenditure of the With-Profits Fund, after declaration and
attribution of the cost of bonuses to policyholders and shareholders, is transferred to/(from) the unallocated surplus each year
through a charge/(credit) to the consolidated income statement. The balance retained in the unallocated surplus represents
cumulative income arising on the with-profits business that has not been allocated to policyholders or shareholders.

With-profits options and guarantees

                                                                                                                                         Governance
Certain policies written in the Group’s With-Profits Fund give potentially valuable guarantees to policyholders, or options to
change policy benefits which can be exercised at the policyholders’ discretion.
Most with-profits contracts give a guaranteed minimum payment on a specified date or range of dates or on death if before that
date or dates. For pensions products, the specified date is the policyholder’s chosen retirement date or a range of dates around
that date. For endowment contracts, guarantees apply at the maturity date of the contract. For with-profits bonds it is often a
specified anniversary of commencement, in some cases with further dates thereafter.
The main types of options and guarantees offered for with-profits contracts are as follows:
– For conventional with-profits contracts, including endowment assurance contracts and whole of-life assurance contracts,




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
  payouts are guaranteed at the sum assured together with any declared regular bonus;
– Conventional with-profits deferred annuity contracts have a basic annuity per annum to which bonuses are added. At maturity,
  the cash claim value will reflect the current cost of providing the deferred annuity. Regular bonuses when added to with-profits
  contracts usually increase the guaranteed amount;
– For unitised with-profits contracts and cash accumulation contracts the guaranteed payout is the initial investment (adjusted
  for any withdrawals, where appropriate), less charges, plus any regular bonuses declared. If benefits are taken at a date other
  than when the guarantee applies, a market value reduction may be applied to reflect the difference between the accumulated
  value of the units and the market value of the underlying assets;
– For certain unitised with-profits contracts and cash accumulation contracts, policyholders have the option to defer their
  retirement date when they reach maturity, and the terminal bonus granted at that point is guaranteed;




                                                                                                                                         Other information
– For with-profits annuity contracts, there is a guaranteed minimum annuity payment below which benefit payments cannot fall
  over the lifetime of the policies; and
– Certain pensions products have guaranteed annuity options at retirement, where the policyholder has the option to take the
  benefit in the form of an annuity at a guaranteed conversion rate.

Determination of bonuses
Profit recognition for traditional with-profits business written in the WPSF is in line with the declaration of bonuses.
Determining discretionary bonuses for traditional types of with-profits business requires the PAC Board to apply significant
judgement, including in particular the following:
– Determining what constitutes fair treatment of customers;
– Determining the process for the smoothing of investment returns; and
– Determining at what level to set bonuses to ensure that they are competitive.
The overall rate of return on investments and the expectation of future investment returns are the most important influences
in bonus rates, subject to the smoothing described below. The Group determines the assumptions to apply in respect of these
factors, including the effects of reasonably likely changes in key assumptions, in the context of the overarching discretionary and
smoothing framework that applies to its with-profits business.
The Group’s approach, in applying significant judgement and discretion in relation to determining bonus rates, is consistent with
the Principles and Practices of Financial Management (PPFM) that explains how the With-Profits Fund is managed. In accordance
with industry-wide regulatory requirements, the PAC Board has appointed:
– A Chief Actuary who provides the PAC Board with all actuarial advice.
– A With-Profits Actuary whose specific duty is to advise the PAC Board on the reasonableness and proportionality of the
  manner in which its discretion has been exercised in applying the PPFM and the manner in which any conflicting interests
  have been addressed.
– A With-Profits Committee of independent individuals, which assesses the degree of compliance with the PPFM and the
  manner in which conflicting interests and rights have been addressed.


                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 221
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




27 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus continued
In determining bonus rates for the with-profits policies, smoothing is applied to the allocation of the overall earnings of the
With-Profits Fund, of which the investment return is a significant element. The degree of smoothing is illustrated numerically
in the following table, which allows comparison of the relatively “smoothed” level of policyholder bonuses declared as part of
the surplus for distribution with the more volatile movement in investment return and other items of income and expenditure
of the WPSF.

                                                                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                          2020         2019
                                                                                                                            £m          £m
Net income of the WPSF fund:
Investment return                                                                                                        5,719      13,910
Claims incurred                                                                                                         (9,430)      (9,106)
Movement in policyholder liabilities                                                                                      (364)     (11,535)
Add back policyholder bonus for the year (as shown below)                                                                2,258       2,375
Claims incurred and movement in policyholder liabilities (including change for provision for asset
shares and excluding policyholder bonuses)                                                                              (7,536)    (18,266)
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance                                                                                      5,494       11,755
Other income                                                                                                                  9          35
Acquisition costs and other expenditure                                                                                 (1,250)      (1,837)
Share of (losses)/profits from investment joint ventures                                                                    (64)             3
Tax charge                                                                                                                (297)        (413)
Net income of the fund before movement in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund                                   2,075        5,187
Movement in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund                                                                   433      (2,549)
Surplus for distribution for the year                                                                                    2,508       2,638
Surplus for distribution for the year allocated as follows:
Policyholders’ bonus (as shown above)                                                                                    2,258       2,375
Shareholders’ transfersi                                                                                                   250         263
Surplus for distribution for the year                                                                                    2,508       2,638

i   Shareholder transfers for most business in the WPSF are one-ninth of the cost of bonus declared to policyholders.

27.1.2 Unit-linked business
For unit-linked contracts, the attaching liability reflects the unit value obligation and, in the case of contracts with significant
insurance risk which are therefore classified as insurance contracts, a provision for expense and mortality risk. The latter
component is determined by applying mortality assumptions on a basis that is appropriate for the policyholder profile.
To calculate the non-unit reserves for unit-linked insurance contracts, assumptions are set for maintenance expenses, the unit
growth rate and the valuation interest rate. The valuation interest rate is derived from the yields of assets representative of the
returns that will be earned on the assets backing these liabilities.
For those contracts where the level of insurance risk is insignificant, the assets and liabilities arising under the contracts are
distinguished between those that relate to the financial instrument liability, and the deferred acquisition costs and deferred
income that relate to investment management. Deferred acquisition costs and deferred income are recognised in line with the
level of service provision.
Certain parts of the unit-linked business are reinsured externally, either by way of fund reinsurance or by reinsuring specific risk
benefits. The reinsurance asset in respect of these reinsurance arrangements is valued in a manner consistent with the valuation
of the underlying liabilities.

27.1.3 Annuities and other long-term business
The majority of the policyholder liabilities in the “annuities and other long-term business” component relate to annuity contracts.
The annuity liabilities are calculated as the expected value of future annuity payments and expenses, discounted by a valuation
interest rate, having prudent regard to the assumptions used.
As described in Note 2, on 14 March 2018, part of the annuity liability was reinsured externally to Rothesay Life PLC. In addition,
some of the longevity risk in respect of the remaining annuity business is reinsured externally. The reinsurance asset in respect
of these reinsurance arrangements is valued in a manner consistent with the valuation of the underlying liabilities.
The key assumptions used to calculate the policyholder liability in respect of annuity business are as follows:




222 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
27 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus continued
Mortality
Mortality assumptions for annuity business are set in light of recent population and internal experience, with an allowance



                                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
for expected future mortality improvements. Given the long-term nature of annuity business, annuitant mortality remains
a significant assumption in determining policyholder liabilities. The assumptions used reference recent population mortality
data, with specific risk factors applied on a per policy basis to reflect the features of the Group’s portfolio.
The mortality improvements observed in recent population data have been considered as part of the judgement exercised
in setting the mortality basis for 2020. New mortality projection models are released annually by the Continuous Mortality
Investigation (CMI). The CMI tables used are adjusted as appropriate each year to reflect anticipated mortality improvements,
including an appropriate margin for prudence. The CMI 2018 model does not take into account higher mortality improvements
observed during 2019, and the Group has therefore adopted a stronger than default calibration of CMI 2018 model. The mortality
improvement assumptions used are summarised in the table below:

    Period ended                       Model version         Long-term improvement ratei                   Smoothing parameter (Sk)ii


                                                                                                                                                        Governance
31 December 2020                       CMI 2018              For males: 2.25% pa                           For males: 7.75
                                                             For females: 2.00% pa                         For females: 8.25
31 December 2019                       CMI 2017              For males: 2.25% pa                           For males: 7.5
                                                             For females: 2.00% pa                         For females: 7.75

i     As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the long-term improvement rates shown reflected a 0.5% increase to all future improvement rates as
      a margin for prudence.
ii    The smoothing parameter controls the amount of smoothing by calendar year when determining the level of initial mortality improvements.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial information
An increase in mortality rates has been observed during 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and may be expected to continue
to some extent over the short-term, particularly in relation to the annuitant population which has a higher average age than
the non-annuitant population. However, the longer-term implications for mortality rates amongst the annuitant population are
unknown at this stage. While no change has been made to the annuitant mortality assumptions directly as a result of COVID-19,
this is an area the Group continues to monitor.
The mortality assumptions for in-force vested annuities also cover annuities in deferment.
The sensitivity of IFRS profit before tax to changes in assumed mortality rates is shown in Note 34.2.

Valuation interest rates
Valuation interest rates used to discount the liabilities are based on the yields as at the valuation date on the assets backing
the policyholder liabilities. For fixed interest securities, the internal rate of return of the assets backing the liabilities is used.



                                                                                                                                                        Other information
Investment properties are valued using the redemption yield. An adjustment is made to the yield on non-risk-free fixed interest
securities and property to reflect credit risk. The credit risk allowance comprises an amount for long-term best estimate defaults
and downgrades, a provision for credit risk premium, and where appropriate an additional short-term allowance.
The credit risk allowance for the Group’s shareholder-backed annuity business as at 31 December 2020 was 46bps per annum
(2019: 37bps) corresponding to a net of reinsurance reserve of £862m (2019: £701m). For the annuity business written in the
With-Profits Fund, this amount was 43bps (2019: 33bps) corresponding to a net of reinsurance reserve of £406m (2019: £324m).
This increase is primarily due to strengthening the short-term provision, in anticipation of short-term deterioration in the number
of company default and downgrades due to the current market conditions arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. The allowance
for credit risk within the valuation interest rate is of particular importance when determining policyholder liabilities, and the
sensitivity of IFRS profit after tax to changes in this assumption is shown in Note 34.2.

Expenses
Maintenance expense assumptions are expressed as per policy amounts. They are set based on forecast expense levels,
including an allowance for ongoing investment management expenses and are allocated between entities and product groups
in accordance with the Group’s internal cost allocation model. A margin for prudence is added to this amount. Expense inflation
assumptions are set consistent with the economic basis and based on the inflation swap spot curve. The sensitivity of IFRS profit
after tax to changes in maintenance expense levels is shown in Note 34.2.
The following tables show the movement in policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund by
component of business. The analysis includes the impact of premiums, claims and investment movements on policyholder
liabilities. The impact does not represent premiums, claims, and investment movements as reported in the consolidated income
statement. For example, the premiums shown below will exclude any deductions for fees/charges, as the table only shows the
impact on the insurance and investment contract liabilities and unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund. Claims (surrenders,
maturities and deaths) represent the liability released rather than the claim amount paid to the policyholder.




                                                                                                        M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 223
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




27 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus continued
27.2 Analysis of movements in policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund
                                                                                             Shareholder-backed
                                                                                            funds and subsidiaries
                                                                                                            Annuity
                                                                                                          and other
                                                                            With-profits Unit-linked     long-term                  Reinsurance
                                                                              sub-fundsi  liabilities      business        Total          asset    Net total
                                                                                    £m            £m            £m          £m              £m          £m
As at 1 January 2019                                                           124,228        20,717      20,384        165,329         (2,812)    162,517
Comprising:
    Insurance contract liabilities                                              43,775         5,219      20,304        69,298
    Investment contract liabilities with DPF                                    67,018              —            20     67,038
    Investment contract liabilities without DPF                                        2      15,498             60     15,560
    Unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund                                13,433              —              —     13,433
Net Flows:
Premiums                                                                         11,745          890          287        12,922
Surrenders                                                                       (4,987)      (2,667)        (444)       (8,098)
Maturities/deaths                                                                (4,522)        (606)       (1,948)      (7,076)
Net flows                                                                        2,236        (2,383)       (2,105)      (2,252)
Reclassification of reinsured UK annuity contracts as held
for sale                                                                               —            —      10,502        10,502
Disposal of Hong Kong subsidiaries                                                  (44)           (9)           53            —
Shareholders’ transfers post-tax                                                   (263)            —              —       (263)
Switches                                                                           (156)         156               —           —
Investment-related items and other movementsii                                  10,925         2,513         1,613       15,051
Foreign exchange differences                                                        (112)           —             (4)       (116)
As at 31 December 2019/As at 1 January 2020                                    136,814       20,994       30,443        188,251        (11,958) 176,293
Comprising:
    Insurance contract liabilities                                              42,717         5,396      30,367        78,480
    Investment contract liabilities with DPF                                    78,022              —            26     78,048
    Investment contract liabilities without DPF                                        3     15,598              50      15,651
    Unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund                                16,072              —              —    16,072
Net Flows:
Premiums                                                                         5,500         1,632           161        7,293
Surrenders                                                                      (5,730)       (2,214)            (81)    (8,025)
Maturities/deaths                                                                (4,114)        (603)      (2,077)       (6,794)
Net flows                                                                       (4,344)        (1,185)     (1,997)       (7,526)
Shareholders’ transfers post-tax                                                  (250)             —              —      (250)
Switches                                                                            (81)           81              —           —
Investment-related items and other movements               ii
                                                                                 4,220           509        2,153        6,882
Foreign exchange differences                                                         28           56               —         84
As at 31 December 2020                                                        136,387        20,455       30,599        187,441        (11,761) 175,680
Comprising:
    Insurance contract liabilities                                               41,172        4,987      30,491        76,650
    Investment contract liabilities with DPF                                    79,592              —            31     79,623
    Investment contract liabilities without DPF                                        2     15,468              77      15,547
    Unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund                                15,621              —              —     15,621

i     Includes the WPSF, the DCPSF and the SAIF, including the non-profit business written within these funds.
ii    Investment-related items and other movements include the impact of assumption changes. For the shareholder-backed business, assumption changes,
      including credit downgrade/default provisioning and annuitant mortality, decreased policyholder liabilities by £238m for the year ended 31 December
      2020 (2019: £340m decrease). For the With-Profits Fund, the impact of assumption changes for the year ended 31 December 2020 was a decrease in
      policyholder liabilities of £339m (2019: £239m decrease), which was offset by a corresponding increase in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund.
      The assumption change impacts have been amended from those reported in the 31 December 2019 Annual Report and Accounts with no impact on the
      movement table presented above.




224 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
27 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus continued
Further analysis of the movement in the Group’s insurance contract liabilities, reinsurance asset, investment contract liabilities
and unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund is provided below. The movement in these items is predominantly allocated



                                                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
to the “benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund, net of reinsurance” line in the
consolidated income statement, although certain movements such as premiums received and claims paid on investment
contracts without DPF, are not charged to the consolidated income statement.

                                                                                                                                         Unallocated
                                                                                                                                        surplus of the
                                                                                                           Insurance      Investment With-Profits        Reinsurers’
                                                                                                           contracts        contractsii          Fund         shareiii
                                                                                                                 £m               £m               £m           £m
As at 1 January 2019                                                                                           69,298       82,598           13,433         (2,812)
Income and expense included in the income statement                                                             (1,063)      12,688            2,549         1,356
Other movements including amounts included in other comprehensive income                              i
                                                                                                                10,311       (1,583)             136      (10,502)


                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
Foreign exchange translation differences                                                                          (66)            (4)             (46)            —
As at 31 December 2019/As at 1 January 2020                                                                    78,480       93,699           16,072       (11,958)
Income and expense included in the income statement                                                            (1,884)       2,280              (433)         203
Other movements including amounts included in other comprehensive incomei                                          19          (865)              (11)           (4)
Foreign exchange translation differences                                                                           35            56                (7)           (2)
As at 31 December 2020                                                                                         76,650       95,170           15,621        (11,761)

i    Other movements including amounts included in other comprehensive income include premiums received and claims paid on investment contracts




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial information
     without discretionary participating features, which are taken directly to the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with IAS 39;
     changes in the unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund resulting from actuarial gains and losses on the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes,
     which are recognised directly in other comprehensive income and balance sheet reallocations. The amount for balance sheet reallocations for the year
     ended 31 December 2019 includes the reclassification of the reinsured UK annuity business out of held for sale, together with reclassifications between
     insurance contract liabilities and the unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund.
ii   This comprises investment contracts with discretionary participation features of £79,623m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £78,048m) and investment
     contracts without discretionary participation features of £15,547m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £15,651m).
iii Includes reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding of £149m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £156m).

The below tables show the “Benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund, net of
reinsurance” as shown in the consolidated income statement. “Benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus of the
With-Profits Fund, net of reinsurance” comprises of the movement charged to the consolidated income statement presented in
the table above, and the benefits and claims paid over the period, net of amounts attributable to reinsurers.




                                                                                                                                                                          Other information
                                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                                                            Unallocated
                                                                                                                                           surplus of the
                                                                                                                          Policyholder With-Profits Reinsurance
                                                                                                                              liabilitiesi          Fund  asset
                                                                                                                                     £m               £m    £m
Movement in policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund
included in consolidated income statement                                                                                       (396)             433                 —
Movement in reinsurance asset included in consolidated income statement                                                               —              —         (203)
Benefits and claims paid                                                                                                     (12,278)                —                —
Benefits and claims attributable to external reinsurers                                                                               —              —        1,680
Benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund,
net of reinsurance, as shown in consolidated income statement                                                                (12,674)             433         1,477

i    Policyholder liabilities consist of insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities.




                                                                                                                   M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 225
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




27 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus continued

                                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                                          Unallocated
                                                                                                                                         surplus of the
                                                                                                                      Policyholder        With-Profits Reinsurance
                                                                                                                          liabilitiesi           Fund        asset
                                                                                                                                  £m                £m         £m
Movement in policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund
included in consolidated income statement                                                                                  (11,625)            (2,549)          —
Movement in reinsurance asset included in consolidated income statement                                                             —               —      (1,356)
Benefits and claims paid                                                                                                   (12,750)                 —           —
Benefits and claims attributable to external reinsurers                                                                             —               —       1,787
Benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund,
net of reinsurance as shown in consolidated income statement                                                              (24,375)             (2,549)        431

i   Policyholder liabilities consist of insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities.

27.3 Duration of liabilities
The tables below show the expected timing of the cash flows which make up the policyholder liabilities. The expected timing of
the cash flows will depend on the contract term and also expectations of assumptions such as future mortality and persistency,
depending on the type of contract. For with-profits and unit-linked contracts, actual amounts payable will vary with future
investment performance of the funds. The following tables show the carrying value of the policyholder liabilities and the
expected timing of the cash flows, on a discounted basis:

                                                                                    As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                 Annuity business
                                 With-profits business                        (insurance contracts)                  Other including unit-linked             Total
                                                                     Non-profit
                                                                       annuities Shareholder-
                           Insurance Investment                     within With-      backed                       Insurance Investment
                           contracts contracts             Total    Profits Fund    annuities             Total    contracts contracts            Total


Carrying value (£m)          30,268         79,581 109,849               10,438           29,369 39,807              6,575          15,589 22,164         171,820
Expected cash flow timing:
0 to 5 years                    34%           35%          35%              34%               27%        30%          43%                32%      36%       34%
5 to 10 years                   23%           26%          25%              26%               24%        24%          25%                24%      24%       25%
10 to 15 years                  17%            17%         17%               17%              19%        18%           16%               18%      17%        17%
15 to 20 years                   11%          10%          10%              10%               14%        13%            8%               12%      11%        11%
20 to 25 years                    7%            6%          6%                6%               9%             8%        4%               7%        6%         6%
Over 25 years                     8%            6%           7%               7%               7%             7%        4%               7%        6%         7%

                                                                                    As at 31 December 2019
                                  With-profits business              Annuity business (insurance contracts)           Other including unit-linked            Total
                                                                      Non-profit
                                                                        annuities     Shareholder-
                           Insurance Investment                      within With-          backed                  Insurance Investment
                            contracts  contracts            Total    Profits Fund        annuities        Total     contracts  contracts          Total


Carrying value (£m)          32,656         78,025 110,681                10,061           29,475 39,536             6,288           15,674     21,962    172,179
Expected cash flow timing:
0 to 5 years                    34%           38%          37%              34%               27%        30%           44%               31%      35%       36%
5 to 10 years                   24%            26%         26%              26%               23%        24%           25%               24%      24%        25%
10 to 15 years                  16%            16%         16%               17%              19%         18%          15%               18%      17%        17%
15 to 20 years                   11%            9%           9%              10%              14%         13%           8%               13%      12%        10%
20 to 25 years                    7%            5%           5%               6%               9%             8%        4%               7%        6%         6%
Over 25 years                     8%            6%           7%               7%               8%             7%        4%               7%        6%         6%


The cash flow projections of expected liability payments used in the expected cash flow timing table above are from the value of
in-force business and exclude the value of future new business, including future vesting of pension contracts.
Liability payments do not reflect the pattern of bonuses and shareholder transfers in respect of the with-profits business.
The amounts shown in the table exclude the unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund, as its allocation has not yet been defined.
226 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
28 Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings

                                                                                                                                As at 31 December




                                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                   2020        2019
                                                                                                                                     £m         £m
Subordinated liabilities                                                                                                         3,729        3,767
Operational borrowings                                                                                                              157         130
Borrowings attributable to the With-Profits Fund                                                                                 4,381       3,602
Total subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                                                              8,267       7,499


28.1 Subordinated liabilities
The Group’s subordinated liabilities consist of subordinated notes which were transferred from Prudential plc on 18 October 2019
and were recorded at fair value on initial recognition. The transfer of the subordinated liabilities was achieved by substituting


                                                                                                                                                          Governance
the Company in place of Prudential plc as issuer of the debt, as permitted under the terms and conditions of each applicable
instrument. All costs related to the transaction were borne by Prudential plc.

                                                                                              As at 31 December 2020      As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                               Carrying                     Carrying
                                                                                                Principal         value         Principal      value
                                                                                                 amount             £m           amount          £m
5.625% sterling fixed rate due 20 October 2051                                                   £750m            856           £750m          862
6.25% sterling fixed rate due 20 October 2068                                                    £500m            608           £500m          608
6.50% US dollar fixed rate due 20 October 2048                                                  $500m             425       $500m              448




                                                                                                                                                          Financial information
6.34% sterling fixed rate due 19 December 2063                                                   £700m            853           £700m          856
5.56% sterling fixed rate due 20 July 2055                                                       £600m            680           £600m          684
3.875% sterling fixed rate due 20 July 2049                                                      £300m            307           £300m          309
Total subordinated liabilities                                                                                  3,729                         3,767


Subordinated notes issued by the Company rank below its senior obligations and ahead of its preference shares and ordinary share capital.
A description of the key features of each of the Group’s subordinated notes as at 31 December 2020 is as follows:

                         5.625% sterling        6.25% sterling      6.50% US dollar      6.34% sterling        5.56% sterling        3.875% sterling
                              fixed rate            fixed rate           fixed rate          fixed rate            fixed rate             fixed rate




                                                                                                                                                          Other information
Principal amount                 £750m                £500m                 $500m             £700m                 £600m                   £300m
Issue datei             1 October 2018       1 October 2018        1 October 2018        16 December            9 June 2015             8 July 2019
                                                                                       2013 (amended              (amended
                                                                                        10 June 2019)         10 June 2019)
Maturity date         20 October 2051 20 October 2068 20 October 2048                   19 December            20 July 2055           20 July 2049
                                                                                               2063
Callable at           20 October 2031 20 October 2048 20 October 2028     19 December                          20 July 2035      20 July 2024,
par at the             (and each semi- (and each semi- (and each semi- 2043 (and each                       (and each semi- 20 July 2029 (and
option of the           annual interest annual interest annual interest    semi-annual                       annual interest each semi-annual
Company from             payment date    payment date    payment date interest payment                        payment date interest payment
                            thereafter)     thereafter)     thereafter) date thereafter)                         thereafter) date thereafter)
Solvency II own                    Tier 2               Tier 2                Tier 2            Tier 2                Tier 2                 Tier 2
funds treatment

i   The subordinated notes were issued by Prudential plc rather than by the Company.

As at 31 December 2020, the principal amount of all subordinated liabilities is expected to be settled after more than 12 months
and accrued interest of £42m (2019: £41m) is expected to be settled within 12 months.

28.1.1 Movement in subordinated liabilities
The following table reconciles the movement in subordinated liabilities in the year:

                                                                                                                                   2020        2019
                                                                                                                                     £m         £m
At 1 January                                                                                                                      3,767             —
Fair value on initial recognition                                                                                                      —     3,789
Amortisation                                                                                                                        (23)            (9)
Foreign exchange movements                                                                                                           (15)       (13)
At 31 December                                                                                                                   3,729        3,767

                                                                                                  M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 227
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




28 Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings continued
The subordinated liabilities were recognised at fair value on initial recognition, however the cash received in respect of
these liabilities from Prudential plc was £3,219m. The difference was treated as a distribution in kind in accordance with the
requirements of Section 845 of the Companies Act 2006.
There were no repayments of principal on these loans during the year. The amortisation of premium on the loans based on an
effective interest rate and the foreign exchange movement on the translation of the subordinated liabilities denominated in US
dollar are both non-cash items.

28.2 Other borrowings
28.2.1 Operational borrowings attributable to shareholder-financed operations
                                                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                          2020          2019
                                                                                                                                            £m           £m
Other borrowings                                                                                                                           157          130
Total                                                                                                                                      157          130


Other borrowings included amounts for which repayment to the lender is contingent upon future surplus emerging from certain
contracts specified under the arrangement. The lender does not have recourse to any other assets of the Group and the liability
is not payable to the degree of shortfall.
In March 2019, the Group entered into revolving credit facilities of £1.5bn with several banks and financial institutions, and these
are due to mature in 2024. As at 31 December 2020, these remain undrawn.

28.2.2 Other borrowings attributable to the With-Profits Fund
                                                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                          2020          2019
                                                                                                                                            £m           £m
Non-recourse borrowings of consolidated investment fundsi                                                                               4,284         3,525
Bank loans and overdrafts                                                                                                                   26            38
Other borrowings                                                                                                                             71           39
Total                                                                                                                                   4,381         3,602

i   In all instances, the holders of the debt instruments issued by these subsidiaries and funds do not have recourse beyond the assets of these subsidiaries
    and funds. As at 31 December 2020, the non-recourse borrowings of consolidated investment funds includes £1,301m (2019: £1,422m) of debt
    instruments issued by a consolidated securitisation vehicle which are backed by a portfolio of mortgage loans (see Note 19 for further details).
    These debt instruments are carried at fair value through profit or loss, consistent with the underlying mortgage portfolio.

28.3 Maturity analysis
The following table sets out the remaining contractual maturity analysis of the Group’s other borrowings as recognised in the
consolidated statement of financial position:

                                                                                        Operational borrowings (£m)
                                                    Less than                                                                Over    No Stated
                                                       1 year   1 to 2 years 2 to 3 years 3 to 4 years 4 to 5 years       5 years     Maturity          Total
As at 31 December 2020                                      4             6             —            —           17             6          124           157
As at 31 December 2019i                                   35              —             —            —             —            3           92          130

                                                                           Borrowings attributable to the With-Profits Fund (£m)
                                                    Less than                                                                Over    No Stated
                                                       1 year   1 to 2 years 2 to 3 years 3 to 4 years 4 to 5 years       5 years     Maturity          Total
As at 31 December 2020                                   425          708           105           518          202        2,423               —       4,381
As at 31 December 2019                                   289          553           208           154          469         1,929              —       3,602

i   The contractual maturities of subordinated liabilities and other borrowings on an undiscounted cash flow basis, as reported in the 31 December 2019
    Annual Report and Accounts, have been restated due to better information being available




228 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
29 Lease liabilities
The Group leases various land and buildings to utilise as office space. Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee
is presented below.



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020        2019
                                                                                                                       £m         £m
At 1 January                                                                                                         360            316
Additions                                                                                                              18             56
Disposals                                                                                                              (14)            –
Interest expense                                                                                                       14             13
Lease repayments                                                                                                      (24)          (25)
At 31 December                                                                                                        354         360


                                                                                                                                           Governance
                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020        2019
                                                                                                                       £m         £m
Expected to be settled within one year                                                                                 22             32
Expected to be settled after one year                                                                                332          328
Total lease liabilities                                                                                              354         360


As at 31 December 2020, £34m (2019: £49m) of the lease liabilities are attributable to the With-Profits Fund.




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
The table below presents a maturity analysis of lease payments showing the undiscounted lease payments to be paid on an
annual basis on these leases:

                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020        2019
                                                                                                                       £m         £m
Future minimum lease payments falling due in:
Less than 1 year                                                                                                       29           28
1 to 5 years                                                                                                          111           127
Over 5 years                                                                                                          277         310




                                                                                                                                           Other information
Some of the leases of office buildings contain lease break options exercisable by the Group. The Group assesses at the point
of lease commencement whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the option. This assertion is revisited if there is a material
change in circumstances.
The undiscounted value of lease payments beyond the break period which are not recognised in lease liabilities as at
31 December 2020 is £61m (2019: £61m).
The Group entered into a lease agreement in December 2020 for 20 years on an office building due to complete in 2022, which
will also be the lease commencement date. The undiscounted value of future lease payments in relation to this lease which have
not been recognised in lease liabilities as at 31 December 2020 are £29m.

30 Provisions
                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020        2019
                                                                                                                       £m         £m
Regulatory                                                                                                             50           101
Staff benefits                                                                                                        103         109
Restructuring                                                                                                          66             76
Other                                                                                                                  16           40
Total provisions                                                                                                     235          326




                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 229
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




30 Provisions continued

                                                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020         2019
                                                                                                                    £m          £m
At 1 January                                                                                                       326         512
Charged to consolidated income statement:
Additions during the year                                                                                          107         153
Unused amounts released                                                                                            (26)         (32)
Used during the year                                                                                              (172)       (307)
At 31 December                                                                                                     235         326


Regulatory provisions in relation to annuity sales practices
Regulatory provisions includes a provision for the review of past annuity sales of £49m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £100m).
PAC has agreed with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) to review annuities sold without advice after 1 July 2008 to its
contract-based defined contribution pension customers, and this review is now complete. In addition, PAC has been conducting
a review of other similar but separate groups of annuities sold after 1 July 2008 which were outside the scope of the original
review. The review is examining whether customers were given sufficient information about their potential eligibility to purchase
an enhanced annuity, either from PAC or another pension provider. The ultimate amount that will be expended by PAC on the
review will remain uncertain until the project is completed. The key assumptions underlying the provision are the average cost
of redress per customer and the operational cost of performing the review per customer. An increase in the average cost of
redress per customer for outstanding cases of 10% would result in the provision recognised increasing by £4m. An increase in
the total operational cost of performing the reviews of 20% would result in the provision recognised increasing by £4m. In 2018,
PAC agreed with its professional indemnity insurers that they will meet £166m of claims costs relating to the original review.
Payments were received as quarterly instalments with the final payment received in early 2020.

Staff benefits
Staff benefits primarily relates to performance-related bonuses expected to be paid to staff over the next three years.

Restructuring
Included in restructuring provisions is £61m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £76m) related to change in control costs arising from
the Demerger in 2019, which were expected to be incurred within four years of the separation from Prudential plc. The remaining
£9m (2019: £nil) restructuring provisions are in relation to redundancy costs.

31 Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities
                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020         2019
                                                                                                                    £m          £m
Outstanding purchases of investment securities                                                                   2,169       2,907
Accruals and deferred income                                                                                     1,317       1,447
Deferred consideration                                                                                             411         390
Deposits received from reinsurers                                                                                 344          231
Creditors arising from insurance operations                                                                        186         192
Interest payable                                                                                                    69          66
Creation of units awaiting settlement                                                                               43              41
Property-related creditors                                                                                          16              18
Other                                                                                                              736         629
Total accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                                            5,291       5,921
Analysed as:
Expected to be settled within one year                                                                          4,243        4,941
Expected to be settled after one year                                                                            1,048         980
Total accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                                            5,291       5,921


32 Structured entities
Structured entities are those that have been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who
controls the entity. The Group invests in structured entities such as:
– Pooled investment vehicles, including OEICs, unit trusts, SICAVs and limited partnerships.


230 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
32 Structured entities continued
– Debt securitisation vehicles, including collateralised debt obligations, mortgage-backed securities and other similar asset-
  backed securities.



                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
Structured entities which the Group is deemed to control are consolidated in the consolidated financial statements. As at
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group has not provided, and has no intention to provide, non-contractual financial
or other support to consolidated or unconsolidated structured entities that could expose the Group to a loss.

32.1 Investments in unconsolidated structured entities
The table below shows aggregate carrying amounts of the investments in unconsolidated structured entities reported in the
consolidated statement of financial position:

                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020        2019
                                                                                                                       £m         £m



                                                                                                                                          Governance
Statement of financial position line item:
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                                                     11,549       11,086
Debt securities                                                                                                     3,180       3,527
Total                                                                                                             14,729       14,613


The Group generates returns and retains the ownership risks in these investments commensurate to its participation and does
not have any further exposure to the residual risks or losses of the investments or the vehicles in which it holds investments.
Further details on risks associated with financial assets and how they are managed are provided in Note 34.




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
Included in equity securities and pooled investment funds as at 31 December 2020 were £4,934m (2019: £3,744m) of investments
in structured entities managed by the Group. Investment management fees for the year ended 31 December 2020 of £475m
(2019: £600m) were recognised from managing these entities.
The maximum exposure to loss for unconsolidated structured entities in which the Group holds an investment is the carrying
value of the Group’s investment and the loss of future fees.
The Group also has interests in structured entities managed by the Group in which it holds no investment through the collection
of investment management fees. The maximum exposure to loss for these interests is loss of future fees.
Investment management fees recognised for the year ended 31 December 2020 from managing these entities were £251m
(2019: £188m).




                                                                                                                                          Other information
33 Fair value methodology
33.1 Determination of fair value hierarchy
The fair values of assets and liabilities for which fair valuation is required under IFRS are determined by the use of current market
bid prices for exchange-quoted investments, by using quotations from independent third parties such as brokers and pricing
services, or by using appropriate valuation techniques. Fair value is the amount for which an asset could be exchanged or a
liability settled in an arm’s length transaction.
To provide further information on the approach used to determine and measure the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, the
following fair value hierarchy categorisation has been used. This hierarchy is based on the inputs to the fair value measurement
and reflects the lowest level input that is significant to that measurement.

Level 1 – quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
Level 1 principally includes exchange-listed equities, mutual funds with quoted prices, exchange-traded derivatives such as
futures and options, and national government bonds, unless there is evidence that trading in a given instrument is so infrequent
that the market could not be considered active. It also includes other financial instruments where there is clear evidence that the
year-end valuation is based on a traded price in an active market.

Level 2 – inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly
(i.e. derived from prices)
Level 2 principally includes corporate bonds and other national and non-national government debt securities which are valued
using observable inputs, together with over-the-counter derivatives such as forward exchange contracts and non-quoted
investment funds valued with observable inputs. It also includes investment contract liabilities without DPF that are valued using
observable inputs.

Level 3 – significant inputs for the asset or liability are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs)
Level 3 principally includes investments in private equity funds, directly held investment properties and investments in property
funds which are exposed to bespoke properties or risks and investments which are internally valued or subject to a significant
number of unobservable assumptions. It also includes debt securities which are rarely traded or traded only in privately
negotiated transactions and hence where it is difficult to assert that their valuations have been based on observable market data.

                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 231
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




33 Fair value methodology continued
33.2 Valuation approach for level 2 assets and liabilities
A significant proportion of the Group’s level 2 assets are corporate bonds, structured securities and other non-national
government debt securities. These assets, in line with market practice, are generally valued using independent pricing services
or quotes from third-party brokers. These valuations are subject to a number of monitoring controls, such as monthly price
variances, stale price reviews and variance analysis on prices achieved on subsequent trades.
Pricing services, where available, are used to obtain third-party broker quotes. When prices are not available from pricing
services, quotes are sourced directly from brokers. The Group seeks to obtain a number of quotes from different brokers so as to
obtain the most comprehensive information available on their executability. Where quotes are sourced directly from brokers, the
price used in the valuation is normally selected from one of the quotes based on a number of factors, including the timeliness and
regularity of the quotes and the accuracy of the quotes considering the spreads provided. The selected quote is the one which
best represents an executable quote for the security at the measurement date.

33.3 Level 3 assets and liabilities
33.3.1 Valuation approach for level 3
Investments valued using valuation techniques include financial investments which by nature do not have an externally quoted
price based on regular trades, and financial investments for which markets are no longer active as a result of market conditions
e.g., market illiquidity. The valuation techniques used include comparison to recent arm’s length transactions, reference to other
instruments that are substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis, option-adjusted spread models and, if applicable,
enterprise valuation. These techniques may include a number of assumptions relating to variables such as credit risk and interest
rates. Changes in assumptions relating to these variables could positively or negatively impact the reported fair value of these
instruments. When determining the inputs into the valuation techniques used priority is given to publicly available prices from
independent sources when available, but overall the source of pricing is chosen with the objective of arriving at a fair value
measurement that reflects the price at which an orderly transaction would take place between market participants on the
measurement date.
Where certain debt securities are valued using broker quotes, adjustments may be required in limited circumstances. This is
generally where it is determined that the third-party valuations obtained do not reflect fair value (e.g. either because the value is
stale and/or the values are extremely diverse in range). These are usually securities which are distressed or that could be subject
to a debt restructure or where reliable market prices are no longer available due to an inactive market or market dislocation.
In these instances, prices are derived using internal valuation techniques including those described below with the objective
of arriving at a fair value measurement that reflects the price at which an orderly transaction would take place between market
participants on the measurement date. The techniques used require a number of assumptions relating to variables such as credit
risk and interest rates. Examples of such variables include an average credit spread based on the corporate bond universe and
the relevant duration of the asset being valued. The input assumptions are determined based on the best available information at
the measurement dates. Securities valued in such manner are classified as level 3 where these significant inputs are not based
on observable market data.
Certain debt securities were valued using matrix pricing, which is based on assessing the credit quality of the underlying
borrower and allocating an internal credit rating which is unobservable. The internal credit rating implicitly incorporates ESG
considerations through the analysts views of the industry and issuer. Under matrix pricing, these debt securities are priced by
taking the credit spreads on comparable quoted public debt securities and applying these to the equivalent debt securities,
factoring in a specified liquidity premium. The selection of comparable quoted public debt securities used to determine the
credit spread is based on a credit spread matrix that takes into account the internal credit rating, maturity and currency of the
debt security.
The fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based upon any available market information and judgements about
the financial instruments, including estimates of the timing and amount of expected future cash flows and the credit standing
of counterparties. Such estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time
a significant volume of a particular financial instrument, nor do they consider the tax impact of the realisation of unrealised
gains or losses from selling the financial instrument being fair valued. In some cases, the disclosed value cannot be realised in
immediate settlement of the financial instrument. In accordance with the Group Risk Framework, the estimated fair value of
derivative financial instruments valued internally using standard market practices are subject to assessment against external
counterparties’ valuations.
As at 31 December 2020, the Group held £40,251m of assets, net of liabilities, at fair value which were classified as level 3 within
the fair value hierarchy (2019: £38,904m). This included £1,366m of loans (2019: £1,462m) and corresponding borrowings of
£1,301m (2019: £1,422m) held by a subsidiary of the Group, attaching to a portfolio of buy-to-let mortgages financed largely by
external third-party (non-recourse) borrowings (see Note 19 for further details). The Group’s exposure to this portfolio is limited
to the investments held by the With-Profits Fund. The fair value movements of these loans and borrowings have no effect on
shareholders’ profit and equity. The most significant non-observable inputs to the mortgage fair value are the level of future
defaults and prepayments by the mortgage holders.




232 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
33 Fair value methodology continued
The investment properties of the Group are externally valued by professionally qualified external valuers using the RICS valuation
standards. The Group’s investment properties are predominantly valued using an income capitalisation technique. This technique



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
calculates the value through the yield and rental value depending on factors such as the lease length, building quality, covenants
and location. Typically these variables used are compared to recent transactions with similar features to those being valued.
The valuation of investment property inherently captures the impact of climate change if it were located in an area subject
to climate change events. The key inputs of yield and rental value are proxies for a range of factors which will include climate
change. It is evident from recent transactions that the most recently constructed and greener buildings are achieving the highest
rents and lowest yields.
As the comparisons are not with properties that are virtually identical to the Group’s investment properties, adjustments are
made by the valuers where appropriate to the variables used.

33.3.2 Analysis of internally valued level 3 financial instruments
Level 3 financial assets, net of financial liabilities, which were internally valued as at 31 December 2020 were £11,672m


                                                                                                                                           Governance
(2019: £11,207m), representing 7.9% of the total fair-valued financial assets net of financial liabilities (2019: 7.3%).
Internal valuations are inherently more subjective than external valuations. These internally valued assets and liabilities primarily
consist of the following items:
– Debt securities of £11,149m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £10,187m), of which £9,725m (2019: £9,246m) were valued using
  discounted cash flow models with an internally developed discount rate. The remaining debt securities were valued using other
  valuation methodologies such as enterprise valuation and estimated recovery (such as liquidators’ reports).
– Private equity investments in both debt and equity securities of £315m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £548m), of which
  investments of £315m (2019: £357m) were valued internally using a discounted cash flow model. The most significant inputs




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
  to the valuation are the forecast cash flows of the underlying business, internally derived discount rate, and terminal value
  assumption, all of which involve significant judgement. The valuation is performed in accordance with International Private
  Equity and Venture Capital Association valuation guidelines. These investments are held by the Group’s consolidated private
  equity infrastructure funds.
– Equity release mortgage loans of £1,777m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £1,737m) and a corresponding liability of £409m
  (2019: £390m), which were valued internally using discounted cash flow models. The inputs that are most significant to the
  valuation of these loans are the internally derived discount rate, the current property value, the assumed future property
  growth and the assumed future annual property rental yields. During 2019, there was a change to the deferment rate
  assumption which resulted in an increase in assumed property values at redemption, however, during 2020, the assumed
  future property growth assumption has been adjusted to make allowance for the expected short-term dynamics in the
  residential property market, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.




                                                                                                                                           Other information
– Liabilities of £1,407m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £1,135m), for the third-party interest in consolidated funds in respect of
  the consolidated investment funds, which are non-recourse to the Group. These liabilities were valued by reference to the
  underlying assets.

33.3.3 Governance of level 3 valuations
The Group’s valuation policies, procedures and analyses for instruments categorised as level 3 are overseen by business unit
committees as part of the Group’s wider financial reporting governance processes. The procedures undertaken include approval
of valuation methodologies, verification processes, and resolution of significant or complex valuation issues. In undertaking these
activities, the Group makes use of the extensive expertise of its asset management function. In addition, the Group has minimum
standards for independent price verification to ensure valuation accuracy is regularly independently verified. Adherence to this
policy is monitored across the business units.




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 233
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




33 Fair value methodology continued
33.4 Fair value hierarchy for assets measured at fair value in the consolidated statement of financial position
The tables below present the Group’s assets measured at fair value by level of the fair value hierarchy for each component
of business as set out in Note 34.

                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                        Level 1       Level 2    Level 3      Total
                                                                                           £m            £m         £m          £m
With-profits:
Investment property                                                                          —             —     17,167     17,167
Loans                                                                                        —             —      1,443      1,443
Derivative assets                                                                          112        4,698           —     4,810
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                         43,920          3,560       7,562    55,042
Debt securities                                                                        19,443       30,563        5,637    55,643
Total with-profits                                                                     63,475        38,821     31,809     134,105
Unit-linked:
Investment property                                                                          —             —       409        409
Derivative assets                                                                            3             5          —          8
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                          11,941           349        889      13,179
Debt securities                                                                         2,633         5,868           5     8,506
Total unit-linked                                                                      14,577         6,222       1,303     22,102
Annuity and other long-term business:
Investment property                                                                          —             —      1,530      1,530
Loans                                                                                        —             —      1,777      1,777
Derivative assets                                                                            —          778           —       778
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                                2             —          2          4
Debt securities                                                                          3,141       10,191      6,942     20,274
Total annuity and other long-term business                                              3,143        10,969      10,251    24,363
Other:
Derivative assets                                                                            —          109           —       109
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                             189              –          5       194
Debt securities                                                                           801           215           —      1,016
Total other                                                                               990           324           5      1,319
Group:
Investment property                                                                          —             —     19,106     19,106
Loans                                                                                        —             —     3,220      3,220
Derivative assets                                                                         115         5,590           —     5,705
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                          56,052         3,909      8,458     68,419
Debt securities                                                                        26,018        46,837     12,584     85,439
Total assets at fair value                                                             82,185       56,336      43,368     181,889




234 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
33 Fair value methodology continued

                                                            As at 31 December 2019




                                                                                                Strategic Report
                                                  Level 1      Level 2     Level 3      Total
                                                     £m           £m          £m         £m
With-profits:
Investment property                                    —             —     17,039     17,039
Loans                                                  —             —      1,602      1,602
Derivative assets                                    67        3,225             —     3,292
Equity securities and pooled investment funds   48,532          2,219       7,154     57,905
Debt securities                                  21,913       28,430       5,008      55,351
Total with-profits                               70,512       33,874      30,803     135,189
Unit-linked:


                                                                                                Governance
Investment property                                    —             —        453       453
Derivative assets                                      3            3            —         6
Equity securities and pooled investment funds   12,968            352         987     14,307
Debt securities                                   2,382        5,908             —    8,290
Total unit-linked                                15,353        6,263        1,440    23,056
Annuity and other long-term business:
Investment property                                    —             —      1,644      1,644
Loans                                                  —             —      1,737      1,737




                                                                                                Financial information
Derivative assets                                      —         603             —      603
Equity securities and pooled investment funds        27              —          2        29
Debt securities                                   4,361         9,810       6,207    20,378
Total annuity and other long-term business       4,388         10,413      9,590      24,391
Other:
Derivative assets                                      —           61            —        61
Equity securities and pooled investment funds       129              —         18        147
Debt securities                                    880           535             —     1,415
Total other                                       1,009          596           18      1,623
Group:



                                                                                                Other information
Investment property                                    —             —     19,136     19,136
Loans                                                  —             —      3,339      3,339
Derivative assets                                    70        3,892             —     3,962
Equity securities and pooled investment funds    61,656         2,571       8,161    72,388
Debt securities                                 29,536        44,683       11,215    85,434
Total assets at fair value                       91,262        51,146      41,851    184,259




                                                M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 235
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




33 Fair value methodology continued
33.5 Fair value hierarchy for liabilities measured at fair value in the consolidated statement of financial position
The tables below present the Group’s liabilities measured at fair value by level of the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                        As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                             Level 1       Level 2        Level 3        Total
                                                                                                £m            £m             £m            £m
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features                       —       15,547                  —   15,547
Third-party interest in consolidated funds                                                    7,972        3,886           1,407       13,265
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                                      —              —        1,301        1,301
Derivative liabilities                                                                           37         3,423                  —   3,460
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                                    —              —         409          409
Total liabilities at fair value                                                              8,009        22,856           3,117       33,982

                                                                                                        As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                              Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total
                                                                                                 £m            £m            £m           £m
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features                       —       15,651                  —   15,651
Third-party interest in consolidated funds                                                   6,897          3,611           1,135      11,643
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                                      —              —        1,422        1,422
Derivative liabilities                                                                           32         2,172                  —    2,204
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                                    —              —          390         390
Total liabilities at fair value                                                              6,929         21,434          2,947       31,310


33.6 Transfers between levels
The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of levels as at the end of each half year reporting period, except
for material transfers, which are recognised as of the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.
Transfers are deemed to have occurred when there is a material change in the observed valuation inputs or a change in the level
of trading activities of the securities.

                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                           Transfers between levels
                                                                                                       Equity
                                                                                                    securities
                                                                                                   and pooled
                                                                                                  investment              Debt
                                                                                                        funds         securities         Total
                                                                                                           £m                £m            £m
From level 1 to level 2                                                                                       —         8,200          8,200
From level 1 to level 3                                                                                      7                —             7
From level 2 to level 1                                                                                       —         3,930          3,930
From level 2 to level 3                                                                                     84             439           523
From level 3 to level 2                                                                                       —            202           202

                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                           Transfers between levels
                                                                                                        Equity
                                                                                                     securities
                                                                                                   and pooled
                                                                                                   investment             Debt
                                                                                                         funds        securities         Total
                                                                                                            £m               £m           £m
From level 1 to level 2                                                                                  1,263             672          1,935
From level 1 to level 3                                                                                   465                 —          465
From level 2 to level 1                                                                                       —         15,357         15,357
From level 2 to level 3                                                                                       —              35            35
From level 3 to level 2                                                                                       —            944           944




236 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
33 Fair value methodology continued
33.7 Reconciliation of movements in level 3 assets and liabilities




                                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
The movements during the year of level 3 assets and liabilities held at fair value, excluding assets and liabilities held for sale, are
analysed in the tables below:

                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                               Total gains/
                                   (losses)
                                  recorded                                        Transfer                                      Transfers
                                 in income  Foreign                             to held for                       Transfers         out of
                       At 1 Jan statement exchange          Purchases     Sales       sale     Settled    Issued into level 3      level 3 At 31 Dec
Level 3 assets:             £m          £m      £m                £m        £m          £m         £m        £m          £m           £m          £m
Investment
property               19,136          (752)        234          874       (281)      (105)          —         —           —            —     19,106
Loans                  3,339             36            —           9        (45)          —      (119)         —           —            —      3,220


                                                                                                                                                         Governance
Equity securities
and portfolio
holdings in unit
trusts                  8,161          (141)          78       1,033      (764)           —          —         —          91            —      8,458
Debt securities        11,215        1,038             4       1,365     (1,296)          —          —        21        439        (202) 12,584
Total level 3
assets                 41,851           181         316        3,281    (2,386)       (105)      (119)        21        530        (202) 43,368
Level 3 liabilities:
Third-party




                                                                                                                                                         Financial information
interest in
consolidated
funds                   1,135            39            —           –          –           —      (486)      719            —            —      1,407
Borrowings and
subordinated
liabilities             1,422              —           —           —           —          —      (121)         —           —            —      1,301
Other liabilities        390             26            —           —           —          —        (7)         —           —            —        409
Total level 3
liabilities             2,947            65            —           —           —          —      (614)      719            —            —       3,117

                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                                                                                         Other information
                                Total gains/
                                     (losses)
                                   recorded                                        Transfer                                     Transfers
                                  in income       Foreign                        to held for                      Transfers         out of
                       At 1 Jan statement       exchange    Purchases      Sales       sale    Settled    Issued into level 3      level 3   At 31 Dec
Level 3 assets:             £m            £m          £m          £m         £m         £m         £m         £m         £m           £m            £m
Investment
property               18,003          (859)          32       2,333       (224)       (149)         —         —           —            —     19,136
Loans                   3,281           147            —         120       (207)          —         (2)        —           —            —      3,339
Equity securities
and portfolio
holdings in unit
trusts                  6,952           262          (47)      1,558     (1,022)          —         (7)        —        465             —       8,161
Debt securities        12,192           693          (16)        689     (1,467)          —          —       33          35         (944)      11,215
Total level 3
assets                 40,428           243          (31)      4,700     (2,920)       (149)        (9)      33         500         (944)     41,851
Level 3 liabilities:
Third-party
interest in
consolidated
funds                   1,028           (59)           —           —           —          —      (142)      308            —            —       1,135
Borrowings and
subordinated
liabilities             1,606              —           —           —           —          —      (184)         —           —            —      1,422
Other liabilities         355             41           —           —           —          —         (6)        —           —            —        390
Total level 3
liabilities             2,989            (18)          —           —           —          —      (332)      308            —            —      2,947




                                                                                                     M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 237
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




33 Fair value methodology continued
33.8 Unrealised gains and losses in respect of level 3 assets and liabilities
Unrealised gains and losses recognised in the consolidated income statement in respect of assets and liabilities classified as
level 3 that are held at the end of the year are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                                                       For the year ended
                                                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                                                                         2020           2019
                                                                                                                                           £m            £m
Investment property                                                                                                                      (769)          (857)
Loans                                                                                                                                       32           147
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                                                                            (550)           282
Debt securities                                                                                                                         1,030             711
Third-party interest in consolidated funds                                                                                                (183)          (48)
Other financial liabilities                                                                                                                 26              41
Total                                                                                                                                     (414)          276


33.9 Sensitivity of the fair value of level 3 instruments to changes in significant inputs
Where possible, the Group assesses the sensitivity of the fair values of level 3 assets to reasonable possible changes in significant
unobservable inputs.

33.9.1 Investment property
As at 31 December 2020, the Group held £19,106m (2019: £19,136m) of investment property, excluding investment property held
for sale, which is all held at fair value and is classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The most significant unobservable
inputs in determining the fair value for £17,790m (2019: £17,389m) of these properties, are the equivalent yield and estimated
rental value. As at 31 December 2020, £1,914m (2019: £2,073m) of these properties are held in the shareholder-backed funds.
The sensitivity of the fair value of these properties to these inputs, and the impact on IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’
equity, is presented below:

                                                                        As at 31 December 2020                          As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                          Impact on IFRS                                     Impact on IFRS
                                                                                       profit after tax and                               profit after tax and
                                                                Change in fair value shareholders’ equity       Change in fair value    shareholders’ equity
    Unobservable input          Sensitivity                                      £m                     £m                       £m                         £m
Equivalent yield                Decrease by 50bps                            2,078                    192                    2,110                       197
                                Increase by 50bps     i
                                                                            (1,733)                  (154)                   (1,315)                     (161)
Estimated rental value          Decrease by 10%                             (1,476)                   (89)                  (1,334)                      (95)
                                Increase by 10%                              1,417                     90                    1,427                       103

i     The sensitivity as reported in the 31 December 2019 Annual Report and Accounts has been restated due to better information being available.

As at 31 December 2020, investment property also included properties under development and other properties amounting to
£1,316m, (2019: £1,747m) for which the above approach for assessing sensitivity is not considered to be appropriate. For such
properties, the Group has determined that the unobservable input is the fair value itself, therefore, sensitivity has been assessed
by applying a 10% premium/discount to the valuation. As at 31 December 2020, £25m (2019: £24m) of properties under
development are held in the shareholder-backed funds.
The sensitivity of the fair value of these properties to this input, and the impact on IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity,
is presented below:

                                                                        As at 31 December 2020                          As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                          Impact on IFRS                                     Impact on IFRS
                                                                                       profit after tax and                               profit after tax and
                                                                Change in fair value shareholders’ equity       Change in fair value    shareholders’ equity
    Unobservable input          Sensitivity                                      £m                     £m                       £m                         £m
Premium/discount                Increase by 10%                                132                       2                     175                          2
                                Decrease by 10%                               (132)                     (2)                    (175)                        (2)


33.9.2 Loans held at fair value
As at 31 December 2020, the Group held £3,220m (2019: £3,339m) of loans at fair value, which were all classified as level 3 in
the fair value hierarchy. Of these loans, £1,777m (2019: £1,737m) were equity-release mortgage loans (ERMs). The ERMs have a
no-negative equity guarantee (NNEG) that caps the loan repayment in the event of death, or entry into long-term care, to be no
greater than the proceeds from the sale of the property that the loans are secured against.
238 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
33 Fair value methodology continued
The ERMs are valued using a discounted cash flow model. Future cash flows are estimated based on assumptions, including
prepayment, death and entry into long-term care, and discounted using an appropriate discount rate. The NNEG is based on



                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
a Black-Scholes option pricing valuation, using assumptions including the current property value, future property growth and
property rental yields, and is recognised as a deduction to the value of the loan.
The most significant unobservable inputs relate to the discount rate, the current property value, the assumed future property
growth and the assumed future annual property rental yield. All ERMs are held within the shareholder-backed funds.
The sensitivity of the fair value of the ERMs to inputs is as follows:
(i)   An increase of 50bps in the discount rate would decrease the fair value of the loans by £155m (2019: decrease of £153m)
      and decrease IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity by £127m (2019: decrease of £125m). A decrease of 50bps in
      the discount rate would increase the fair value by £172m (2019: increase of £171m) and increase IFRS profit after tax and
      shareholders’ equity by £141m (2019: increase of £140m).
(ii) An increase of 10% in the current property value would increase the fair value of the loans by £50m (2019: increase of £48m)

                                                                                                                                          Governance
     and increase IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity by £41m (2019: increase of £39m). A decrease of 10% in the
     current property value would decrease the fair value of the loans by £59m (2019: decrease of £57m) and decrease IFRS profit
     after tax and shareholders’ equity by £48m (2019: decrease of £47m).
(iii) An increase of 100bps in the assumed future annual property growth rate would increase the fair value of the loans by
      £154m (2019: increase of £151m) and increase IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity by £126m (2019: increase of
      £123m). A decrease of 100bps in the assumed future annual property growth rate would decrease the fair value of the loans
      by £215m (2019: decrease of £213m) and decrease IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity by £176m (2019: decrease
      of £174m).




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
(iv) An increase of 100bps in the assumed future annual property rental yield would decrease the fair value of the loans by £94m
     (2019: decrease of £94m) and decrease IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity by £77m (2019: decrease of £77m).
     A decrease of 100bps in the assumed future annual property rental yield would increase the fair value of the loans by £91m
     (2019: increase of £91m) and increase IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity by £74m (2019: increase of £74m).
As at 31 December 2020, in addition to the ERMs, the Group also held other mortgage and retail loans at fair value amounting
to £1,443m (2019: £1,602m) which are valued using broker quotes received from an external pricing service. For such loans, the
Group has determined that the unobservable input is the fair value itself, therefore, sensitivity has been assessed by applying a
reasonable discount/premium to the valuation. An increase/decrease of 10% in the fair value of these loans would result in a fair
value increase/decrease of £144m (2019: £160m). Other mortgages and retail loans held at fair value are within the With-Profits
Fund and therefore valuation sensitivities do not impact IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity.




                                                                                                                                          Other information
33.9.3 Other financial assets
As at 31 December 2020, the Group also held £21,042m (2019: £19,376m) of investments in debt and equity instruments which
are classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

33.9.3.1 Equity securities and pooled investment funds
As at 31 December 2020, the Group held £8,458m (2019: £8,161m) of equity and pooled investment fund investments classified
as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. These investments predominantly comprise interests in partnerships, venture capital funds
and private equity funds as well as unlisted property investment vehicles.
Of these investments, £8,377m (2019: £7,993m) are valued using net asset statements. A 10% increase in the net asset value of
these investments would increase their fair value by £838m (2019: increase of £799m); a decrease of 10% would have an equal,
but opposite, effect. As at 31 December 2020, £896m (2019: £1,007m) of these investments are held within the shareholder-
backed funds, a 10% increase/decrease in the net asset value of those investments would result in a £73m (2019: £82m) impact
on IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity.
The remaining £81m (2019: £168m) related to equity investments held by the Group’s consolidated private equity infrastructure
funds and are further described below.

33.9.3.2 Infrastructure fund investments
As at 31 December 2020, £315m (2019: £357m) of other financial assets related to debt and equity investments held by the
Group’s consolidated private equity infrastructure funds are classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. These investments are
valued in accordance with the International Private Equity and Venture Association valuation guidelines (latest edition December
2018). The methodology applied is a discounted cash flow approach using future expected cash flows. These cash flows include
dividends due in respect of the equity investments and principal and interest from loan notes in respect of debt investments.
The most significant inputs to the valuations are the forecast cash flows of the underlying business and the discount rates
applied. Valuations are also benchmarked against comparable infrastructure transactions. An increase in the discount rate
applied of 10% decreases the valuation of these investments by £36m (2019: decrease of £43m). A decrease in the discount
rate applied of 10% increases the valuation of these asset by £41m (2019: increase of £52m).
The infrastructure funds are held within the With-Profits Fund and therefore sensitivity movements have no impact on IFRS
profit after tax and shareholders’ equity.
                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 239
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




33 Fair value methodology continued
33.9.3.3 Debt securities
As at 31 December 2020, the Group held £12,584m (2019: £11,215m) of debt securities classified as level 3 in the fair value
hierarchy. These investments mainly comprise investments in private placement loans, income strips and unquoted corporate
bonds. In addition, the Group’s consolidated private equity infrastructure funds held £234m (2019: £189m) of debt securities
classified as level 3 as described above.
As at 31 December 2020, the Group held £9,298m (2019: £8,868m) of private placement loans which are secured on various
assets and are valued using a discounted cash flow model. The discount rate is made up of a risk-free rate and a credit spread.
The risk-free rate is taken from an appropriate gilt of comparable duration and the spread is taken from a basket of comparable
securities. The valuations are sensitive to movements in the discount rate applied. An increase of 85bps in the discount rate
would decrease the fair value of the private placement loans by £1,105m (2019: decrease of £690m) and a decrease of 85bps
would increase the fair value by £1,378m (2019: increase of £947m). As at 31 December 2020, £5,521m (2019: £5,887m) of private
placement loans were held in the shareholder-backed funds. An increase of 85bps in the discount rate would decrease IFRS
profit after tax and shareholders’ equity by £597m (2019: decrease of £494m) and a decrease of 85bps would increase IFRS profit
after tax and shareholders’ equity by £751m (2019: increase of £639m).
Also included within debt securities classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy as at 31 December 2020 are income strips with
a fair value of £427m (2019: £378m). The income strips are valued using a discounted cash flow model where the discount rate
is made up of a risk-free rate and a spread. The risk-free rate is taken from an appropriate gilt of comparable duration and the
spread is taken from a basket of comparable securities. The valuations are sensitive to movements in the discount rate applied.
An increase of 50bps in the discount rate used would decrease the fair value of the income strips by £47m (2019: decrease
of £38m) and a decrease of 50bps would increase the fair value of the income strips by £60m (2019: increase of £47m). As at
31 December 2020, £362m (2019: £320m) of income strips were held in the shareholder-backed funds. An increase of 50bps
in the discount rate would decrease IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity by £33m (2019: decrease of £27m) and a
decrease of 50bps would increase IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity by £42m (2019: increase of £33m).
As at 31 December 2020, the remaining £2,625m (2019: £1,780m) of debt securities classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy
are unquoted corporate bonds which are valued using valuation techniques including broker quotes, enterprise valuation and
estimated recovery (such as liquidators’ reports). For such instruments, the Group has determined that the unobservable input
is the fair value itself, therefore, sensitivity has been assessed by applying a reasonable discount/premium to the valuation.
An increase/decrease of 10% would result in the fair value of these bonds increasing/decreasing by £263m (2019: £178m). As at
31 December 2020, £1,058m (2019: nil) of unquoted corporate bonds were held in the shareholder-backed funds. An increase/
decrease of 10% would result in an increase/decrease of IFRS profit after tax and shareholders equity of £86m (2019: nil).

33.10 Fair value of assets and liabilities at amortised cost
The tables below show the assets and liabilities carried at amortised cost on the statement of financial position for which fair
value is disclosed. The assets and liabilities that are carried at amortised cost, where the carrying value approximates the fair
value, are excluded from the analysis below:

                                                                                              As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                                  Total fair   carrying
                                                                                Level 1     Level 2    Level 3       value        value
                                                                                   £m          £m         £m            £m          £m
Assets:
Loans                                                                                 —       710       2,193       2,903        2,811
Liabilities:
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                         —     7,094          94          7,188    6,966

                                                                                              As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                                  Total fair   carrying
                                                                                 Level 1    Level 2     Level 3      value        value
                                                                                    £m         £m          £m           £m          £m
Assets:
Loans                                                                                 —       773       1,934          2,707     2,615
Liabilities:
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                         —     5,902          85          5,987    6,077


The estimated fair value of subordinated liabilities are based on the quoted market offer price. The fair value of the other
assets and liabilities in the tables above have been estimated from the discounted cash flows expected to be received or paid.
Where appropriate, an observable market interest rate has been used and the assets and liabilities are classified within level 2.
Otherwise, they are included as level 3 assets or liabilities.


240 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis
34.1 Risk overview




                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
The Group’s business involves the acceptance and management of risk. The Group’s risk management process is governed by
the Risk Management Framework (RMF). The RMF has been designed to identify, assess, measure, manage, monitor and report
on the principal risks of the Group. Risk management is designed to increase the Group’s understanding of the risks inherent in
the business, improve decision-making and prevent the Group from failing to achieve its business objectives, including delivery
of fair customer outcomes.
The RMF is codified through risk policies and business standards which set out the management framework for key risk types,
including risk appetite, and minimum standards for the Group’s operations. To ensure completeness and consistency when
comparing risk information across the Group, a common methodology for categorising risk has been adopted.
Risk appetite is the amount and type of risk that is acceptable to the Group, as determined by the Board, and is a function of the
Group’s strategic and business objectives and its capital resources. Risk appetite therefore refers to the Group’s attitude towards
risk-taking and whether it is willing and able to tolerate either a high or a low level, or none of specific risks or risk groups. As a


                                                                                                                                               Governance
result, risk appetite has a central role in informing decision-making across the Group and assisting in the optimisation of return
on capital invested.
A number of risk factors affect the Group’s results and financial position. The financial risk categories affecting the Group’s
financial instruments and insurance assets and liabilities are set out below:

Risk type            Definition
Market risk          The risk of loss or adverse change in the financial situation of the business or that of the Group’s customers
                     and clients resulting, directly or indirectly, from fluctuations in the level or volatility of market prices of assets
                     and liabilities.




                                                                                                                                               Financial information
Credit risk          The risk of loss or adverse change in the financial situation of the business, or that of the Group’s customers
                     and clients, resulting from fluctuations in the credit standing of issuers of securities, counterparties and any
                     debtors in the form of default or other significant credit event, such as downgrade or spread widening.
Demographic risk     The risk of loss for the Group, or of adverse change in the financial situation of the business, resulting from
                     changes in the level, trend or volatility of a number of demographic risk drivers. These include:
                     – Mortality/longevity risk: the risk of loss, the inability to meet contractual or other liabilities, and/or profit
                       volatility resulting from adverse mortality and/or longevity experience compared to that estimated within
                       pricing, underwriting and valuation.
                     – Morbidity risk: the risk of loss, the inability to meet contractual or other liabilities, and/or profit volatility
                       resulting from adverse morbidity experience compared to that estimated within pricing, underwriting
                       and valuation.



                                                                                                                                               Other information
                     – Persistency risk: the risk of loss, the inability to meet contractual or other liabilities, and/or profit volatility
                       resulting from an adverse persistency experience compared to that estimated within pricing and valuation.
Expense and         The risk of loss, the inability to meet contractual or other liabilities, and/or profit volatility resulting from
margin pricing risk adverse experience in expenses other than those estimated within pricing and valuation when considering
                    insurance contracts or funds under management.
Liquidity risk       Treasury liquidity risk is the risk of loss for the Group’s business, or of adverse changes in its financial
                     situation, resulting from the Group’s inability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet financial
                     obligations (for example, claims, creditors and planned dividends) as they fall due.
                     Fund liquidity risk is the risk of being unable to meet liabilities arising from a mismatch in liquidity of the
                     underlying assets and the frequency of liability requirements of the fund.


The Group’s exposure to risks arising from financial instruments and insurance assets and liabilities is different for each
component of the Group’s business. The Group’s consolidated statement of financial position is presented on the following page
for the different components of business.




                                                                                               M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 241
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
Analysis of consolidated statement of financial position by component of business
                                                                                             Shareholder-backed funds
                                                                                                         Annuity
                                                                                                       and other
                                                                                 With-                long-term
                                                                                profits Unit-linked     business    Other        Total
As at 31 December 2020                                                             £m           £m           £m       £m           £m
Assets:
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                    282            —           32     1,181       1,495
Deferred acquisition costs                                                           —           —          84           14       98
Investment in joint ventures and associates accounted for using
the equity method                                                                 421            —            —          35      456
Property, plant and equipment                                                    1,725           —          40          301    2,066
Investment property                                                             17,167        409        1,530            —    19,106
Defined benefit pension asset                                                       41           —            —          17       58
Deferred tax assets                                                                  —           —          39          69       108
Reinsurance assets                                                                 20         103       11,638            —    11,761
Loans                                                                            3,741           —       2,290            —     6,031
Derivative assets                                                                4,810           8         778          109     5,705
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                  55,042      13,179             4         194    68,419
Deposits                                                                        14,725      1,293         1,611           —    17,629
Debt securities                                                                55,643       8,506      20,274      1,016      85,439
Current tax assets                                                                204            —         194          20       418
Accrued investment income and other debtors                                      1,864        414          493          252    3,023
Assets held for sale                                                              120            —            —          18      138
Cash and cash equivalents                                                       4,442         258        1,041     1,035        6,776
Total assets                                                                   160,247     24,170      40,048      4,261      228,726
Liabilities:
Insurance contract liabilities                                                  41,172      4,987      30,491             —   76,650
Investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation features      79,592            —           31           —    79,623
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features         2     15,468            77           —    15,547
Unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund                                    15,621           —            —           —    15,621
Third-party interest in consolidated funds                                      9,930       3,318             9          8     13,265
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                    4,381           7         150     3,729        8,267
Defined benefit pension liability                                                  42            —          64          64       170
Deferred tax liabilities                                                          861            —          55            —      916
Current tax liabilities                                                              1          29         208           38      276
Derivative liabilities                                                           2,075           2       1,052          331    3,460
Lease liabilities                                                                  34            —           18         302      354
Other financial liabilities                                                      3,144           —         159          88      3,391
Provisions                                                                           9           —           81         145      235
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                 3,308         359        1,550           74     5,291
Liabilities held for sale                                                          75            —            —           —        75
Total liabilities                                                              160,247     24,170      33,945      4,779      223,141
Total equity                                                                                                                   5,585
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                  228,726




242 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued

                                                                                                   Shareholder-backed funds




                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                                                                                                               Annuity
                                                                                                             and other
                                                                                                            long-term
                                                                               With-profits   Unit-linked     business    Other        Total
As at 31 December 2019                                                                 £m             £m           £m       £m          £m
Assets:
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                        248              —          39      1,152       1,439
Deferred acquisition costs                                                               —             —          88           16       104
Investment in joint ventures and associates accounted for using
the equity method                                                                     486              —            —          38       524
Property, plant and equipment                                                        1,139             —           41         325     1,505
Investment property                                                                17,039           453        1,644            —    19,136

                                                                                                                                               Governance
Defined benefit pension asset                                                           29             —            —          48        77
Deferred tax assets                                                                      1             —          24           53        78
Reinsurance assets                                                                      26           116      11,816            —    11,958
Loans                                                                               3,709              —       2,245            —     5,954
Derivative assets                                                                   3,292              6         603           61     3,962
Equity securities and pooled investment funds                                     57,905        14,307            29          147    72,388
Deposits                                                                           11,930          1,311         980            —    14,221
Debt securities                                                                    55,351        8,290       20,378       1,415     85,434




                                                                                                                                               Financial information
Current tax assets                                                                     176             —         157           42       375
Accrued investment income and other debtors                                         1,565           533          507          318     2,923
Assets held for sale                                                                    31             —            —          88       119
Cash and cash equivalents                                                           4,056           198          819          973     6,046
Total assets                                                                     156,983         25,214      39,370       4,676     226,243
Liabilities:
Insurance contract liabilities                                                     42,717         5,396      30,367             —   78,480
Investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation features         78,022               —          26            —   78,048
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features             3      15,598            50            —    15,651




                                                                                                                                               Other information
Unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund                                       16,072              —            —           —    16,072
Third-party interest in consolidated funds                                          7,763         3,816            27          37    11,643
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                       3,602              4         126      3,767       7,499
Defined benefit pension liability                                                       11             —           17           —        28
Deferred tax liabilities                                                              957              —         108            —     1,065
Current tax liabilities                                                                45            42          173           38       298
Derivative liabilities                                                                687              1        1,135         381     2,204
Lease liabilities                                                                      49              —           10         301      360
Other financial liabilities                                                         3,158              —         159          200     3,517
Provisions                                                                               —             —          161         165       326
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                     3,897           357        1,458          209     5,921
Liabilities of operations held for sale                                                  —             —            —           —         —
Total liabilities                                                                156,983         25,214       33,817     5,098       221,112
Total equity                                                                                                                           5,131
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                        226,243


The financial assets and liabilities attaching to the Group’s business are, to varying degrees, subject to the risks described
previously and these risks may have a material effect on profit or loss and shareholders’ equity. This is discussed below by
component of business.

34.1.1 With-profits business
The with-profits consolidated statement of financial position includes the SAIF which, as at 31 December 2020, had total assets
and liabilities of £4,517m (2019: £4,865m), and also assets and liabilities in respect of the DCPSF. The With-Profits Fund mainly
contains with-profits business but it also contains some non-profit business (unit-linked, term assurances and annuities). As at
31 December 2020, the With-Profits Fund included £10,449m (2019: £10,061m) of non-profit annuity liabilities.


                                                                                               M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 243
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
WPSF
The shareholder exposure to the WPSF business (including non-profit annuity business of the WPSF) is sensitive to market and
credit risk through the indirect effect of investment performance on declared policyholder bonuses. The investment assets of
the WPSF are subject to market and credit risk. Changes in their carrying value, net of related changes to asset-share liabilities of
with-profits contracts, affect the level of unallocated surplus of the fund. Therefore, the level of unallocated surplus is particularly
sensitive to the level of investment returns on the portion of the assets that represents surplus. However, as unallocated
surplus is accounted for as a liability under IFRS 4, movements in its value do not affect shareholders’ profit and equity, so the
shareholder is not directly exposed to changes in the assets and liabilities within the WPSF.
The shareholder result for most business in the WPSF is one-ninth of the cost of bonuses declared to with-profits policyholders.
For certain with-profits contracts, such as those invested in the PruFund range of funds, the bonuses represent the
policyholders’ net return based on the smoothed unit price of the selected investment fund. Investment performance is a key
driver of bonuses declared, and hence the shareholder results. Due to the “smoothed” basis of bonus declaration, the sensitivity
to short-term investment performance and other insurance risks is relatively low. However, long-term investment performance
and persistency trends may affect future shareholder transfers.
The equity risk relating to the future shareholder transfers from the WPSF is partially hedged, and this is described in Note 34.7.1.

DCPSF
The DCPSF is shown as part of the with-profits consolidated statement of financial position. For similar reasons to those
described in relation to the WPSF, shareholders are not directly exposed to the movements in the assets and liabilities of
the DCPSF. Instead, the shareholders’ exposure is through the charges arising on the business less the expenses incurred.
The charges incurred on the business are dependent on the value of the funds under management and are therefore indirectly
exposed to market risk, credit risk and persistency risk.

SAIF
SAIF is a ring-fenced fund, shown as part of the with-profits consolidated statement of financial position, in which, apart
from asset management fees, shareholders have no entitlement to the profits of the fund. Accordingly, the Group’s profit and
shareholders’ funds are not sensitive to the direct effects of risk attaching to SAIF’s assets and liabilities.

34.1.2 Unit-linked business
Unit-linked business represents a comparatively small proportion of the in-force business of the Group’s insurance operations.
Due to policyholder liabilities moving in line with attaching asset value movements, the shareholders’ exposure to the unit-linked
business is not directly affected by market or credit risk. Profits from unit-linked contracts primarily arise from the excess of
charges to policyholders for management of assets over expenses incurred. The charges received are sensitive to the movement
in funds under management due to investment performance, as well as persistency experience. The accounting impact of the
expenses incurred is dependent upon the amortisation of acquisition costs in line with the emergence of margins (for insurance
contracts) and amortisation in line with service provision (for the investment management component of investment contracts).
By virtue of the design features of most of the contracts which provide low levels of mortality cover, the profit is relatively
insensitive to changes in mortality experience. Amounts under unit-linked contracts are generally repayable on demand and
the Group is responsible for ensuring there is sufficient liquidity within the asset portfolio to enable liabilities to unit-linked
policyholders to be met as they fall due.
In the consolidated statement of financial position, the unit-linked business is shown as having no contribution to shareholders’
equity. This is because the surplus assets of the unit-linked business have been allocated to the ‘annuity and other long-term
business’ component for presentation purposes as they are pooled with the surplus assets of this business. Despite this
presentation, shareholders are exposed to the risks arising from unit-linked business as described above.

34.1.3 Annuity and other long-term business
The Group’s shareholder-backed annuity liabilities are exposed to market movements, but these are closely matched with assets
of an appropriate duration. The level of matching from year to year can vary depending on management actions and economic
factors and therefore it is possible for a degree of mismatching exposure to arise. Aside from the extent of any asset/liability
duration mismatch, the sensitivity to market risk arising from movements in the value of annuity liabilities net of covering assets is
broadly neutral. However, the assets held in excess of the liabilities, which back the capital requirements of the annuity business,
result in exposure to market risk. These assets are primarily debt securities.
Shareholders are directly exposed to credit risk (asset default, downgrade and spread widening) arising on the assets held within
the shareholder-backed funds, and the corresponding impact on the measurement of the liabilities. The shareholder-backed
annuity results are particularly sensitive to changes in assumptions about future mortality improvements which impact the
measurement of the liabilities, and also to the variance between actual and expected mortality experience each year. The results
are also sensitive to changes in expense levels over the longer-term.
Also included within this component of business are the Group’s lifetime mortgage assets, whose value can vary in line with
market and demographic factors. Further detail on the valuation of these assets is provided in Note 33.3.2.
The assets and liabilities of the other long-term business, which includes legacy protection business, are not significant in the
context of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities and therefore do not contribute significantly to the Group’s risk exposure.

244 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
34.1.4 Other
This includes the financial assets and liabilities of the Group’s asset management, platform business and other Group-level



                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
functions, including, central and treasury operations. The Group is exposed to market and credit risk in respect of financial assets
held by the “other” component of business, although this direct exposure to market and credit risk is not significant to the results
of the Group.
The ongoing profit arising from the asset management business is exposed to the risk that changes in market prices, such
as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, equity prices and property will affect income earned from investment management
activities. The profit arising from this business is also sensitive to the level of net client flows, and also to the level of expenses.

34.2 IFRS profit after tax sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity of IFRS profit after tax to the key economic and non-economic risks which may impact profit is summarised below.
These risks are described in further detail throughout this note, including the disclosure of additional market risk sensitivities.



                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                                                 As at               As at
                                                                                                     31 December 2020     31 December 2019
Impact on IFRS profit after tax and shareholders’ equity                                    Note                   £m                      £m
Economic sensitivities
100bp increase in interest rates                                                            34.3.1              (920)                 (718)
100bp decrease in interest rates                                                            34.3.1              1,107                  826
10% fall in equity and property markets (excluding hedges)                                 34.3.2                (139)                (139)
10% fall in equity and property markets                                                    34.3.2                  (7)                      (9)




                                                                                                                                                  Financial information
5bps increase in credit default/downgrade allowance                                          34.4                 (80)                   (82)
Non-economic sensitivities
1% decrease in base annuitant mortality assumptions                                          34.5                 (37)                     (31)
5% increase in maintenance expense assumptions                                               34.5                 (22)                     (21)


The sensitivities capture the immediate effects of an event occurring, as opposed to the longer-term or second-order effects
which may impact future profits, and do not reflect management actions which could be taken to mitigate the impacts of these
events occurring.
The interest rate stresses reflect a parallel shift in the nominal rate of interest at all durations. As described in Note 34.3.1, the
impact on IFRS profit after tax predominantly arises from assets held in excess of the liabilities.




                                                                                                                                                  Other information
The equity and property sensitivities are presented both excluding and including the equity hedges relating to future shareholder
transfers. As the majority of the hedges are in respect of shareholder transfers expected to arise in future years, which do not
impact IFRS profit after tax until these emerge, the fair value movement in these hedges creates a temporary mismatch within
IFRS profit after tax. For this reason the presentation of this sensitivity, excluding the impact of these hedges, gives the most
appropriate representation of the Group’s exposure to equity and property risk.
The credit default/downgrade sensitivity represents a 5bp increase in the assumed level of defaults and downgrades allowed for
within the valuation interest rate when valuing policyholder liabilities in respect of non-profit annuity business.
The annuitant mortality sensitivity is a 1% reduction in the mortality rates for immediate and deferred annuitants with no change
to mortality improvement rates, for the Group’s non-profit annuity business.
The maintenance expense sensitivity is a 5% increase in future maintenance expense assumptions across all lines of business.
The credit default/downgrade allowance, annuitant mortality and maintenance expense sensitivities show the impact on IFRS
profit after tax of changes in the Group’s key estimates and assumptions when valuing policyholder liabilities as described in Note
1.4 and Note 27.1. The impact of this sensitivity on IFRS profit after tax is directly through a change in the policyholder liabilities.
However, for business written in the Group’s With-Profits Fund, the change in the policyholder liabilities is directly offset by a
corresponding change in unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund and therefore has no impact on IFRS profit after tax.

34.3 Market risk
Market risk is the risk of loss or adverse change in the financial situation of the Group’s business or that of the Group’s customers
and clients resulting, directly or indirectly, from fluctuations in the level or volatility of market prices of assets and liabilities.
Market risk comprises six types of risk, namely:
– Interest rate risk: fluctuations in the level and volatility of interest rates or the shape or curvature of the yield curve or
  spread relationships
– Inflation risk: fluctuations in actual or implied inflation rates
– Equity risk: fluctuations in the level or volatility of equity investments
– Property risk: fluctuations in the level or volatility of property investments

                                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 245
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
– Currency risk: fluctuations, including translation risk, in the level or volatility of currency exposures
– Alternative investments risk: fluctuations in the level or volatility of alternative investment exposures (other than those
  detailed above)
The primary market risks that the Group faces are equity risk, property risk and interest rate risk. Most assets the Group holds
are investments that are either equity or property-type investments and subject to equity or property price risk, or bonds,
mortgages and cash deposits, the values of which are subject to interest rate risk. Alternative investments may exhibit some or all
of these risks depending on the type of investment. The amount of risk borne by the Group’s shareholders depends on the extent
to which its customers share the investment risk through the structure of the Group’s products. In particular, the shareholder
is only directly exposed to market risk on the assets held within the “annuities and other long-term business” and “other”
components of business, which are predominantly debt securities and investment properties in respect of the annuity funds.
The split of the Group’s investments between equity investments and interest-sensitive instruments depends principally on the
type of liabilities supported by those investments and the amount of capital the Group has available. This mix of liabilities allows
the Group to invest a substantial portion of its investment funds in equity and property investments that the Group believes
produce greater returns over the long-term.
Market risk is managed through a robust market risk framework which includes: policies, risk appetite statements and risk limits
and triggers covering key market risk exposures; asset and liability management programmes; a quality of capital framework;
strategic asset allocations; investment and hedging strategies; and investment constraints.

34.3.1 Interest rate risk and inflation risk
The majority of the Group’s interest rate exposure arises from shareholder-backed annuities. The liabilities are exposed to interest
rate movements, but these are closely matched with assets of an appropriate duration. The matching of assets of appropriate
duration to the annuity liabilities is based on management of regulatory capital reporting requirements. The assets held in excess
of the liabilities, which back the capital requirements of the annuity business, result in an exposure to interest rate risk.
The assets and liabilities for the with-profits and unit-linked components of business are sensitive to interest rates, but the
shareholder is not directly exposed to changes in the value of these assets and liabilities. The shareholder is indirectly exposed
to interest rate risk through the value of future shareholder transfers from with-profits business and charges levied on unit-linked
and asset management business.
The estimated sensitivity of profit to a movement in interest rates of 1% and 2% are as follows. The majority of this impact arises
from the shareholder-backed annuities.
The impact of the carrying value of assets, policyholder liabilities and deferred tax effects are in respect of the shareholder-
backed business only.

                                                                                                        As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                            Decrease     Decrease       Increase   Increase
                                                                                               of 2%        of 1%          of 1%      of 2%
                                                                                                  £m           £m             £m         £m
Carrying value of debt securities and derivatives                                              7,923          3,534     (2,944)    (5,520)
Policyholder liabilities                                                                      (4,792)      (2,168)       1,809      3,331
Related deferred tax effects                                                                    (595)          (259)        215        416
Net sensitivity of profit after tax and shareholders’ equity                                   2,536          1,107       (920)     (1,773)

                                                                                                        As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                            Decrease     Decrease       Increase   Increase
                                                                                               of 2%        of 1%          of 1%      of 2%
                                                                                                  £m           £m             £m         £m
Carrying value of debt securities and derivatives                                              7,027          3,150      (2,663)    (4,971)
Policyholder liabilities                                                                      (4,765)         (2,155)     1,798      3,312
Related deferred tax effects                                                                    (385)          (169)        147       282
Net sensitivity of profit after tax and shareholders’ equity                                   1,877            826        (718)    (1,377)


Inflation risk primarily arises from certain annuity contracts that have benefit escalation linked to a price index. The Group
manages this exposure by matching inflation-linked annuity liabilities with corresponding inflation-linked assets.

34.3.2 Equity and property risk
While the Group holds significant amounts of equity and property assets on its consolidated statement of financial position, the
shareholders’ exposure to equity and property risk for the with-profits and unit-linked business is limited as the risk is predominantly
borne by the policyholder. Instead, the Group’s direct exposure to this risk arises from the “annuities and other long-term business”
component’s holdings in equity securities and property, which are not hedged or matched by corresponding liabilities.


246 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
Excluding any longer-term, indirect effects on profit due to the future value of shareholder transfers from with-profits business
and charges levied on unit-linked and asset management business, a fall in the fair value of these investments would have given



                                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
rise to the following effects on pre-tax profit, profit after tax, and shareholders’ equity. The majority of the sensitivity arises in
respect of investment property assets held in the annuity funds.

                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2020                         2019
                                                                                                    Decrease      Decrease       Decrease       Decrease
                                                                                                      of 20%        of 10%         of 20%         of 10%
                                                                                                          £m            £m             £m             £m
Pre-tax profit                                                                                           (344)        (172)          (334)           (167)
Related deferred tax effects                                                                               65           33             57             28
Net sensitivity of profit after tax and shareholders’ equity                                             (279)        (139)          (277)           (139)


A 10% or 20% increase in their value would have an approximately equal and opposite effect on profit and shareholders’ equity                                Governance
to the sensitivities shown above. The market risk sensitivities shown above reflect the impact of temporary market movements.
In the equity risk sensitivity analysis shown above, the Group has considered the impact of an instantaneous 10% or 20% fall in
equity markets. If equity markets were to fall by more than 20%, the Group believes that this would not be an instantaneous fall
but rather would be expected to occur over a period of time, during which the Group would be able to put in place mitigating
management actions.
As noted above, the analysis excludes the indirect exposure of ongoing profit to equity and property risk through the impact on




                                                                                                                                                             Financial information
policyholder bonuses on with-profits business and charges levied on unit-linked and asset management business. For with-profits
business, the impact of market risk is reduced due to the “smoothed” basis of bonus declaration, so the sensitivity to short-term
investment performance is relatively low. However, long-term investment performance may affect future shareholder transfers.
The Group has entered into a partial equity hedge of the shareholder transfers expected to emerge from the WPSF in order to
mitigate this risk. Due to the mismatch that results from a difference in the timing of fair value movements on the hedges and the
emergence of the underlying shareholder transfers, the above sensitivities do not include the impact of these hedges as this
gives the most appropriate representation of the Group’s exposure to equity and property risk.
The impact of the sensitivities allowing for the equity hedges is shown below:

                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2020                         2019




                                                                                                                                                             Other information
                                                                                                    Decrease      Decrease       Decrease       Decrease
                                                                                                      of 20%        of 10%         of 20%         of 10%
                                                                                                          £m            £m             £m             £m
Pre-tax profit                                                                                              (3)          (9)           (14)           (11)
Related deferred tax effects                                                                                 –            2              2             2
Net sensitivity of profit after tax and shareholders’ equity                                                (3)          (7)           (12)            (9)


34.3.3 Currency risk
The Group invests significant amounts of policyholder funds in overseas assets as part of its investment strategy. The direct
currency risk exposure to the shareholder from the with-profits and unit-linked components of business is minimal, although
the shareholder is indirectly exposed to currency risk in relation to the future value of shareholder transfers from with-profits
business and charges levied on unit-linked and asset management business. Currency risk exposure arising from overseas
assets held by the shareholder-backed annuity and other long-term business is mitigated through the use of derivatives.
As at 31 December 2020, the Group held 40% (2019: 40%) and 7% (2019: 7%) of its financial assets and financial liabilities
respectively, in currencies, mainly US dollar and euro, other than pounds sterling, the functional currency of the Group.
Of these financial assets, as at 31 December 2020, 94% (2019: 90%) are held by the With-Profits Fund, allowing the fund to
obtain exposure to foreign equity markets. Of these financial liabilities, as at 31 December 2020, 83% (2019: 88%iv) are held
by the With-Profits Fund, mainly relating to foreign currency borrowings. The exchange risks inherent in these exposures are
mitigated through the use of derivatives, mainly forward currency contracts.
For the year ended 31 December 2020, exchange losses of £178m (2019: losses of £168m) were recognised in the income
statement; mainly arising on investments held by the With-Profits Fund, the majority of which are offset by changes in with-profits
and unit-linked liabilities. This excludes exchange gains and losses arising on foreign currency derivatives measured at FVTPL,
which are included as part of gains and losses included in investment return, which is shown in Note 4.
iv The percentage of financial liabilities held by the With-Profts Fund, as reported in the 31 December 2019 Annual Report and Accounts, have been
   restated due to better information being available.




                                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 247
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
The Group is also exposed to structural currency translation risk as a result of overseas operations which contribute to equity.
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into the Group’s presentational currency, pounds sterling.
Foreign exchange differences arising from this translation of foreign operations are reported as an item of other comprehensive
income and accumulated in the translation reserve.

34.4 Credit risk
The Group’s exposure to credit risk primarily arises from the annuity funds, which hold substantial volumes of public and private
fixed income investments on which a certain level of defaults and downgrades are expected. The sensitivity of IFRS profit after
tax and IFRS shareholders’ equity to a change in the credit default and downgrade allowance within the valuation rate of interest
of shareholder-backed non-profit annuities is shown in Note 34.2.
While the with-profits and unit-linked funds have large holdings of assets subject to credit risk, the shareholder results of the
Group are not directly exposed to credit defaults on assets held in these components of business. However, the shareholder is
indirectly exposed to credit risk from these components of business in relation to the future value of shareholder transfers from
with-profits business and charges levied on unit-linked and asset management business. The direct exposure of the Group’s
shareholders’ equity to credit default risk in the “Other” component is small in the context of the Group.
Credit risk is managed through a robust credit and counterparty framework which includes: policies, standards, appetite
statements, limits and triggers (including relevant governance and controls); investment constraints and limits on the asset
portfolios, in relation to credit rating, seniority, sector and issuer, and counterparties in particular for derivatives, reinsurance
and cash; and a robust credit rating process.

34.4.1 Debt securities
Debt securities are analysed below according to external credit ratings issued, with equivalent ratings issued by different ratings
agencies grouped together. Standard & Poor’s ratings have been used where available. For securities where Standard & Poor’s
ratings are not immediately available those produced by Moody’s and then Fitch have been used as an alternative.

                                                                       AA+ to          A+     BBB+ to      Below
                                                             AAA         AA-         to A-      BBB-        BBB-        Other       Total
As at 31 December 2020                                        £m          £m           £m        £m           £m          £m          £m
With-profits                                                6,271       7,756     10,073      15,407       5,371      10,765     55,643
Unit-linked                                                  720       2,333       1,278       2,704         933         538      8,506
Annuity and other long-term business                       2,242       5,067       3,013       2,648          161       7,143     20,274
Other                                                        220         706           42           3           7         38       1,016
Total debt securities                                      9,453      15,862      14,406      20,762       6,472      18,484     85,439

                                                                       AA+ to        A+ to    BBB+ to       Below
                                                             AAA         AA-           A-       BBB-         BBB-       Other           Total
As at 31 December 2019                                        £m         £m           £m         £m            £m         £m             £m
With-profits                                                5,672      9,002      12,634      15,256        2,211     10,576      55,351
Unit-linked                                                   787      2,039        1,572      2,653         742         497       8,290
Annuity and other long-term business                       2,548       5,404       3,989        1,811         85       6,541      20,378
Other                                                        243        1,035        105           13           9          10       1,415
Total debt securities                                      9,250      17,480      18,300      19,733       3,047      17,624     85,434


The credit ratings, information or data contained in this report which are attributed and specifically provided by Standard &
Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch Solutions and their respective affiliates and suppliers (“Content Providers”) is referred to here as the
“Content”. Reproduction of any content in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of the relevant party.
The Content Providers do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any Content and are
not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the
use of such Content. The Content Providers expressly disclaim liability for any damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses
(including lost income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of the Content. A reference to a particular
investment or security, a rating or any observation concerning an investment that is part of the Content is not a recommendation
to buy, sell or hold any such investment or security, nor does it address the suitability of an investment or security and should not
be relied on as investment advice.
In the table above, AAA is the highest possible rating. Investment grade financial assets are classified within the range of AAA
to BBB ratings. Financial assets which fall outside this range are classified as below BBB- and are non-investment grade.
Debt securities with no external credit rating are classified as “Other”.




248 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
Securities with credit ratings classified as “Other” can be further analysed as follows:




                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
                                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                                         2020       2019
                                                                                                                           £m        £m
Internal ratings or unrated:
AAA to BBB-                                                                                                         11,748        11,641
Below BBB-                                                                                                               596        507
Unrated                                                                                                              6,140        5,476
Total                                                                                                              18,484         17,624


Asset-backed securities


                                                                                                                                            Governance
The Group has holdings in asset-backed securities (ABS) which are presented within debt securities on the consolidated
statement of financial position. The Group’s holdings in ABS, which comprise residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS),
commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS), collateralised debt obligations (CDO) funds and other asset-backed securities
were as follows:

                                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                                         2020       2019
                                                                                                                           £m        £m
With-Profits Fund                                                                                                    3,441        3,960
                                                                                                                     1,207




                                                                                                                                            Financial information
Shareholder-backed funds                                                                                                           1,167
Total                                                                                                               4,648          5,127


Included within Shareholder backed funds are £259m (2019: £244m) of contracts held within unit-linked funds.
The majority of holdings in the shareholder-backed funds are UK securities and relate to the Group’s annuity business. Of the
holdings of the With-Profits Fund as at 31 December 2020, £199m (2019: £332m) related to exposure to the US markets with the
remaining exposure being primarily to the UK market.

Sovereign debt exposure
The Group exposures held by the With-Profits Fund and shareholder-backed funds in sovereign debt are analysed as follows:




                                                                                                                                            Other information
                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                             2020                          2019
                                                                                        With- Shareholder-          With- Shareholder-
                                                                                       Profits     backed          Profits     backed
                                                                                         Fund       funds           Fund        funds
                                                                                           £m          £m             £m           £m
Italy                                                                                       41            —              60             —
Spain                                                                                       16           57              19            47
France                                                                                       —           22               —            21
Germany                                                                                    246          137          226            188
Other Eurozone                                                                             50             —              70             —
Total Eurozone                                                                             353          216          375            256
UK                                                                                     4,349         2,573         2,194          3,003
USA                                                                                    1,085              6        1,788                —
Other                                                                                      172          187          170            157
Total                                                                                  5,959         2,982         4,527          3,416


Exposure to bank debt securities
The exposure to bank debt securities is shown below by type of debt and also by economy. Subordinated debt is a fixed interest
debt that ranks below other debt in order of priority for repayment if the issuer is liquidated.
Holders are compensated for the added risk through higher rates of interest. The senior debt ranks above subordinated debt in
the event of liquidation, whereas covered senior debt is also backed by other assets in the event of insolvency. These debt tier
classifications are consistent with the treatment of capital for regulatory purposes.




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 249
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued

                                                          Senior debt                Subordinated debt
                                                                         Total                             Total
                                                                        senior                     subordinated
                                                Covered       Senior     debt    Tier 1     Tier 2         debt     Total
As at 31 December 2020                              £m           £m        £m      £m         £m             £m       £m
With-Profits Fund
Italy                                                —            41       41        —          —             —       41
Spain                                                —           37        37        —          —             —       37
France                                               6          377      383         —        59             59     442
Germany                                             50            61      111        —        16             16      127
Netherlands                                          —          200      200         —        18             18     218
Other Eurozone                                       —            15       15        —          —             —       15
Total Eurozone                                      56          731      787         —        93             93     880
UK                                                 838          681     1,519        —       258           258     1,777
USA                                                  —        2,027     2,027        —       191            191    2,218
Canada                                             157          266      423         —          —             —     423
Australia                                          161          108      269         —         5              5     274
Norway                                               —             —        —        —          —             —        —
Sweden                                              31           47        78        —          —             —       78
Switzerland                                          —          146      146         —        17             17     163
Other                                               34          389      423         —        18             18     441
Total                                            1,277        4,395     5,672        —       582           582     6,254

                                                          Senior debt                Subordinated debt
                                                                         Total                             Total
                                                                        senior                     subordinated
                                                Covered       Senior     debt    Tier 1     Tier 2         debt     Total
As at 31 December 2020                              £m           £m        £m      £m         £m             £m       £m
Shareholder-backed funds
Italy                                                —             —        —        —          —             —        —
Spain                                                —             —        —        —          —             —        —
France                                              12           34        46        —          —             —      46
Germany                                              3             —        3        —        90            90       93
Netherlands                                          —           45        45        —          —             —      45
Other Eurozone                                       —             —        —        —          —             —        —
Total Eurozone                                      15           79        94        —        90            90      184
UK                                                 439          190      629         —        72             72     701
USA                                                  —          247      247         —        33             33     280
Canada                                               —           10        10        —          —             —       10
Australia                                           14             8       22        —          —             —       22
Norway                                               —             —        —        —          —             —        —
Sweden                                               —             5        5        —          —             —        5
Switzerland                                          —             —        —        —        36             36      36
Other                                                —             —        —        —          —             —        —
Total                                              468          539     1,007        —       231           231     1,238




250 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued

                                                              Senior debt                      Subordinated debt




                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
                                                                             Total                                     Total
                                                                            senior                             subordinated
                                                   Covered        Senior     debt         Tier 1      Tier 2           debt     Total
As at 31 December 2019                                 £m            £m        £m           £m          £m              £m       £m
With-Profits Fund
Italy                                                     —          39        39             —           —               —       39
Spain                                                     —          38        38             —           —               —       38
France                                                   6          342      348              —         59              59      407
Germany                                                 94            79      173             —           —               —      173
Netherlands                                               —         293       293             —           8               8      301
Other Eurozone                                            —           82       82             —           —               —       82


                                                                                                                                         Governance
Total Eurozone                                         100          873       973             —         67               67    1,040
UK                                                     996          808     1,804           16         302             318     2,122
USA                                                       —       2,644     2,644           16         382             398     3,042
Canada                                                 318          262      580              —           —               —     580
Australia                                               87          219      306              —           —               —     306
Norway                                                 104            11      115             —           —               —      115
Sweden                                                  72          105       177             —           —               —      177
Switzerland                                               —          171      171           15            —              15      186




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
Other                                                     —         269       269             —           —               —      269
Total                                                1,677        5,362     7,039           47         751             798     7,837

                                                              Senior debt                      Subordinated debt
                                                                             Total                                     Total
                                                                            senior                             subordinated
                                                   Covered        Senior     debt         Tier 1      Tier 2           debt     Total
As at 31 December 2019                                 £m            £m        £m           £m          £m              £m       £m
Shareholder-backed funds
Italy                                                     —            —        —             —           —               —         —
Spain                                                     —            —        —             —           —               —         —




                                                                                                                                         Other information
France                                                  16            16       32             —           —               —       32
Germany                                                  3             —        3             —         83              83        86
Netherlands                                               —           23       23             —           —               —       23
Other Eurozone                                            —            —        —             —           —               —         —
Total Eurozone                                          19           39        58             —         83              83       141
UK                                                     420          229      649              —         69              69       718
USA                                                       —         230      230              —         30              30      260
Canada                                                    —            —        —             —           —               —         —
Australia                                                 —            —        —             —           —               —         —
Norway                                                    —            —        —             —           —               —         —
Sweden                                                    —            —        —             —           —               —         —
Switzerland                                               —            —        —             —         36              36        36
Other                                                     —           10       10             —           —               —       10
Total                                                  439          508       947             —        218             218     1,165


The tables above exclude assets held by unit-linked funds and collective investment scheme funds, as the holders of these
contracts bear the credit risk arising from these assets. In addition, the tables above exclude the proportionate share of sovereign
debt holdings of the Group’s joint venture operations.




                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 251
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
34.4.2 Cash, loans, receivables and reinsurance assets
The following tables provide an analysis of the quality of financial assets, other than debt securities, which are exposed to
credit risk. The financial assets below are analysed according to external credit ratings issued, with equivalent ratings issued
by different ratings agencies grouped together. Standard & Poor’s ratings have been used where available. For securities
where Standard & Poor’s ratings are not immediately available, those produced by Moody’s and then Fitch have been used as
an alternative.

                                                                     AA+ to       A+ to    BBB+ to      Below
                                                           AAA         AA-          A-       BBB-        BBB-     Unrated        Total
As at 31 December 2020                                      £m          £m         £m         £m           £m         £m           £m
Accrued investment income and other debtors                  78        242         409         188         70       2,036       3,023
Cash and cash equivalents                                 1,585       1,187      3,920          63          10          11      6,776
Loans                                                       931        235       1,839          18        341       2,667       6,031
Reinsurance assets                                             —       269            —     11,251           —        241       11,761

                                                                     AA+ to       A+ to    BBB+ to       Below
                                                            AAA        AA-          A-       BBB-         BBB-     Unrated        Total
As at 31 December 2019                                       £m        £m          £m         £m            £m         £m          £m
Accrued investment income and other debtors                 103        266         334         207         60       1,953       2,923
Cash and cash equivalents                                 2,147       1,638      1,828        385            8         40       6,046
Loans                                                     1,094         147      1,858         245        441       2,169       5,954
Reinsurance assets                                             —       305            —     11,379           —        274       11,958


The Group is also exposed to the risk of counterparty default on its reinsurance assets. The Group evaluates the financial
condition of its reinsurers and monitors concentration of credit risk to minimise its exposure from reinsurer insolvencies.
The split of the reinsurance asset by credit rating is shown above. Standard & Poor’s ratings have been used where available.
For securities where Standard & Poor’s ratings are not immediately available, those produced by Moody’s and then Fitch have
been used as an alternative.
The reinsurance asset within the BBB rating category primarily consists of annuity business reinsured to Rothesay Life plc.
This asset is fully collateralised with assets that must meet certain eligibility criteria and are held in a custody account.
Of the total loans and accrued investment income & other debtors held as at 31 December 2020, £46m (2019: £1m) were past
their due date but were not impaired. Of the total past due but not impaired, all were less than one year past their due date.
The Group expects full recovery of these loans and accrued investment income & other debtors.
Loans that were impaired are not significant to the Group. Further information on the loans portfolio is provided in Note 19.

34.4.3 Derecognition, collateral and offsetting
Securities lending and repurchase agreements
The Group has entered into securities lending and repurchase agreements whereby blocks of securities are transferred to third
parties, primarily major brokerage firms, in exchange for collateral. Typically, the value of collateral assets pledged to the Group
in these transactions is in excess of the value of securities transferred, with the excess determined by the quality of the collateral
assets granted. Collateral requirements are calculated on a daily basis. The securities lent and securities subject to repurchase
agreements are not derecognised from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position. Collateral typically consists of
cash, debt securities, equity securities and letters of credit. Cash collateral received is recognised on the consolidated statement
of financial position and a financial liability for the obligation for the Group to repay the cash is also recognised. Non-cash
collateral received is not recognised on the consolidated statement of financial position. Collateral pledged by the Group under
reverse repurchase arrangements, aside from cash, is not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position as
the risks and rewards are still retained by the Group. Cash collateral pledged is derecognised as it is pledged under right to use
by the counterparty and a financial asset is recognised for the obligation for the counterparty to re-pay the cash to the Group.
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had £5,247m (2019: £6,892m) of collateral pledged under securities lending and repurchase
agreements, primarily relating to the With-Profits Fund. The cash and securities collateral accepted under securities lending
agreements was £4,910m (2019: £6,229m). As at 31 December 2020, the Group had entered into reverse repurchase
transactions under which it purchased securities and had taken on the obligation to resell the securities. The fair value of the
collateral held in respect of these transactions was £14,877m (2019: £11,574m).

Collateral and pledges under derivative transactions
At 31 December 2020, the Group had pledged £1,371m (2019: £1,141m) for liabilities and held collateral of £2,875m
(2019: £2,560m) in respect of over-the-counter derivative transactions.
These transactions are conducted under terms that are usual and customary to collateralised transactions including, where
relevant, standard securities lending and repurchase agreements.


252 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
Other collateral
At 31 December 2020, the Group had pledged collateral of £550m (2019: £488m) in respect of other transactions. This primarily



                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
arises from deferred purchase consideration on lifetime (equity release) mortgages.

Offsetting assets and liabilities
The Group’s derivative instruments, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements are subject to master netting
arrangements and collateral arrangements. A master netting arrangement with a counterparty creates a right of offset for
amounts due to and due from that same counterparty that is enforceable in the event of a default or bankruptcy. The Group
recognises amounts subject to master netting arrangements on a gross basis on the consolidated statement of financial position.
The following tables present the gross and net information about the Group’s financial instruments subject to master
netting arrangements:

                                                    Gross amount Related amounts not offset in the consolidated statement



                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                   included in the                  of financial position
                                                     consolidated
                                                     statement of         Financial                            Securities
                                                financial position     instruments       Cash collateral        collateral      Net amount
As at 31 December 2020                                         £m              £m                    £m                £m              £m
Financial assets:
Derivative assets                                        5,406              (2,282)             (2,693)                (110)           321
Reverse repurchase agreements                           16,467                     —                   —           (14,762)          1,705
Total financial assets                                   21,873             (2,282)             (2,693)            (14,872)         2,026
Financial liabilities:




                                                                                                                                               Financial information
Derivative liabilities                                    3,179             (2,282)                (181)              (584)            132
Securities lending and repurchase
agreements                                                  659                    —                   —              (659)               —
Total financial liabilities                              3,838              (2,282)                (181)            (1,243)            132

                                                    Gross amount Related amounts not offset in the consolidated statement of
                                                   included in the                   financial position
                                                     consolidated
                                                     statement of         Financial                               Securities
                                                financial position     instruments      Cash collateral            collateral   Net amount
As at 31 December 2019                                         £m              £m                    £m                  £m            £m
Financial assets:



                                                                                                                                               Other information
Derivative assets                                         3,691                (996)             (2,379)                (74)           242
Reverse repurchase agreements                            12,931                    —                   —            (11,181)         1,750
Total financial assets                                   16,622                (996)             (2,379)            (11,255)         1,992
Financial liabilities:
Derivative liabilities                                    1,461                (996)                (62)              (402)               1
Securities lending and repurchase
agreements                                                  915                    —                   —               (915)              —
Total financial liabilities                               2,376                (996)                (62)             (1,317)              1


In the tables above, the amounts of assets or liabilities included on the consolidated statement of financial position would be
offset first by financial instruments that have the right of offset under master netting or similar arrangements, with any remaining
amount reduced by the amount of cash and securities collateral. The actual amount of collateral may be greater than the amounts
presented in the tables. Reverse repurchase agreements shown in the tables above are included within deposits on the
consolidated statement of financial position.

34.5 Demographic and expense risk
The Group is exposed to significant levels of demographic risk. This arises mainly from the annuity business in the form
of longevity risk, which is the risk of unexpected changes in the life expectancy (longevity) of policyholders. If mortality
improvement rates significantly exceed the level assumed, the Group’s results could be adversely affected. Further to this,
any major medical breakthrough (for example, in the treatment of cancer or other life-threatening diseases) that would require
the Group to strengthen its longevity assumptions would have an impact on the Group’s results.




                                                                                               M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 253
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
Longevity risk for both shareholder-backed business and policyholder-backed business has been predominantly
managed through:
– regular reviews of best estimate assumptions, supported by detailed assessments of actual mortality experience versus the
  best estimate assumptions;
– longevity research; and
– longevity reinsurance arrangements.
Other demographic risks such as persistency risk and non-annuitant mortality risk, as well as expense risk, are subject to regular
reviews and actions, with frequency and intensity proportionate to the materiality of the risk. Further details of the sensitivity of
profit and shareholders’ equity to demographic risks are described below by the components of business. The sensitivity of IFRS
profit after tax and IFRS shareholders’ equity to annuitant mortality and expense risk is provided in Note 34.2.

34.5.1 With-profits business
Mortality and other demographic risks are relatively minor factors in the determination of the policyholder bonus rates.
Adverse persistency experience can affect the level of profitability from with-profits contracts, but in any given year the
shareholders’ share of cost of bonus may only be marginally affected. However, altered persistency trends may affect future
expected shareholder transfers.

34.5.2 Unit-linked business
By virtue of the design features of most of the contracts which provide low levels of mortality cover, profit is relatively insensitive
to changes in mortality experience. Persistency experience variances can affect the level of profit in the year. The shareholder is
also exposed to variances in expenses relative to the charges levied on these products.

34.5.3 Annuity and other long-term business
Profits from shareholder-backed annuity business are most sensitive to the following demographic and expense risks:
– The extent to which changes to the assumed rate of improvements in mortality give rise to changes in the measurement
  of liabilities;
– The variance between actual and expected mortality experience, and its impact on current mortality assumptions; and
– Changes in maintenance expense levels.
The risk arising from the other long-term business is not significant in the context of the Group’s overall liabilities.

34.6 Liquidity risk
The Group is exposed to two types of liquidity risk:
– Treasury liquidity risk is the risk of loss for the Group’s business, or of adverse changes in the financial situation, resulting from
  the Group’s inability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet financial obligations (for example, claims, creditors and
  planned dividends) as they fall due; and
– Fund liquidity risk is the risk of being unable to meet liabilities arising from a mismatch in liquidity of the underlying assets and
  the frequency of liability requirements of the fund.
The Group’s IFRS results are indirectly exposed to fund liquidity risk, for example, through reputational damage leading to lower
funds under management and lower revenue through charges collected. However, as the effect on the Group’s IFRS results is
indirect, this risk is not discussed further and the remainder of this section refers to treasury liquidity risk.
Liquidity management in the Group seeks to ensure that, even under adverse conditions, the Group has access to the funds
necessary to cover surrenders, withdrawals and maturing liabilities.
Liquidity risk is carefully managed, in particular in relation to: bank balances, cash flow forecasting, appropriate fund
management (to ensure that assets are not unduly concentrated in less liquid investments) and detailed cash-flow matching for
the annuity business. Specific arrangements are also in place to manage liquidity in the unit-linked funds, particularly property
funds where the underlying assets are relatively illiquid.

34.6.1 Contractual maturities of financial liabilities on an undiscounted cash flow basis
The following table sets out the contractual maturities for applicable classes of financial liabilities, excluding derivative liabilities
that are separately presented in section 34.6.2. The financial liabilities are included in the column relating to the contractual
maturities at the undiscounted cash flows (including contractual interest payments and expected benefit payments) due to be
paid, assuming conditions are consistent with those at the year end.




254 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued

                                           Total                       After        After        After      After                               Total undis-
                                        carrying        1 year    1 year to 5   5 years to 10 years to 15 years to           Over   No stated      counted




                                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                                           value       or less         years     10 years     15 years   20 years        20 years    maturity          value
    As at 31 December 2020                   £m            £m             £m          £m           £m         £m              £m          £m             £m
Financial liabilities:
Subordinated liabilities and
other borrowings                          8,267          449          1,977        1,021           239           268      5,515          125        9,594
Investment contracts                     95,170        9,618        33,513       31,792        22,668        13,966      17,262        11,177     139,996
Total                                  103,437        10,067       35,490        32,813        22,907        14,234      22,777       11,302      149,590

                                           Total                       After        After          After        After                           Total undis-
                                        carrying         1 year   1 year to 5   5 years to   10 years to   15 years to       Over   No stated      counted
                                           value        or less        years     10 years       15 years     20 years    20 years    maturity          value
    As at 31 December 2019                   £m             £m            £m          £m             £m           £m          £m          £m             £m


                                                                                                                                                               Governance
Financial liabilities:
Subordinated liabilities and
other borrowingsi                         7,499           581         1,651          297           229           213       6,219           93        9,283
Investment contracts                    93,699         9,709       33,208        31,388         21,217       12,585      16,445       11,073      135,625
Total                                   101,198       10,290       34,859        31,685        21,446        12,798      22,664        11,166     144,908

i     The contractual maturities of subordinated liabilities and other borrowings on an undiscounted cash flow basis, as reported in the 31 December 2019
      Annual Report and Accounts, have been restated due to better information being available.




                                                                                                                                                               Financial information
Most investment contracts have options to surrender early, often subject to surrender or other penalties. Therefore, most
contracts can be said to have a contractual maturity of less than one year, but the additional charges and term of the contracts
mean surrenders are unlikely to be exercised in practice.
The vast majority of the Group’s financial assets are held to back the Group’s policyholder liabilities. Although asset/liability
matching is an important component of managing policyholder liabilities (both those classified as insurance and those classified
as investments), this profile is mainly relevant for managing market risk rather than liquidity risk. Within each business unit this
asset/liability matching is performed on a portfolio-by-portfolio basis.
In terms of liquidity risk, a large proportion of the policyholder liabilities contain discretionary surrender values or surrender
charges, meaning that many of the Group’s liabilities are expected to be held for the long-term. Many of the Group’s investment
portfolios are in marketable securities, which can therefore be converted quickly to liquid assets. As a result an analysis of
the Group’s assets by contractual maturity is not considered appropriate to evaluate the nature and extent of the Group’s



                                                                                                                                                               Other information
liquidity risk.

34.6.2 Maturity analysis of derivatives
The following table shows the gross and net derivative positions together with the maturity profile of the contractual
undiscounted cash flows:

                                           Total                       After        After        After      After                               Total undis-
                                        carrying     1 year or    1 year to 5   5 years to 10 years to 15 years to           Over   No stated      counted
                                           value         less          years     10 years     15 years   20 years        20 years    maturity          value
    As at 31 December 2020                   £m           £m              £m          £m           £m         £m              £m          £m             £m
Derivative assets                         5,705         1,134           974        1,051         1,211         1,272      3,554             —        9,196
Derivative liabilities                    3,460          283         1,049          880          1,067           797      2,380             —       6,456
Net derivative position                   2,245           851           (75)         171           144           475       1,174            —        2,740

                                           Total                       After        After          After        After                           Total undis-
                                        carrying      1 year or   1 year to 5   5 years to   10 years to   15 years to       Over   No stated      counted
                                           value          less         years     10 years       15 years     20 years    20 years    maturity          value
    As at 31 December 2019                   £m            £m             £m          £m             £m           £m          £m          £m             £m
Derivative assets                         3,962           959           617          699           859           907       2,431            —        6,472
Derivative liabilities                    2,204           296           813          572           656           491        1,112           —       3,940
Net derivative position                    1,758          663          (196)         127           203           416       1,319            —        2,532


34.7 Derivatives and hedging
The Group uses derivatives for the purpose of efficient portfolio management or the reduction in investment risk. In doing so, the
Group obtains cost-effective and efficient exposure to various markets and manages exposure to equity, interest rate, currency,
credit and other business risks. The Group has opted not to apply hedge accounting to derivatives.




                                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 255
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




34 Risk management and sensitivity analysis continued
The Group uses various interest rate derivative instruments such as interest rate swaps and swaptions to reduce exposure
to interest rate volatility. The Group also uses various currency derivatives in order to limit volatility due to foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations arising on securities denominated in currencies other than pounds sterling.
All over-the-counter derivative transactions are conducted under standardised ISDA (International Swaps and Derivatives
Association Inc) master agreements and CSA (Credit Support Annexes). The Group has collateral agreements between the
individual entities in the Group, of which the Company is one, and relevant counterparties in place under each of these market
master agreements. The Group also has the ability to enter into cleared derivative positions under EMIR (European Market
Infrastructure Regulation).
The total fair value balances of derivative assets and liabilities are shown in Note 20.
There are hedging arrangements in place for the with-profits liabilities. In addition to some product-specific arrangements, the
main objective of the hedging arrangements is to broadly match a subset of the market-consistent liabilities and hence protect
the capital position of the with-profits business against adverse market movements. The actual and required hedging positions
are monitored at least monthly and rebalanced if required.
Under Article 11 of the European Market Infrastructure Regulation on derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories
and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/2251 supplementing EMIR, market participants transacting in non-cleared OTC
derivatives are required to exchange collateral to cover variation and initial margin. However, trades between counterparties
belonging to the same group are exempt from these margin requirements subject to certain criteria.
Prudential Capital Plc (Legal Entity Identifier reference (LEI) CHW8NHK268SFPTV63Z64) has entered into such derivative
agreements with the following group entity. This counterparty pairing meets the criteria to be eligible for intra-group exemptions
to the margin requirements:

                                                                                        As at 31 December 2020      As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                         Aggregate notional of    Aggregate notional of OTC
                                                                                       OTC derivatives contract        derivatives contract
                                                    Relationship           Type of
Counterparty          Legal Entity Identifier       between parties        exemption                       £m                          £m
Prudential Lifetime 5493001GSK4HF84IOB02 Part of the same                  Full                             37                          37
Mortgages Limited                        Group holding
                                         company


34.7.1 Hedges in respect of shareholder transfers arising from the with-profits business
The shareholders’ exposure to market risk from with-profits business arises from the shareholder transfers which depend on
investment return of the funds. These shareholder transfers, while smoothed, are particularly exposed to equity risk.
The Group has entered into a partial equity hedge of the shareholder transfers expected to emerge from the WPSF in order to
mitigate this risk. The effect for the year ended 31 December 2020 was an unrealised gain of £214m (2019: unrealised loss of
£150m) and a realised loss of £36m (2019: realised loss of £100m).
PAC’s shareholder fund has also entered into a risk management arrangement with the WPSF in relation to the shareholder
transfers expected to emerge from the WPSF, specifically with regard to the PruFund new business written during 2018 to 2020.
This arrangement is designed to protect the shareholders against extremely weak market returns. This arrangement resulted in a
£26m unrealised loss for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: unrealised loss of £25m).

34.7.2 Other shareholder hedging arrangements
The Group’s shareholder fund has purchased interest rate swap instruments to protect the capital position against interest rate
movements. For the year ended 31 December 2020, these instruments resulted in an unrealised gain of £94m (2019: unrealised
loss of £60m) and a realised gain of £17m (2019: nil).

35 Contingencies and related obligations
35.1 Litigation, tax and regulatory matters
In addition to the matters set out in Note 30 regarding regulatory provisions in relation to annuity sales practices, and in Note 9.3
regarding the portfolio dividend tax litigation, the Group is involved in various litigation and regulatory issues. While the outcome
of such litigation and regulatory issues cannot be predicted with certainty, the Directors believe that their ultimate outcome will
not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

35.2 Guarantees
Guarantee funds provide for payments to be made to policyholders on behalf of insolvent life insurance companies and
are financed by payments assessed on solvent insurance companies based on location, volume and types of business.
The estimated reserve for future guarantee fund assessments is not significant, and adequate reserves are available for all
anticipated payments for known insolvencies.


256 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
35 Contingencies and related obligations continued
M&G plc has acted as a guarantor for the 10 Fenchurch Avenue lease between Saxon Land B.V. and M&G Corporate Services Limited.




                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
M&G plc has acted as a guarantor for M&G Regulated Entity Holding Company Limited to Royal London for any obligations under
the transaction documents for the purchase of Ascentric. This guarantee will remain in place for a year following completion on
1 September 2020.
The Group has also provided other guarantees and commitments to third parties entered into in the normal course of business,
but the Group does not consider that the amounts involved are significant.

35.3 Support for the With-Profits Fund by shareholders
PAC is liable to meet its obligations to with-profits policyholders even if the assets of the with-profits sub-funds are insufficient
to do so. The assets, represented by the unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund, in excess of amounts expected to be
paid for future terminal bonuses and related shareholder transfers (“the excess assets”) in the with-profits sub-funds could be
materially depleted over time by, for example, a significant or sustained equity market downturn. In the unlikely circumstance that


                                                                                                                                          Governance
the depletion of the excess assets within the with-profits sub-funds was such that the Group’s ability to satisfy policyholders’
reasonable expectations was adversely affected, or otherwise not able to meet its obligations to treat the with-profits
policyholders fairly, it might become necessary to restrict the annual distribution to shareholders or to contribute shareholders’
funds to the with-profits sub-funds to provide financial support.
The following matters are of relevance with respect to the With-Profits Fund:

35.3.1 Pension mis-selling review
The Pensions mis-selling review covers customers who were sold personal pensions between 29 April 1988 and 30 June 1994,
and who were advised to transfer out, not join, or opt out of their employer’s Defined Benefit Pension Scheme. During the initial




                                                                                                                                          Financial information
review some customers were issued with guarantees that redress will be calculated on retirement or transfer of their policies.
The provision continues to cover these customers.
Whilst PAC believed it met the requirements of the FSA (the UK insurance regulator) to issue offers of redress to all impacted
customers by 30 June 2002, there is a population of customers who, whilst an attempt was made at the time to invite them to
participate in the review, may not have received their invitation. These customers have been re-engaged, to ensure they have the
opportunity to take part in the review. The provision also covers this population. Currently, a provision amounting to £303m as at
31 December 2020 (2019: £420m) is being held in relation to this within insurance contract liabilities.
The key assumptions underlying the provisions are:
– average cost of redressal per customer; and
– proportion of provision (reserve rate) held for soft close cases (where all reasonable steps have been taken to contact the




                                                                                                                                          Other information
  customer but the customer has not engaged with the review).
Sensitivities of the value of the provision to a change in assumptions are as follows:

                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020        2019
Assumption                                                                       Change in assumption                  £m         £m
Average cost of redressal                                                        increase/decrease by 10%          +/- 10      +/- 20
Reserve rate for soft closed cases                                               increase/decrease by 10%          +/- 30      +/- 30


Costs arising from this review are met by the excess assets of the with-profits sub-fund and hence have not been charged to
the asset shares used in the determination of policyholder bonus rates. An assurance was given that these deductions from
excess assets would not impact PAC’s bonus or investment policy for policies within the with-profits sub-funds that were in
force at 31 December 2003. This assurance does not apply to new business since 1 January 2004. In the unlikely event that such
deductions would affect the bonus or investment policy for the relevant policies, the assurance provides that support would
be made available to the sub-fund from PAC’s shareholder resources for as long as the situation continued, so as to ensure
that PAC’s policyholders were not disadvantaged. PAC’s comfort in its ability to make such support available was supported by
related intra-group arrangements between Prudential plc and PAC, which formalised the circumstances in which capital support
would be made available to PAC by Prudential plc. These intra-group arrangements terminated on 21 October 2019, following the
Demerger of M&G plc from Prudential plc, at which time intra-group arrangements formalising the circumstances in which M&G
plc would make capital support available to PAC became effective.

35.3.2 With-profits options and guarantees
Certain policies within the With-Profits Fund give potentially valuable guarantees to policyholders, or options to change policy
benefits which can be exercised at the policyholders’ discretion. These options and guarantees are valued as part of the
policyholder liabilities. Please refer to Note 27.1 for further details on these options and guarantees.




                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 257
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




36 Commitments
The Group leases various offices to conduct its business. In line with the requirements of IFRS 16, the Group has recognised a
lease liability in respect of these leases representing the obligation to make future lease payments. For further information on the
lease liability see Note 29.
In addition, the Group has provided, from time to time, certain guarantees and commitments to third parties including funding
the purchase or development of land and buildings and other related matters. The contractual obligations to purchase or develop
investment property as at 31 December 2020 were £1,462m (2019: £1,569mi).
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had undrawn commitments of £3,144m to third parties (2019: £2,770mi) of which £965m
(2019: £757m) was committed by its private equity and infrastructure funds. These commitments were entered into in the normal
course of business and no material adverse impact on the operations is expected to arise.
i   The contractual obligation to purchase or develop investment property and the further undrawn commitments to third parties, as reported in the
    31 December 2019 Annual Report and Accounts, have been restated due to better information being available.

37 Related party transactions
The Group and its related parties comprise members of the M&G plc Group, as well as the Group’s joint ventures and associates,
and any entity controlled by those parties.

37.1 Transactions with Prudential plc
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group earned revenue of £16m and incurred expenses of £63m with entities of the
Prudential plc group up to the point of demerger on 21 October 2019, at which point Prudential plc group entities ceased to be
related parties.

37.2 Transactions with the Group’s joint ventures and associates
The Group received dividends of £19m for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: £192m) and made additional capital
injections of £5m in the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: £4m) into joint ventures or associates accounted for using the
equity method. In addition, the Group had balances due from joint ventures or associates accounted for using the equity method
of £133m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £132m) and balances due to joint ventures or associates accounted for using the equity
method of £nil as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £nil).
Furthermore, in the normal course of business a number of investments into and divestments from investment vehicles managed
by the Group were made. This includes investment vehicles which are classified as investments in associates and joint ventures
measured at FVTPL. The Group entities paid amounts for the issue of shares or units and received amounts for the cancellation
of shares or units. These transactions are not considered to be material to the Group.

37.3 Compensation of key management personnel
The members of the Executive Committee, which was formed in 2019, are deemed to have power to influence the direction,
planning and control the activities of the Group, and hence are also considered to be key management personnel.
Key management personnel of the Company may from time to time purchase insurance, asset management or annuity products
marketed by the Group companies in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the
time for comparable transactions with other persons.
Other transactions with key management personnel are not deemed to be significant either by virtue of their size or in the context
of the key management personnel’s respective financial positions. All of these transactions are on terms broadly equivalent to
those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.
The summary of compensation of key management personnel is as follows:

                                                                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                                                     2020            2019
                                                                                                                                       £m             £m
Salaries and short-term benefits                                                                                                      11.7           11.1
Post-employment benefits                                                                                                               0.6           0.6
Share-based payments                                                                                                                   4.0           5.9
Total                                                                                                                                 16.3           17.6


Information concerning individual directors’ emoluments, interests and transactions are provided in the single figure tables in the
Annual Report on Remuneration on pages 118 and 125.




258 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
38 Capital management
38.1 Capital regulations of entities within the Group




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
The Group is regulated under Solvency II and supervised as an insurance group by the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Group manages Solvency II own funds as its measure of capital. As at 31 December 2020, estimated and unaudited Group
Solvency II own funds are £15.5bn (2019: £14.9bn).
The Solvency II surplus represents the aggregated capital (own funds) held by the Group less the solvency capital requirement
(SCR). Own funds is the Solvency II measure of capital available to meet losses, and is based on the assets less liabilities of the
Group, subject to certain restrictions and adjustments. The SCR is calculated using the Group’s Internal Model, which calculates
the SCR as the 99.5th percentile (or 1-in-200) worst outcome over the coming year, out of 100,000 equally likely scenarios,
allowing for the dependency between the risks the business is exposed to.
The regulated entities within the Group are also subject to local capital regulations. Capital is actively managed to ensure that
local regulatory requirements are met. The main regulated entities in the Group and the regulatory framework to which they must
adhere are listed below:


                                                                                                                                                  Governance
    Entity                                                                                    Main activity             Regulatory framework
M&G plc                                                                                        Insurance                           Solvency II
The Prudential Assurance Company Limited                                                       Insurance                           Solvency II
Prudential International Assurance plc                                                         Insurance                           Solvency II
Prudential Pensions Limited                                                                    Insurance                           Solvency II
M&G Group Limited (including subsidiaries)                                        Investment management                                BIPRUi
Investment Funds Direct Limited                                                       Investment services                              IFPRUii




                                                                                                                                                  Financial information
i     Prudential Sourcebook for Banks, Building Societies and Investment Firms.
ii    Prudential Sourcebook for Investment Firms.

All Group entities that were subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements complied with them throughout
the year.

38.2 Group capital position
38.2.1 Regulatory capital position
The regulatory capital position of the Group takes into account all Group exposures, including that of the With-Profits Fund.
This view of capital recognises the ring-fenced nature of the With-Profits Fund, and on consolidation surplus in the fund can
only be recognised to the level of associated SCR with any excess surplus being eliminated as a ring-fenced fund restriction,



                                                                                                                                                  Other information
effectively restricting the solvency coverage ratio of the With-Profits Fund to 100%. As such, the combined “regulatory”
solvency coverage ratio is highly resilient to movements in the With-Profits Fund’s own funds.
The estimated and unaudited Solvency II capital position for the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 is
shown below:

                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                            2020         2019
                                                                                                                             £bn          £bn
Solvency II own funds                                                                                                       15.5         14.9
Solvency II SCR                                                                                                            (10.7)        (10.4)
Solvency II surplus                                                                                                          4.8          4.5
Solvency II coverage ratioi                                                                                               144%          143%

i     Solvency II coverage ratio has been calculated using unrounded figures.

The results include transitional measures, which are presented assuming a recalculation as at the valuation date, using
management’s estimate of the impact of operating and market conditions. As at 31 December 2020, the recalculated transitional
measures do not align to the latest approved regulatory position and therefore the estimated and unaudited Solvency II capital
position will differ to the position disclosed in the formal regulatory Quantitative Reporting Templates and Group Solvency and
Financial Condition Report.

38.2.2 Shareholder capital position
The Group focuses on a shareholder view of the Solvency II capital position, which is considered to provide a more relevant
reflection of the capital strength of the Group. The Group’s shareholder Solvency II capital position excludes the contribution to
own funds and SCR from the ring-fenced With-Profits Fund. Further information on the ring-fenced With-Profits Fund’s capital
position is provided in section 1.4.5 of Supplementary Information.




                                                                                                 M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 259
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




38 Capital management continued
The estimated and unaudited shareholder Solvency II capital position for the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December
2019 is shown below.

                                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                                                         £bn            £bn
Shareholder Solvency II own funds                                                                                       10.6           10.3
Shareholder Solvency II SCR                                                                                             (5.8)          (5.8)
Solvency II surplus                                                                                                      4.8           4.5
Shareholder Solvency II coverage ratioi                                                                                182%       176%

i    Shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio has been calculated using unrounded figures.

38.3 Meeting of capital management objectives
The Group manages its capital on a Solvency II basis to ensure that sufficient own funds are available on an ongoing basis to
meet regulatory capital requirements. This is achieved by targeting a capital buffer significantly in excess of regulatory capital
requirements. This buffer is intended to absorb the impact of stressed market conditions and thus make the Solvency II balance
sheet under the regulatory view resilient to stresses that affect the Group’s business.
A range of stress and scenario testing is carried out across the business, including certain scenarios mandated by the regulator.
The sensitivity of liabilities and other components of total capital vary, depending upon the type of business concerned, and this
influences the approach to asset/liability management.
In addition, projections are performed to understand how the own funds and capital position is expected to develop and how
this might be affected by adverse events taking place. Informed by the results of these projections there are a number of actions
available to management to strengthen the own funds position.
As well as holding sufficient capital to meet regulatory requirements, the Group also closely manages the cash it holds so that
it can:
– maintain flexibility, fund new opportunities and absorb shock events;
– meet liabilities to policyholders and other obligations;
– fund dividends; and
– cover central costs and debt payments.

39 Share-based payments
The Group operates various share-based payment schemes that award M&G plc shares to participants upon meeting the
required vesting conditions. Details of those schemes are stated below:

39.1 Description of the plans
Discretionary schemes initiated prior to demerger:

    Scheme                Description
Long-term                 The LTIP is a conditional share plan: the shares awarded will ordinarily be released to participants after
Incentive                 three years to the extent that performance conditions have been met.
Plan (LTIP)               If performance conditions are not achieved in full, the unvested portion of any award lapses. The
                          performance conditions attached to LTIP awards include market performance conditions; Relative Total
                          Shareholder Return (TSR); and other non-market conditions, including measures linked to profit. The
                          performance conditions attached to each award are dependent on the role of the participants. Threshold
                          and maximum achievement levels will be set at the beginning of the performance periods in line with the
                          three-year business plan.
Annual Incentive          Certain senior executives participate in the AIP where a portion of the individual’s bonus is delivered in
Plan (AIP)                the form of shares that are released after three years. There are no performance conditions associated
                          with the plan.
Group Deferred    Under these plans, part of the participant’s annual bonus is paid in the form of a share award that vests after three
Bonus Plan (GDBP) years. Other than the service condition, there are no other performance conditions associated with this plan.
Restricted Share          Awards under this plan are discretionary and ad-hoc, and the vesting of awards may be subject to performance
Plan (RSP)                conditions. These awards may be retention awards, new joiner awards and promotion-related awards.


Prior to demerger, all discretionary schemes mentioned above were based on Prudential plc awards. At the point of demerger
and subsequent listing of M&G plc, all outstanding discretionary awards were replaced with equivalent awards based on M&G plc
shares. The scheme rules for the awards remain the same in principle, except for the LTIP awards, for which the relevant metrics
would be based on M&G plc as opposed to Prudential plc performance.

260 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
39 Share-based payments continued
In accordance with IFRS 2, the replacement awards have been accounted for as a modification of the previous scheme and the
expense in relation to the scheme will continue to be recorded over the remaining vesting period.



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
Up until the point of demerger, the schemes were treated as cash-settled as schemes were not based on M&G plc shares but it
had the obligation to settle the award. At the point of demerger, the schemes were converted to equity-settled as the awards will
be settled in M&G plc shares.

Discretionary schemes initiated post demerger:
Scheme               Description
Performance          The PSP is a conditional share plan: the shares awarded will ordinarily be released to participants after a
Share Plan (PSP)     predetermined period, usually three years, to the extent that performance conditions have been met.
                     If performance conditions are not achieved in full, the unvested portion of any award lapses. The performance
                     conditions attached to PSP awards include market performance conditions; Relative Total Shareholder
                     Return (TSR); and other non-market conditions, including capital generation measures. The performance

                                                                                                                                           Governance
                     conditions attached to each award are dependent on the role of the participants. Threshold and maximum
                     achievement levels will be set at the beginning of the performance periods in line with the business plan.
Deferred Incentive Under these plans, part of the participant’s Annual Bonus is paid in the form of a share award that vests
Plan (DIP)         after three or four years. Other than the service condition, there are no other performance conditions
                   associated with this plan.


Approved schemes:
Share scheme         Description
Save As You Earn     The Group operates SAYE plans, which allow eligible employees the opportunity to save a monthly amount




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
(SAYE) plans         from their salaries, over either a three or five-year period, which can be used to purchase shares in M&G plc
                     at a predetermined price subject to the employee remaining in employment for three years after the grant
                     date of the options and satisfying the monthly savings requirement.
Share Incentive      In addition, to celebrate the demerger, all eligible employees were provided with 920 M&G plc shares with a
Plan (SIP):          value of £2,000 at the date of grant. The awards vest subject to the employee remaining in employment for
free shares          two years.


All approved schemes are accounted for as equity-settled as the awards would be settled in M&G plc shares.
The approved SAYE and SIP schemes for employees of the Group that operated prior to demerger were cancelled with all
participants treated as good leavers. This resulted in an incremental expense of £0.8m recorded at the date of demerger.




                                                                                                                                           Other information
Prior to demerger, these schemes were accounted for as equity-settled as Prudential plc had the obligation to settle
these awards.

39.2 Outstanding options and awards
Movements in outstanding options and awards under the Group’s share-based compensation are as follows:

                                                                                                        2020
                                                                                Outstanding options under    Awards outstanding under
                                                                                           SAYE schemes                incentive plans
Outstanding as at 1 January                                                                  12,978,387                    36,161,940
Granted                                                                                     19,045,436                    50,500,051
Exercised                                                                                               —                  (6,535,481)
Forfeited/Expired                                                                            (8,350,624)                    (3,115,129)
Outstanding at 31 December                                                                   23,673,199                    77,011,381
Options immediately exercisable at 31 December                                                  376,435                          1,056

                                                                                                        2019
                                                                                 Outstanding options under     Awards outstanding under
                                                                                            SAYE schemes                 incentive plans
Outstanding as at 21 October                                                                            —                  29,893,748
Granted                                                                                      12,978,387                      7,212,236
Exercised                                                                                               —                    (944,044)
Outstanding at 31 December                                                                   12,978,387                    36,161,940
Options immediately exercisable at 31 December                                                          —                             —




                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 261
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




39 Share-based payments continued
The following tables provides a summary of the range of exercise prices for the SAYE options. The awards under the other
schemes do not have an exercise price:

                                                                    Weighted average
                                                             remaining contractual life           Weighted average
                                          Number outstanding                  (years)              exercise price (£)      Number exercisable
                                                       2020                     2020                           2020                     2020
Between £1 and £2                                23,673,199                         3.19                       1.42                  376,435

                                                                      Weighted average
                                                                remaining contractual life        Weighted average
                                          Number outstanding                     (years)           exercise price (£)      Number exercisable
                                                        2019                       2019                         2019                     2019
Between £1 and £2                                12,978,387                         3.49                       1.84                          —


39.3 Fair value of options and awards
The fair value of all awards is based on the M&G plc share price at the date of grant, except for the following:
– Awards with market performance conditions based on Total Shareholder Returns (TSR awards) these include the LTIP TSR
  awards granted in 2019 and certain PSP awards granted in 2020; and
– SAYE options.
The determination of the fair value of these awards requires the use of various assumptions which are disclosed below:

                                                                                             Awards granted in 2020     Awards granted in 2019
                                                                                               PSP TSR         SAYE      LTIP TSR        SAYE
                                                                                                 award       options       award       options
Dividend yield (%)                                                                                 n/a      11.14%            n/a        7.3%
Expected volatility (%)                                                                           45%        33.1%        22.5%        20.0%
Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                    0.49%         0.13%          0.8%        0.8%
Expected option life (years)                                                                       n/a         3.65           n/a        3.68
Weighted average exercise price (£)                                                                n/a         1.29           n/a        1.84
Weighted average share price at grant date (£)                                                    1.09          1.61         2.18        2.44
Weighted average fair value at grant date (£)                                                     0.15         0.21          0.21        0.33


The Group uses the Black-Scholes model to value the SAYE options whereas the TSR performance conditions are valued using a
Monte Carlo simulation model. In determining the fair value of options granted, the historic volatility of the share price of suitable
peers and a risk-free rate determined by reference to swap rates was also considered.

39.4 Share-based payment expense charged to the consolidated income statement
Total expenses recognised in the year in the consolidated financial statements relating to equity-settled share-based
compensation as at 31 December 2020 was £51m (2019: £26m). Of the expense for the year ended 31 December 2019, £22m
relates to the period until the point of demerger and £4m relates to the period post demerger. The Group has no outstanding
liabilities at the year end relating to awards which are settled in cash.




262 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
40 Post balance sheet events
On 5 March 2021, M&G FA Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group agreed to acquire a further 0.13% of the share
capital of Prudential Portfolio Managers (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd (PPMSA) for a cash consideration of £0.2m. The transaction is



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
expected to complete by mid-2021, subject to necessary regulatory, exchange control and competition approvals in South Africa
and Namibia.
The transaction would result in M&G FA Limited’s holding in PPMSA to increase from 49.99% to 50.12%. The Group currently
accounts for the investment as an associate using the equity method. Following the transaction, the Group will control PPMSA
and it will be consolidated in the Group financial statements.
Furthermore, it is intended that M&G Group Limited will provide a guarantee in respect of an existing bank facility of the
transaction counterparty amounting to ZAR 220m, which will be secured against a further 7% shareholding that the seller
retains in PPMSA.
There are no other post balance sheet events to report.



                                                                                                                                           Governance
41 Related undertakings
In accordance with Section 409 of the Companies Act 2006, a list of the Group’s subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and
significant holdings (being holdings of more than 20%), along with the classes of shares held, the registered office address and
the country of incorporation and the effective percentage of equity owned at 31 December 2020 is disclosed below.
The definitions of a subsidiary undertaking, joint venture and associate in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 are different
from the definition under IFRS. As a result, the related undertakings included within the list below may not be the same as the
undertakings consolidated in the Group IFRS statements. The Group’s consolidation policy is described in Note 1.5.
Direct subsidiary undertakings of the Parent Company, M&G plc (shares held directly or via nominees).




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
Key to classes of shares held: Limited by guarantee (LBG), Limited partnership interest (LPI), Ordinary shares (OS), Preference
shares (PS), Units (U).

                                                   Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                                     shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation
M&G Group Regulated Entity Holding Company
Limited (formerly known as Pru Limited and now
a direct subsidiary of M&G plc)                OS                100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Corporate Holdings Limited                     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Capital Holding Company Limited         OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Capital Public Limited Company          OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK



                                                                                                                                           Other information
Prudential Financial Services Limited              OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Property Services Limited               OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK


Other subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and significant holdings of the Group (no shares held directly by the Parent
Company, M&G plc or its nominees).




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 263
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




41 Related undertakings continued

                                                  Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                                    shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation
10FA India Private Limited (formerly known as     OS            100%         Prudential House, Mumbai, India
Prudential Global Services Private Limited)
ANRP II (AIV VI FC), L.P.                         LPI           43%          Cayman Corporate Centre, 27 Hospital Road,
                                                                             George Town, KY 9008, Cayman Islands
BWAT Retail Nominee (1) Limited                   OS            50%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
BWAT Retail Nominee (2) Limited                   OS            50%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Canada Property (Trustee) No 1 Limited            OS            100%         180 Dundas Street West, Toronto, M5G 1Z8, Canada
Canada Property Holdings Limited                  OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Cardinal Distribution Park                        OS            66%          5th Floor Cavendish House, 39 Waterloo Street,
Management Limited                                                           Birmingham, B2 5PP, UK
Carraway Guildford (Nominee A) Limited            OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
Carraway Guildford (Nominee B) Limited            OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
Carraway Guildford General Partner Limited        OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Carraway Guildford Investments Unit Trust         OS            100%         13 Castle Street, St Helier, JE4 5UT, Jersey
Carraway Guildford Limited Partnership            LPI           50%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Centaurus Retail LLP                              LPI           50%          40 Broadway, London, SW1H 0BU, UK
Centre Capital Non-Qualified Investors IV         LPI           67%          Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Rd.,
AIV Orion, L.P.                                                              Suite 400, Wilmington, DE, 19808, United States
Centre Capital Non-Qualified Investors IV         LPI           88%          Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Rd.,
AIV-ELS, L.P.                                                                Suite 400, Wilmington, DE, 19808, United States
Centre Capital Non-Qualified Investors IV, L.P.   LPI           63%          Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Rd.,
                                                                             Suite 400, Wilmington, DE, 19808, United States
Centre Capital Non-Qualified Investors V          LPI           58%          Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Rd.,
AIV-ELS LP                                                                   Suite 400, Wilmington, DE, 19808, United States
Centre Capital Non-Qualified                      LPI           61%          Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Rd.,
Investors V LP                                                               Suite 400, Wilmington, DE, 19808, United States
China Bond Fund                                   U             100%         26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
CJPT Real Estate Inc.                             OS            100%         180 Dundas Street West, Toronto, M5G 1Z8, Canada
CJPT Real Estate No. 1 Trust                      U             100%         180 Dundas Street West, Toronto, M5G 1Z8, Canada
CJPT Real Estate No. 2 Trust                      U             100%         180 Dundas Street West, Toronto, M5G 1Z8, Canada
Cribbs Causeway JV Limited                        OS            50%          40 Broadway, London, SW1H 0BT, UK
Cribbs Causeway Merchants Association Limited LBG               20%          The Mall at Cribbs Causeway, Bristol, BS34 5DG, UK
Cribbs Mall Nominee (1) Limited                   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Digital Infrastructure Investment Partners GP LLP LPI           65%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Digital Infrastructure Investment Partners        OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
GP1 Limited
Digital Infrastructure Investment Partners SLP    LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
GP LLP                                                                       EH3 9WJ, UK
Digital Infrastructure Investment Partners SLP    OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
GP1 Limited
Digital Infrastructure Investment Partners SLP    OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
GP2 Limited
Debt Investments Opportunities IV                 U             26%          Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street,
                                                                             Dublin 2, Ireland
Eastspring Investments – Asian Local Bond Fund U                100%         26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Eastspring Investments – Asian Smaller            U             100%         26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Companies Fund
Eastspring Investments – Asian Total Return       U             100%         26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Bond Fund
Eastspring Investments – Developed and            U             79%          26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Emerging Asia Equity Fund
Eastspring Investments – Global Emerging          U             100%         26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Markets Customized Equity Fund
Eastspring Investments – Global Emerging          U             100%         26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Markets Dynamic Fund

264 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
41 Related undertakings continued

                                              Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                                shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation




                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
Eastspring Investments – Japan Smaller        U             60%          26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Companies Fund
Eastspring Investments Asian Bond Fund        U             51%          26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Eastspring Investments SICAV-FIS Africa       U             100%         26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Equity Fund
Eastspring Investments US Equity Income Fund U              100%         26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Edger Investments Limited                     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
EF IV Schoolhill GP Limited                   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Embankment GP Limited                         OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Embankment Nominee 1 Limited                  OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK


                                                                                                                                      Governance
Embankment Nominee 2 Limited                  OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Episode Inc                                   LPI           94%          c/o Intertrust Cayman Islands, 190 Elgin Avenue,
                                                                         George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-9005,
                                                                         Cayman Islands
Falan GP Limited                              OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                         EH3 9WJ, UK
Fashion Square ECO LP (In liquidation)        LPI           50%          1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE 19801, USA
Folios III Designated Activity Company        OS            49%          Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street,
                                                                         Dublin 2, Ireland




                                                                                                                                      Financial information
Folios IV Designated Activity Company         OS            77%          Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street,
                                                                         Dublin 2, Ireland
Fort Kinnaird GP Limited                      OS            50%          York House, 45 Seymour Street, London,
                                                                         W1H 7LX, UK
Fort Kinnaird Limited Partnership             LPI           50%          York House, 45 Seymour Street, London,
                                                                         W1H 7LX, UK
Foudry Properties Limited                     OS            50%          Clearwater Court, Vastern Road, Reading
                                                                         RG1 8DB, UK
Fundsdirect ISA Nominees Limited              OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Fundsdirect Nominees Limited                  OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK




                                                                                                                                      Other information
Genny GP 1 LLP                                LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Genny GP 2 Limited                            OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                         EH3 9WJ, UK
Genny GP Limited                              OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                         EH3 9WJ, UK
George Digital GP 1 LLP                       LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                         EH3 9WJ, UK
George Digital GP 2 Limited                   OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                         EH3 9WJ, UK
George Digital GP Limited                     OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                         EH3 9WJ, UK
GGE GP Limited                                OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                         EH3 9WJ, UK
Green GP Limited                              OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                         EH3 9WJ, UK
Greenpark (Reading) General Partner Limited   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Greenpark (Reading) Nominee No. 1 Limited     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
GreenPark (Reading) Nominee No. 2 Limited     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
GS R100 GP Limited                            OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                         EH3 9WJ, UK
Harben Finance 2017-1 PLC                     OS            100%         251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, DE, 19801, USA
HCR Canary Fund                               LPI           100%         30 Atlantic Street, Suite 600, Stamford, CT 06901
Holborn Bars Nominees Limited                 OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
IFDL Personal Pensions Limited                OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
IGP Realisations I GP LLP                     LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                         EH3 9WJ, UK

                                                                                      M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 265
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




41 Related undertakings continued

                                                Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                                  shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation
Infracapital (AIRI) GP Limited                  OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (Belmond) GP Limited               OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (Bio) GP Limited                   OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (Churchill) GP 1 Limited           OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital (Churchill) GP LLP                 LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital (GC) GP Limited                    OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (Gigaclear) GP 1 Limited           OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (Gigaclear) GP 2 Limited           OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (Gigaclear) GP LLP                 LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (IT PPP) GP Limited                OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (Leo) GP Limited                   OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (Novos) GP Limited                 OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (Sense) GP Limited                 OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (TLSB) GP Limited                  OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital (TLSB) SLP LP                      LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital DF II GP LLP                       LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital DF II Limited                      OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Employee Feeder GP 1 LLP           LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Employee Feeder GP Limited         OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital F1 GP2 Limited                     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital F2 GP Limited                      OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital F2 GP1 Limited                     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital GP 1 LLP                           LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital GP 2 LLP                           LPI           100%         Unit 2, Spinnaker Court, 1c Becketts Place,
                                                                           Hampton Wick, Kingston upon Thames, KT1 4EQ, UK
Infracapital GP II Limited                      OS            100%         Unit 2, Spinnaker Court, 1c Becketts Place,
                                                                           Hampton Wick, Kingston upon Thames, KT1 4EQ, UK
Infracapital GP Limited                         OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital Greenfield DF GP LLP               LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Greenfield Partners 1 SLP          OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
GP1 Limited                                                                EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Greenfield Partners 1 SLP          OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
GP2 Limited                                                                EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Greenfield Partners I LP           LPI           22%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital Greenfield Partners I Employee     LPI           76%          50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
Feeder LP                                                                  EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Greenfield Partners I GP Limited   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK



266 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
41 Related undertakings continued

                                                   Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                                     shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation




                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
Infracapital Greenfield Partners I GP2 Limited     OS            100%         Unit 2, Spinnaker Court, 1c Becketts Place, Hampton
                                                                              Wick, Kingston upon Thames, Surrey, KT1 4EQ, UK
Infracapital Greenfield Partners I SLP EF GP LLP   LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                              EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Greenfield Partners I SLP LP          LPI           36%          50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                              EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Greenfield Partners I SLP2 LP         LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                              EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Greenfield Partners I Subholdings     OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
GP Limited                                                                    EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Greenfield Partners II GP S.à r.l     OS            100%         6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Luxembourg

                                                                                                                                            Governance
Infracapital Greenfield Partners II Subholdings    OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
GP1 Limited
Infracapital Greenfield Partners II Subholdings    OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
GP2 Limited
Infracapital Greenfield Partners II Subholdings    LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
(Euro) GP LLP
Infracapital Greenfield Partners II Subholdings    LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
(Sterling) GP LLP




                                                                                                                                            Financial information
Infracapital Partners II LP                        LPI           26%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital Partners II Subholdings GP Limited    OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                              EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital Partners III GP S.à r.l               OS            100%         6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Luxembourg
Infracapital Partners III Subholdings (Euro)       LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
GP LLP
Infracapital Partners III Subholdings (Sterling)   LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
GP LLP
Infracapital Partners III Subholdings GP1 Limited OS             100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital Partners III Subholdings GP2 Limited OS             100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Infracapital Partners LP                           LPI           33%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK



                                                                                                                                            Other information
Infracapital Sisu GP Limited                       OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                              EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital SLP II LP                             LPI           40%          50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                              EH3 9WJ, UK
Infracapital SLP Limited                           OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Innisfree M&G PPP LLP                              LPI           35%          Boundary House, 91-93 Charterhouse Street,
                                                                              London, EC1M 6HR, UK
Invesco Managed Growth Fund (UK)                   U             21%          Perpetual Park Drive, Henley-on-Thames,
                                                                              Oxfordshire, RG9 1HH, UK
Investment Funds Direct Group Limited              OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Investment Funds Direct Holdings Limited           OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Investment Funds Direct Limited                    OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
KBI ACWI Equity Fund                               U             20%          KBI Global Investors (North America) Ltd, One Boston
                                                                              Place, 201 Washington Street Boston, MA 02108
Leadenhall Unit Trust                              OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
LF Prudential European QIS Fund                    U             92%          65 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NQ, UK
LF Prudential Japanese QIS Fund                    U             98%          65 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NQ, UK
LF Prudential Risk Managed Active 2                U             26%          17 Rochester Row, London, SW1P 1QT, UK
LF Prudential Risk Managed Active 3                U             27%          17 Rochester Row, London, SW1P 1QT, UK
LF Prudential Risk Managed Active 4                U             36%          17 Rochester Row, London, SW1P 1QT, UK
LF Prudential Risk Managed Active 5                U             32%          17 Rochester Row, London, SW1P 1QT, UK
LF Prudential Risk Managed Passive Fund 1          U             47%          17 Rochester Row, London, SW1P 1QT, UK
LF Prudential Risk Managed Passive Fund 3          U             22%          17 Rochester Row, London, SW1P 1QT, UK
LF Prudential North American QIS Fund              U             95%          65 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NQ, UK
LF Prudential Pacific Markets Trust Fund           U             98%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK

                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 267
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




41 Related undertakings continued

                                                Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                                  shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation
Lion Credit Opportunity Fund Public Limited     U             100%         53 Merrion Square South,
Company – Credit Opportunity Fund XV                                       Dublin 2, D02 PR63, Ireland
London Green Investments II SLP GP1 Limited     OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
London Green Investments II SLP GP2 Limited     OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
London Green Investments II SLP1 Employee       LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
Feeder GP LLP                                                              EH3 9WJ, UK
London Green Investments II SLP2 GP Limited     OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
London Stone Investments F3 Employee Feeder LPI               100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
GP LLP                                                                     EH3 9WJ, UK
London Stone Investments F3 I Limited           OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
London Stone Investments F3 II Limited          OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
London Stone Investments F3 SP GP LLP           LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
M&G (Guernsey) Limited                          OS            100%         Dorey Court, Admiral Park, St Peter Port,
                                                                           GY1 2HT, Guernsey
M&G Alternatives Investment                     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Management Limited
M&G Asia Property Fund                          OS            45%          16, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
M&G ACS CANADA INDEX FUND                       U             100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G ACS CHINA EQUITY FUND                       U             99%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G ACS JAPAN EQUITY FUND                       U             97%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G ACS UK 200 INDEX FUND                       U             99%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G ACS UK ALL SHARE INDEX FUND                 U             99%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G ACS UK LISTED EQUITY FUND                   U             99%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G ACS UK LISTED MID CAP FUND                  U             100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Corporate Bond Fund                         U             34%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Credit Income Investment Trust plc          OS            22%          Beaufort House, 51 New North Road, Exeter,
                                                                           EX4 4EP, UK
M&G Dividend Fund                               U             58%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Global High Yield Bond                      U             45%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Global High Yield ESG Bond Fund             U             63%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G European High Yield Credit                  U             27%          80, route d’Esch, L-1470, Luxembourg
Investment Fund
M&G European Property Fund SICAV-FIS            OS            39%          16 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
M&G European Select Fund                        U             43%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G FA Limited                                  OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Financial Services Limited                  OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Founders 1 Limited                          OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G General Partner Inc.                        OS            100%         190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman,
                                                                           KYI-9005, Cayman Islands
M&G Gilt & Fixed Interest Income Fund           U             59%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Group Limited                               OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G IMPPP 1 Limited                             OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G International Investments                   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Nominees Limited
M&G International Investments S.A.              OS            100%         16, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
M&G International Investments Switzerland AG    OS            100%         Talstrasse 66, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland
M&G Investment Funds (10) – M&G Positive        U             29%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Impact Fund


268 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
41 Related undertakings continued

                                            Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                              shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation




                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
M&G Investment Funds (4) – M&G Episode      U             27%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Allocation Fund
M&G Investment Funds (7) – M&G Global       U             66%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Convertibles Fund
M&G Investment Management Limited           OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Investments (Americas) Inc.             OS            100%         251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, DE, 19801, USA
M&G Investments (Australia) Pty Ltd         OS            100%         Level 6, 60 Martin Place, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
M&G Investments (Hong Kong) Limited         OS            100%         6th Floor, Alexander House, 18 Chater Road,
                                                                       Central, Hong Kong
M&G Investments (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.       OS            100%         138 Market Street, CapitaGreen #35-01,


                                                                                                                                    Governance
                                                                       048946, Singapore
M&G Investments (USA) Inc                   OS            100%         251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, DE, 19801, USA
M&G Investments Japan Co., Ltd.             OS            100%         3-1, Toranomon 4-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan
M&G Lux Emerging Markets Bond Fund          U             44%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Luxembourg S.A.                         OS            100%         16, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
M&G Management Services Limited             OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Nominees Limited                        OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Pan European Select Smaller             U             34%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK




                                                                                                                                    Financial information
Companies Fund
M&G PFI 2018 GP LLP                         LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                       EH3 9WJ, UK
M&G PFI 2018 GP1 Limited                    OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G PFI 2018 GP2 Limited                    OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G PFI Carry Partnership 2016 LP           LPI           25%          50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                       EH3 9WJ, UK
M&G PFI Partnership 2018 LP                 LPI           100%         8, rue Lou Hemmer, L-1748, Senningerberg,
                                                                       Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
M&G Platform Nominees Limited               OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Guernsey PCC Limited                    OS            100%         PO Box 34, St Martin's House, St Peter Port,



                                                                                                                                    Other information
                                                                       GY1 4AU, Guernsey
M&G Corporate Services Limited              OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G RE Espana, 2016, S.L.                   OS            100%         Calle Fortuny, 6 – 4 A, 28010, Madrid, Spain
M&G RE UKEV (GP1) LLP                       LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G RE UKEV 1 Limited                       OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G RE UKEV 1-A LP                          LPI           50%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Real Estate Asia Holding                OS            67%          138 Market Street, CapitaGreen #35-01,
Company Pte. Ltd.                                                      048946, Singapore
M&G Real Estate Asia PTE. Ltd.              OS            67%          138 Market Street, CapitaGreen #35-01,
                                                                       048946, Singapore
M&G Real Estate Funds Management S.à r.l.   OS            100%         16, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
M&G Real Estate Japan Co., Ltd.             OS            100%         9/F Shiroyama Trust Tower, 4-3-1 Toranomon,
                                                                       Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-6009, Japan
M&G Real Estate Korea Co., Ltd.             OS            67%          Jongno 1-ga, Kyobo Building, Seoul, Korea
M&G Real Estate Limited                     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Real Estate UK Enhanced Value LP        LPI           50%          50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                       EH3 9WJ, UK
M&G Real Estate UKEV (GP) LLP               LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G RED II Employee Feeder GP Limited       OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                       EH3 9WJ, UK
M&G RED II GP Limited                       OS            100%         De Catapan House, Grange Road, St Peter Port,
                                                                       GY1 2QG, Guernsey
M&G RED II SLP GP Limited                   OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                       EH3 9WJ, UK
M&G RED II SLP LP                           LPI           28%          50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                       EH3 9WJ, UK

                                                                                    M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 269
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




41 Related undertakings continued

                                                Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                                  shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation
M&G RED III Employee Feeder GP Limited          OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
M&G RED III GP Limited                          OS            100%         De Catapan House, Grange Road, St Peter Port,
                                                                           GY1 2QG, Guernsey
M&G RED III SLP GP Limited                      OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
M&G RED III SLP LP                              LPI           25%          50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
M&G RPF GP Limited                              OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G RPF Nominee 1 Limited                       OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G RPF Nominee 2 Limited                       OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Securities Limited                          OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G SFF (CIP GP) Sárl                           OS            100%         51, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg
M&G SFF (GP) Sárl                               OS            100%         51, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg
M&G Shared Ownership LP                         LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G Shared Ownership GP Limited                 OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G SIF Management Company (Ireland) Limited OS               100%         5 George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland
M&G Sustainable Multi Asset Fund                U             69%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G UK Companies Financing Fund II LP           LPI           48%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G UK Property Fund                            OS            98%          16, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
M&G UK Property GP Limited                      OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G UK Property Nominee 1 Limited               OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G UK Property Nominee 2 Limited               OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G UK Residential Property Fund                LPI           26%          34-38, avenue de la Liberté, L-1931, Luxembourg
M&G UK Shared Ownership Limited                 OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G UKCF II GP Limited                          OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G UKEV (SLP) General Partner LLP              LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
M&G UKEV (SLP) LP                               LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Manchester JV Limited                           OS            50%          40 Broadway, London, SW1H 0BU, UK
Manchester Nominee (1) Limited                  OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
MCF S.r.l.                                      OS            45%          Via Montenapoleone 29 CAP, 20121, Milan, Italy
Minster Court Estate Management Limited         OS            56%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
NAPI REIT, Inc                                  OS            99%          300 E Lombard Street, Baltimore, MD 21202, USA
Oaktree Business Park Limited                   OS            14%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Old Kingsway LP                                 LPI           100%         2711 Centreville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington,
                                                                           DE 19808, USA
Optimus Point Management Company Limited        OS            52%          Barrat House, Cartwright Way, Bardon Hill, Coalville,
                                                                           LE67 1UF, UK
Pacus (UK) Limited                              OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
PAP Trustee Pty Limited                         OS            100%         Level 17 Tower One, International Towers,
                                                                           Barangaroo, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia
PGDS (UK One) Limited                           OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
PGF Management Company (Ireland) Limited        OS            50%          5 George’s Dock, Dublin 1, D01 X8N7, Ireland
PPM America Private Equity Fund III LP          LPI           50%          874 Walker Road, Suite C, City of Dover, County
                                                                           of Kent, State of Delaware 19904, United States
PPM America Private Equity Fund IV LP           LPI           50%          874 Walker Road, Suite C, City of Dover, County
                                                                           of Kent, State of Delaware 19904, United States
PPM America Private Equity Fund V LP            LPI           50%          874 Walker Road, Suite C, City of Dover, County
                                                                           of Kent, State of Delaware 19904, United States
PPM America Private Equity Fund VI LP           LPI           40%          874 Walker Road, Suite C, City of Dover, County
                                                                           of Kent, State of Delaware 19904, United States
PPM America Private Equity Fund VII LP          LPI           46%          874 Walker Road, Suite C, City of Dover, County
                                                                           of Kent, State of Delaware 19904, United States

270 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
41 Related undertakings continued

                                                Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                                  shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation




                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
PPM Capital (Holdings) Limited                  OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
PPM Managers GP Limited                         OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
PPM Managers Partnership CI VII (A) LP          LPI           25%          50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
PPM Ventures (Asia) Limited (In liquidation)    OS            100%         13/F, One International Finance Centre,
                                                                           1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong
PPMC First Nominees Limited                     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Property Partners (Two Rivers) Limited          OS            50%          Bow Bells House, 1 Bread Street, London,
                                                                           EC4M 9HH, UK


                                                                                                                                         Governance
Pru Limited (formerly known as Prudential       OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Leasing Services Limited)
Prudence Limited                                OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential / M&G UKCF GP Limited                OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.        OS            100%         10 Marina Boulevard, #32-01,
                                                                           Marina Bay Financial Centre, 018983, Singapore
Prudential Corporate Pensions Trustee Limited   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Credit Opportunities SCSp            LPI           100%         1, Rue Hildegard von Bingen, L-1282, Luxembourg
Prudential Credit Opportunities 1 S.a.r.l.      OS            100%         1, Rue Hildegard von Bingen, L-1282, Luxembourg




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
Prudential Credit Opportunities GP S.a.r.l      OS            100%         1, Rue Hildegard von Bingen, L-1282, Luxembourg
Prudential Credit Opportunities 2 S.a.r.l       LPI           100%         1, Rue Hildegard von Bingen, L-1282, Luxembourg
Prudential Distribution Limited                 OS            100%         Craigforth, Stirling, FK9 4UE, UK
Prudential Equity Release Mortgages Limited     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Financial Planning Limited           OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential GP Limited                           OS            100%         Craigforth, Stirling, FK9 4UE, UK
Prudential Greenfield GP LLP                    LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Greenfield GP1 Limited               OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Greenfield GP2 Limited               OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK




                                                                                                                                         Other information
Prudential Greenfield LP                        LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Greenfield SLP GP LLP                LPI           100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                           EH3 9WJ, UK
Prudential Group Pensions Limited               OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Holborn Life Limited                 OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential International Assurance plc          OS            100%         Montague House, Adelaide Road,
                                                                           Dublin 2, D02 K039, Ireland
Prudential International Management             OS            100%         Montague House, Adelaide Road,
Services Limited                                                           Dublin 2, D02 K039, Ireland
Prudential Investment (Luxembourg) 2 S.à.r.l.   OS            100%         16 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Prudential Lifetime Mortgages Limited           OS            100%         Craigforth, Stirling, FK9 4UE, UK
Prudential Lifetime Mortgages Limited           PS            100%         Craigforth, Stirling, FK9 4UE, UK
Prudential Loan Investments 1 S.a.r.l           OS            100%         1, Rue Hildegard von Bingen, L-1282, Luxembourg
Prudential Loan Investments GP S.a.r.l          OS            100%         1, Rue Hildegard von Bingen, L-1282, Luxembourg
Prudential Loan Investments SCSp                LPI           100%         1, Rue Hildegard von Bingen, L-1282, Luxembourg
Prudential Mortgages Limited                    OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Partnership Planning Services Limited           OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Pensions Limited                     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Polska sp. z.o.o                     OS            100%         02-670 Warszawa, Pulawska 182, Poland
Prudential Portfolio Management Group Limited   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Portfolio Managers (South Africa)    OS            50%          Protea Place, 40 Dreyer Street, Claremont, 7708,
(Pty) Limited                                                              South Africa
Prudential Portfolio Managers (South Africa)    OS A class 75%             Protea Place, 40 Dreyer Street, Claremont, 7708,
(Pty) Limited                                                              South Africa
Prudential Portfolio Managers Limited           OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK


                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 271
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




41 Related undertakings continued

                                                 Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                                   shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation
Prudential Property Investment                   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Managers Limited
Prudential Protect Limited                       OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Real Estate Investments 1 Limited     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Real Estate Investments 2 Limited     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Real Estate Investments 3 Limited     OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Staff Pensions Limited                OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Trustee Company Limited               OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential UK Real Estate General                OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Partner Limited
Prudential UK Real Estate Limited Partnership    LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential UK Real Estate Nominee 1 Limited      OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential UK Real Estate Nominee 2 Limited      OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential UK Services Limited                   OS            100%         Craigforth, Stirling, FK9 4UE, UK
Prudential Unit Trusts Limited                   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential Venture Managers Limited              OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Prudential/M&G UK Companies Financing            LPI           32%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Fund LP
Prutec Limited                                   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
PVM Partnerships Limited                         OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Randolph Street LP                               LPI           100%         2711 Centreville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington,
                                                                            DE 19808, USA
Rift GP 1 Limited                                OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                            EH3 9WJ, UK
Rift GP 2 Limited                                OS            100%         50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
                                                                            EH3 9WJ, UK
Schoolhill Sarl                                  OS            100%         20, rue de la Poste, Luxembourg
ScotAm Pension Trustees Limited                  OS            100%         Craigforth, Stirling, FK9 4UE, UK
Scottish Amicable Finance Limited                OS            100%         Craigforth, Stirling, FK9 4UE, UK
Scottish Amicable Holdings Limited               OS            100%         Craigforth, Stirling, FK9 4UE, UK
Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society         No share      100%         Craigforth, Stirling, FK9 4UE, UK
                                                 capital
Scottish Amicable Pensions Investments Limited   OS            100%         Craigforth, Stirling, FK9 4UE, UK
Sectordate Limited                               OS            33%          1st Floor, Cavendish House, 39 Waterloo Street,
                                                                            Birmingham, B2 5PP, UK
Selly Oak Shopping Park                          OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
(General Partner) Limited
Selly Oak Shopping Park (Nominee 1) Limited      OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Selly Oak Shopping Park (Nominee 2) Limited      OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Selly Oak Shopping Park Limited Partnership      LPI           63%          10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Silverﬂeet Capital 2004 LP                       LPI           100%         1 Royal Plaza, St Peter Port, GY1 2HL, Guernsey
Silverﬂeet Capital 2005 LP                       LPI           100%         1 Royal Plaza, St Peter Port, GY1 2HL, Guernsey
Silverﬂeet Capital 2006 LP                       LPI           100%         1 Royal Plaza, St Peter Port, GY1 2HL, Guernsey
Silverﬂeet Capital 2009 LP                       LPI           100%         1 Royal Plaza, St Peter Port, GY1 2HL, Guernsey
Silverﬂeet Capital 2011/12 LP                    LPI           100%         1 Royal Plaza, St Peter Port, GY1 2HL, Guernsey
Silverfleet Capital II WPLF LP                   LPI           100%         1 Carter Lane, London, EC4V 5ER, UK
Sky Fund I LP                                    LPI           99%          Maples Corporate Services Limited, Ugland House,
                                                                            P.O. Box 309, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman
                                                                            Islands
SKY I Intermediate LP                            LPI           71%          Maples Corporate Services Limited, Ugland House,
                                                                            P.O. Box 309, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104,
                                                                            Cayman Islands
Smithfield Limited                               OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
SMLLC                                            LPI           100%         1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE 19801, USA

272 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
41 Related undertakings continued

                                                Classes of    Proportion
Name of entity                                  shares held   held         Registered office address and country of incorporation




                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
St Edward Homes Limited                         OS            50%          Berkeley House, 19 Portsmouth Road, Surrey,
                                                                           KT11 1JG, UK
St Edward Homes Partnership                     OS            50%          Berkeley House, 19 Portsmouth Road, Surrey,
                                                                           KT11 1JG, UK
St Edward Strand Partnership                    OS            50%          Berkeley House, 19 Portsmouth Road, Surrey,
                                                                           KT11 1JG, UK
Stableview Limited                              OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Staple Nominees Limited                         OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
The Car Auction Unit Trust                      U             49%          Dorey Court, Admiral Park, St Peter Port,
                                                                           GY1 2HT, Guernsey


                                                                                                                                         Governance
The First British Fixed Trust Company Limited   OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
The Greenpark (Reading) Limited Partnership     LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
The Project Hoxton LP                           LPI           100%         12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL, UK
The Prudential Assurance Company Limited        OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
The Strand Property Unit Trust                  LPI           50%          Liberte House, 19-23 La Motte Street, St Helier,
                                                                           JE2 4SY, Jersey
The Two Rivers Trust                            OS            50%          Liberte House, 19-23 La Motte Street, St Helier,
                                                                           JE2 4SY, Jersey
Three Snowhill Birmingham S.a.r.l.              OS            100%         5, rue Guilllaume Kroll, L-1882, Luxembourg




                                                                                                                                         Financial information
Two Rivers LP                                   LPI           50%          Bow Bells House, 1 Bread Street, London,
                                                                           EC4M 9HH, UK
Two Snowhill Birmingham S.a.r.l.                OS            100%         5, rue Guilllaume Kroll, L-1882, Luxembourg
Vanquish I Unit Trust                           OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
Vanquish II Unit Trust                          OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
Vanquish Properties (UK) Limited Partnership    LPI           100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Vanquish Properties GP Limited                  OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
Vanquish Properties GP Nominee 1 Limited        OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
Vanquish Properties GP Nominee 2 Limited        OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey




                                                                                                                                         Other information
Vanquish Properties GP Nominee 3 Limited        OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
Vanquish Properties GP Nominee 4 Limited        OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
Vanquish Properties GP Nominee A Limited        OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
Vanquish Properties LP Limited                  OS            100%         IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST, Jersey
Via Lodovisco                                   OS            100%         Via Alessandro Manzoni n.38, Milano, Italy
Wessex Gate Limited                             OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Westwacker Limited                              OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
WFH Investments LLC                             LPI           100%         2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington,
                                                                           County of New Castle, Delaware 19808, USA
Wrap IFA Services Limited                       OS            100%         10 Fenchurch Avenue, London, EC3M 5AG, UK
Wynnefield Private Equity Partners II, L.P.     LPI           99%          1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE 19801, USA




                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 273
Company financial statements

Company statement of financial position
As at 31 December 2020

                                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                                2020        2019
                                                                                                    Notes         £m         £m
Assets
Investments in subsidiaries                                                                             A    10,494      11,069
Deferred tax                                                                                            B         73            68
Loans                                                                                                   C      1,001      1,200
Current tax assets                                                                                      B          —             31
Accrued investment income and other debtors                                                             D          9            30
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               E         39            74
Total assets                                                                                                  11,616     12,472
Equity
Share capital                                                                                           F        130        130
Share premium                                                                                           F       370         370
Shares held by employee benefit trust                                                                   G       (117)        (26)
Retained earnings                                                                                              7,247      8,020
Equity-settled share-based payment reserve                                                                        73            39
Total equity                                                                                                   7,703      8,533
Liabilities
Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings                                                           H      3,729      3,767
Current tax liabilities                                                                                 B         10             3
Provisions                                                                                               I        33            49
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                                         J        141        120
Total liabilities                                                                                              3,913      3,939
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                  11,616     12,472


The Notes on pages 276 to 282 are an integral part of these financial statements.
The financial statements on pages 274 to 275 were approved by the Board and signed on its behalf, by the following Directors:
John Foley				Clare Bousfield
Chief Executive			 Chief Financial Officer
8 March 2021			    8 March 2021




274 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Company statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                                                    Equity-settled
                                                                                     Shares held     share-based
                                                              Share       Share     by employee          payment     Retained     Total
                                                             capital   premium      benefit trust         reserve    earnings    equity




                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                                                £m          £m                £m               £m         £m        £m
As at 1 January 2019                                           130         370                 —                –     11,581     12,081
Profit for the year                                               —          —                 —                —      1,272      1,272
Total comprehensive income for the year                           —          —                 —                —      1,272      1,272
Transactions with equity holders:
– Dividends paid                                                  —          —                 —                —     (4,360)    (4,360)
– Distribution in kind                                            —          —                 —                —       (570)      (570)
Shares distributed by employee trusts                             —          —                 2                —          (2)        —
Expense recognised in respect of
share-based payments                                              —          —                 —               39          —        39



                                                                                                                                           Governance
Shares acquired by employee trusts                                —          —               (28)               —          —        (28)
Tax effect of items recognised directly in equity                 —          —                 —                —         99        99
Net (decrease)/increase in equity                                 —          —               (26)              39     (4,833)    (4,820)
As at 31 December 2019                                         130         370               (26)              39      8,020      8,533
As at 1 January 2020                                           130        370               (26)               39     8,020      8,533
Loss for the year                                                 —          —                 —                —       (222)     (222)
Total comprehensive loss for the year                             —          —                 —                —       (222)     (222)
Transactions with equity holders:




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
– Dividends paid                                                  —          —                 —                —       (562)     (562)
– Distribution in kind                                            —          —                 —                —          —          —
Vested employee share-based payments                              —          —                 —              (17)        17          —
Shares distributed by employee trusts                             —          —                14                —        (14)         —
Expense recognised in respect of share-based
payments                                                          —          —                 —               51          —         51
Shares acquired by employee trusts                                —          —             (105)                —          —      (105)
Tax effect of items recognised directly in equity                 —          —                 —                —          8          8
Net (decrease)/increase in equity                                 —          —               (91)              34       (773)     (830)
As at 31 December 2020                                         130        370               (117)              73      7,247     7,703




                                                                                                                                           Other information
The Notes on pages 276 to 282 are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 275
Notes to the Company financial statements

Notes to the Company financial statements
Company accounting policies
a) Basis of preparation
These separate financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been prepared in accordance with UK Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice, including Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (FRS 101) and Part 15
of the Companies Act 2006.
In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of
international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006, but makes amendments
where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure
exemptions has been taken.
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost basis and are presented rounded
to the nearest million pounds sterling.
The following exemptions from the requirements of IFRS have been applied in the preparation of these financial statements,
in accordance with FRS 101:
– Statement of compliance with IFRS
– Outstanding shares comparative
– Requirement for minimum of two primary statements, including cash flow statements
– Additional comparative information
– Capital management disclosures
– Statement of cash flows
– Financial instruments disclosure
– Effect of IFRSs issued but not effective
– Related party transactions with wholly-owned subsidiaries
The Company adopted IFRS 9 Financial Instruments effective for the first time from 1 January 2018. This did not have a material
impact on the Company as it does not hold significant financial instruments. This differs from the Group treatment whereby
the Group has met the required eligibility criteria for temporary exemption and the adoption of IFRS 9 has been deferred until
1 January 2023 to coincide with the adoption of IFRS 17.
The Company has taken advantage of the exemption in Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006 not to present its own income
statement in these financial statements. The auditor’s remuneration for audit and other services is disclosed in Note 8 of the
Group financial statements. The Company has two employees.

(b) Key judgements and critical accounting estimates
A full list of the Company’s significant accounting policies is provided in section (c) of this Note below.
The preparation of these financial statements require management to apply judgement in relation to certain accounting policies.
In addition, management have to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses arising during the year. Estimates are
continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
The only judgement which had a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the Company’s financial statements is as follows:

                                                                                                                    Accounting
Financial statement area            Key estimate and assumptions                                                    policy       Note
Accounting for replacement          Under IFRS 2, where new equity instruments are granted as replacement          (C) viii      M
share awards                        equity instruments for cancelled schemes, the grant of the replacement
                                    equity instruments is accounted for as a modification of the original award,
                                    and accordingly, an acceleration of vesting does not occur as is normally the
                                    case for cancelled schemes. Judgement was required in respect of the 2019
                                    financial statements in determining whether the new discretionary schemes
                                    offered at the point of demerger would meet the criteria of a replacement
                                    award. The Group is treating the new discretionary schemes offered in October
                                    2019, in place of those administered by Prudential plc, as a replacement award
                                    on the basis that these have substantially the same economic value and
                                    will be subject to the same scheme rules as the original award. This is not a
                                    key judgement for the purposes of the current year financial statements.




276 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Company accounting policies continued
The area which required management to apply significant estimates and assumptions which were material to the financial
statements is as follows:



                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
                                                                                                                    Accounting
Financial statement area            Key estimate and assumptions                                                    policy       Note
Impairment of investment            When assessing impairment of subsidiaries where indicators of impairment (C) ii              A
in subsidiaries                     exist the carrying value is compared to the recoverable amount, which
                                    is the higher of fair value less cost of disposal and value in use. The
                                    determination of the recoverable amount, especially in relation to the value
                                    in use calculation requires the use of various assumptions that can have a
                                    material impact on the calculation.


(c) Critical accounting policies


                                                                                                                                             Governance
(i) Dividend income
Dividend income from investments is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payments has been established.

(ii) Investment in subsidiaries
Investment in subsidiaries is stated at cost less, where appropriate, allowances for impairment. Investments are reviewed
annually to assess whether there are indicators of impairment. Where indicators of impairment exist, the carrying value of the
investment in the subsidiary is compared against its recoverable amount, which is the higher of the fair value less cost to sell or
the value in use, with any resulting impairment recorded in the income statement.
Investment in subsidiaries under common control transactions which are acquired as part of a group reorganisation are recorded




                                                                                                                                             Financial information
at fair value of the consideration received, which is deemed to be the cost at the point of initial recognition. Any gains and losses
arising on disposal of subsidiaries are recorded in profit or loss.

(iii) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash at bank and in hand with an original maturity date of 90 days or less. Cash and cash
equivalents are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method
and are subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9.

(iv) Tax
Current tax
Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at
the reporting date and any adjustment to income tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax is charged or credited to



                                                                                                                                             Other information
the income statement, except when it relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.

Deferred tax
Deferred taxes are provided under the liability method for all relevant temporary differences. IAS 12: Income Taxes does not
require all temporary differences to be provided for, in particular, the Company does not provide for deferred tax on undistributed
earnings of subsidiaries where the Company is able to control the timing of the distribution and the temporary difference created
is not expected to reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets are only recognised when it is more likely than not that
future taxable profits will be available against which these losses can be utilised.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability settled,
based on tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period.

(v) Share capital and share premium
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Company after deducting all of its
liabilities. Shares are classified as equity when their terms do not create an obligation to transfer assets. The nominal value of
shares issued is recorded in share capital.
Where the consideration received from the issue or sale of existing shares exceeds the nominal value recorded in share capital,
the difference is recorded in share premium. Share premium is recorded net of share issue costs.

(vi) Dividends
Dividends are recognised when the obligation becomes certain, i.e., when the dividend is no longer at the discretion of the
Company. In the case of interim dividends, this occurs when the dividends are paid. For final dividends, this occurs when they
are recommended by the Board and approved by shareholders.

(vii) Subordinated liabilities
Subordinated liabilities include loan notes issued by the Company which are classified as financial liabilities as they have a fixed
repayment date and do not represent a residual interest in the net assets of the Company on liquidation. The notes rank junior to
all other liabilities of the Company in the event of liquidation, but above share capital.
Subordinated liabilities are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs.

                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 277
Notes to the Company financial statements continued




Company accounting policies continued
(viii) Share-based payments
All share-based payments made to employees for services rendered are measured based on the fair value of the equity
instrument granted. The fair value takes into account the impact of market-based vesting conditions and non-vesting conditions,
but excludes any impact of non-market-based vesting conditions. The related share-based payment expense is recognised
over the vesting period. The fair value may be determined using an option pricing model such as Black-Scholes or a Monte Carlo
simulation where appropriate, taking into account the terms and conditions of the award.
For equity-settled share-based payments, the fair value of service rendered is based on the fair value of the equity instrument
at grant date which is not remeasured subsequently. The share-based payment expense is based on the number of equity
instruments expected to vest over the vesting period, with the corresponding entry to equity.
For cash-settled share-based payments, the fair value of service rendered is based on the fair value of the related liability to
the equity instrument granted. The fair value equity instrument granted is remeasured at each reporting date with any changes
recognised in the share-based payment expense for the period.
A cancellation of an award without the grant of a replacement equity instrument is accounted for as an acceleration of
vesting. Accordingly, any share-based expense that would have been recognised over the remaining vesting period is
recognised immediately.
Where replacement equity instruments are granted to employees in place of the cancelled equity instruments, the replacement
award is treated as a modification of the original award. At the point of replacement, the awards are remeasured to the fair value
at the date of replacement, which forms the basis of recognising the expense over the remaining vesting period.

(ix) Provisions and contingent assets and liabilities
Provisions are recognised on the statement of financial position when the Company has a present legal or constructive
obligation resulting from a past event, it is probable that a loss will be made in settling the obligation and the amounts can be
estimated reliably.
Provisions are measured based on management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the
reporting date. Provisions are discounted and represent the present value of the expected expenditure where the effect of the
time value of money is material.
Contingent liabilities are possible obligations of the Company where the timing and amount are subject to significant uncertainty.
Contingent liabilities are not recognised on the statement of financial position, unless they are assumed by the Company as part
of a business combination. Contingent liabilities are however disclosed, unless they are considered to be remote. If a contingent
liability becomes probable and the amount can be reliably measured it is no longer treated as contingent and is recognised as
a liability.
Contingent assets which are possible benefits to the Company are only disclosed if it is probable that the Company will receive
the benefit. Mirroring the treatment of contingent liabilities, if such a benefit becomes virtually certain, it is no longer considered
contingent and is recognised on the statement of financial position as an asset.

(x) Financial instruments
Recognition and initial measurement
A financial asset is initially measured at fair value plus, for a financial asset not measured at fair value through profit or loss
(FVTPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue.

Classification and subsequent measurement
On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified and measured at either amortised cost or FVTPL.
A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:
– it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and
– its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
  principal amount outstanding.
All financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost, as described above, are measured at
FVTPL. This includes assets that are held for trading or are part of a portfolio that is managed on a fair value basis.
Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the entity changes its business model for
managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period
following the change in the business model.
Financial assets at FVTPL are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest or dividend
income, are recognised in profit or loss.
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment
are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.

278 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Impairment losses on financial assets measured at amortised cost are measured using an expected credit loss impairment
model. Impairment losses representing the expected credit loss in the next 12 months are recognised unless there has been a
significant increase in credit risk from initial recognition, in which case, lifetime expected losses are recognised. Where relevant,
the Company makes use of the exemption available for financial instruments with low credit risk, for which, an assessment of a



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
significant increase in credit risk is not required.

A. Investment in subsidiaries
                                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                                      2020        2019
                                                                                                                        £m         £m
Cost at 1 January                                                                                                  12,226      12,065
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                                        10,433           68
Capital contribution into subsidiaries                                                                                  27          93
Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                          (10,969)             —


                                                                                                                                           Governance
Cost at 31 December                                                                                                10,560       12,226
Impairment at 1 January                                                                                             (1,157)            –
Impairment of subsidiaries                                                                                             (66)      (1,157)
Impairment at 31 December                                                                                           (1,223)      (1,157)
Investment subsidiaries at 31 December                                                                             10,494       11,069


(i) Acquisitions
On 23 July 2020, the Company acquired an additional 99,999 ordinary shares of £1 each in M&G Group Regulated Entity Holding




                                                                                                                                           Financial information
Company Limited through a share for share exchange for the entire share capital of M&G Group Limited and The Prudential
Assurance Company Limited.
On 31 August 2020, the Company acquired Prudential Capital Public Limited Company via an in specie dividend from Prudential
Capital Holdings Limited, a direct subsidiary of the Company.

(ii) Disposals
On 23 July 2020, M&G Group Limited and The Prudential Assurance Company Limited were transferred from the Company to
M&G Group Regulated Entity Holding Company Limited, a direct subsidiary of the Company, at fair value in a share for share
exchange. The Company recognised a loss on disposal of £602m for the year ended 31 December 2020 in respect of the transfer
of M&G Group Limited.

(iii) Impairment



                                                                                                                                           Other information
In 2020, impairment was recognised in respect of the Company’s investment in Prudential Financial Services Limited of £10m
(2019: £73m). The recoverable amount of the investment was £10m. Additionally, £56m of impairment was recognised in respect
of the Company’s investment in Prudential Capital Holding Company Limited of £56m (2019: £nil), following the in specie dividend
transfer of Prudential Capital Public Limited Company. The recoverable amount of the investment was £12m. There was no
further impairment charge recognised in respect of the Company’s other investments in subsidiaries.
M&G Group Regulated Entity Holding Company Limited is the main subsidiary of the Company and acts as the main holding entity
for all of the Group’s regulated businesses. The continued adverse impacts of COVID-19 on the global economy and its resulting
implications on the Company’s market capitalisation and potential future business performance were considered an impairment
indicator by management. Therefore, an impairment assessment was undertaken in relation to the subsidiary by comparing
its recoverable amount with the carrying value. The recoverable amount of the subsidiary was based on its value in use. As the
subsidiary acts as a holding company with no operations, the value in use was determined as the sum of the values in use of
the underlying subsidiaries in which the subsidiary has investment in. This primarily comprises of M&G Group Limited and The
Prudential Assurance Company Limited. The values in use of these subsidiaries were determined based on discounted cash flow
and dividend discount models respectively based on management forecasts.
In respect of the investment in M&G Group Limited, the sensitivity of the carrying value to changes in key assumptions is the
same as that associated with the goodwill related to the business as disclosed in Note 13.1 of the Group financial statements.
In respect of The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, value in use is particularly sensitive to a number of key assumptions
as follows:
– The set of economic, market and business assumptions used to derive the cash flow forecasts, including assumptions around
  implied value of new business written based on the application of a new business multiplier of 5x.
– The pre-tax discount rate as at 31 December 2020 was 9% and is based on the cost of equity approach.




                                                                                           M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 279
Notes to the Company financial statements continued



A simultaneous increase of 100bps in discount rate and decrease in the new business multiplier to 4x would result in an
impairment of £367m being recorded.
A 25% reduction in the implied value of new business would result in an impairment of £7m being recorded.
For the purposes of the assessment, management also considered that the transfer of M&G Group Limited to M&G Group
Regulated Entity Holding Company Limited as part of the group reorganisation occurred at fair value, which at the point of
transfer was £602m below the carrying value, resulting in a loss on transfer of the Company. This fair value at the point of transfer
formed the basis of initial recognition of M&G Group Limited by M&G Group Regulated Entity Holding Company Limited.
Based on this assessment, no impairment charge was recorded as at 31 December 2020, in respect of M&G Group Regulated
Entity Holding Limited.

(iv) Direct subsidiaries
The direct subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 December 2020 are listed below:

                                                                 Country of incorporation
Company name                                                     or registration              Nature of business       % held
M&G Group Regulated Entity Holding Company Limited               UK                           Holding company          100%
M&G Corporate Holdings Limited                                   UK                           Holding company          100%
Prudential Financial Services Limited                            UK                           Holding company          100%
Prudential Property Services Limited                             UK                           Service company          100%
Prudential Capital Holding Company Limited                       UK                           Holding company          100%
Prudential Capital Public Limited Company                        UK                           Service company          100%


Details of the Company’s related undertakings are given in Note 41 of the Group financial statements.

B. Tax
Deferred tax assets and liabilities
Under IAS 12, deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the
liability settled, based on tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that they are regarded as recoverable, that is to the extent that, on the basis of
all available evidence, it can be regarded as probable that there will be suitable taxable profits from which the future reversal of
the underlying temporary differences can be deducted or tax losses utilised. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are only offset
when there is both a legal right to set-off and an intention to settle on a net basis.

Deferred tax in the statement of financial position
The table below shows movements on deferred tax assets during the year:

                                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020         2019
                                                                                                                       £m          £m
As at 1 January                                                                                                        68              —
Income statement                                                                                                        (3)            (1)
Equity and other comprehensive income                                                                                    8         69
As at 31 December                                                                                                       73         68


(i) Short-term timing differences
The deferred tax asset on short-term timing differences relates wholly to the fair value movement on the subordinated liabilities
transferred from Prudential plc on 18 October 2019. The £8m movement in reserves represents a temporary difference arising
on the initial fair value measurement (2019: £69m). The income statement movement of £3m reflects the associated amortisation
during the period (2019: £1m). The total closing balance relates wholly to the UK.

Unrecognised deferred tax
Group investments in subsidiaries, branches and investments.
Retained earnings of overseas subsidiaries are expected to be re-invested indefinitely or remitted to the UK free from further
taxation by virtue of Parent Company exemptions on dividends from subsidiaries and on capital gains on disposal. Consequently,
the Group does not consider there to be any significant taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries, branches, associates and joint arrangements.




280 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Current tax
                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020          2019




                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
                                                                                                                    £m           £m
Net corporation tax asset as at 1 January                                                                           28              1
Income statement                                                                                                    50            25
Reserves movement for the period                                                                                      —           32
Corporation tax paid                                                                                               (88)          (30)
                                                                                                                   (10)           28
Corporation tax assets (UK)                                                                                           —           31
Corporation tax liabilities (UK)                                                                                   (10)           (3)
Net corporation tax liability as at 31 December                                                                    (10)           28



                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                    Corporation tax
                                                                                        assets             Corporation tax liabilities
                                                                                     2020         2019            2020          2019
                                                                                       £m          £m               £m           £m
Corporation tax recoverable/(due) within 12 months                                       —            31           (10)            3
As at 31 December                                                                        —            31           (10)            3


C. Loans



                                                                                                                                         Financial information
As at 31 December 2020, the Company had provided loans to Prudential Capital plc of £1,001m (2019: £1,200m) which are
repayable on demand. Accrued interest as at 31 December 2020 was £nil (2019: £nil).

D. Accrued investment income and other debtors
                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                                                                    £m           £m
Amounts owed by Group undertakings                                                                                    7           23
Other                                                                                                                2             7
Total accrued investment income and other debtors                                                                    9           30




                                                                                                                                         Other information
Analysed as:
No contractual maturity                                                                                              9            23
Expected to be settled within one year                                                                                —            7
Total accrued investment income and other debtors                                                                    9           30


E. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                                                                    £m           £m
Cash                                                                                                                39            74
Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     39            74




                                                                                    M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 281
Notes to the Company financial statements continued




F. Share capital and share premium
Details of the Company’s share capital and share premium are given in Note 23 of the Group financial statements.
Details of the dividends paid on the ordinary shares by the Company are provided in Note 12 of the Group financial statements.
Note 12 also includes information regarding the final dividend proposed by the Directors for the year ended 31 December 2020.

G. Shares held by employee benefit trusts and other treasury shares
Details of the Company’s shares held by trust are given in Note 24 of the Group financial statements.

H. Subordinated liabilities and other borrowings
Details of the Company’s subordinated liabilities are given in Note 28.1 of the Group financial statements.

I. Provisions
Provisions of £33m as at 31 December 2020 (2019: £49m) related to change in control costs arising from the Demerger in 2019,
which were expected to be incurred within four years of the separation from Prudential plc.

J. Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities
                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                   2020      2019
                                                                                                                     £m       £m
Amounts owed to Group undertakings                                                                                  86        70
Accrued interest on subordinated debt                                                                               42            41
Other                                                                                                               13            9
Total accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                                              141       120
Analysed as:
No contractual maturity                                                                                             86        70
Expected to be settled within one year                                                                              47        42
Expected to be settled after one year                                                                                8            8
Total accruals, deferred income and other liabilities                                                              141       120


K. Related party transactions
The Directors and key management personnel of the Company are considered to be the same as for the Group. See Note 37
of the Group financial statements for further information.
There were no other related party transactions in the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 other than those
noted in Note C, Note D and Note J of the Company financial statements.

L. Contingencies and related obligations
Details of the Company’s contingencies and related obligations are given in Note 35 of the Group financial statements.

M. Share-based payments
Details of the Company’s share-based payments are given in Note 39 of the Group financial statements.




282 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Supplementary information

Supplementary information
1.1 Overview of the Group’s key performance measures
The Group measures its financial performance using a number of key performance measures (KPM). Two of these measures,
referred to as alternative performance measures (APM), are derived from the financial statements prepared in accordance with




                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
the IFRS financial reporting framework or the Solvency II requirements, but are not defined under IFRS or Solvency II. The APMs
are used to complement and not to substitute the disclosures prepared in accordance with IFRS and Solvency II, and provide
additional information on the long-term performance of the Group.
All information included in this section does not form part of the independent audit performed by the external auditors.
The Group’s KPMs are summarised below, along with which of these measures are considered APMs by the Group. All of the
measures in this section are presented on a continuing operations basis. For more information on the purpose of our KPMs
see page 30.

Key performance
measure            Type    Definition
IFRS profit        KPM     IFRS profit after tax demonstrates to our shareholders the financial performance of the Group during


                                                                                                                                        Governance
after tax                  the year on an IFRS basis.
Adjusted           APM,    Adjusted operating profit before tax is the Group’s non-GAAP alternative performance measure,
operating profit   KPM     which complements IFRS profit before tax.
before tax                 Certain adjustments that are considered to be non-recurring or strategic, or due to short-term
                           movements not reflective of longer-term performance are made to IFRS profit before tax.
                           Adjustments are in respect of short-term fluctuations in investment returns, costs associated with
                           fundamental one-off Group-wide restructuring and transformation, profits or losses arising on
                           corporate transactions and profit/(loss) before tax from discontinued operations.
                           The adjusted operating profit methodology is described in Note 3.2, along with a reconciliation
                           of adjusted operating profit before tax to IFRS profit after tax.




                                                                                                                                        Financial information
Savings and Asset KPM      Savings and Asset Management net client flows represent gross inflows less gross outflows. Gross
Management net             inflows are new funds from clients and customers. Gross outflows are money withdrawn by customer
client flows               and clients during the period.
Assets under   KPM         Closing AUMA represents the total market value of all assets managed, administered or advised
management and             on behalf of customers and clients at the end of each financial period.
administration             Assets managed by the Group include those managed on behalf of our retail customers and
(AUMA)                     institutional and retail clients.
                           Assets administered by the Group includes assets which we provide investment management
                           services for, in addition to assets we administer where the customer has elected to invest in a
                           third-party investment manager.
                           Assets under advice are advisory portfolios where clients receive investment recommendations such



                                                                                                                                        Other information
                           as Strategic Asset Allocation and model portfolios but retain discretion over executing the advice.
Shareholder        APM,    The regulatory Solvency II capital position considers the Group’s overall own funds and SCR.
Solvency II        KPM     The shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio is the ratio of own funds to SCR, excluding the contribution
coverage ratio             to own funds and SCR from the Group’s ring-fenced With-Profits Fund.
                           The shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio is described in the “Solvency II capital position” section.
Total capital      KPM     Surplus capital is the amount by which own funds exceed SCR under Solvency II. Total capital
generation                 generation is the total change in Solvency II surplus capital before dividends and capital movements,
                           and capital generated from discontinued operations.
Operating capital KPM      Operating capital generation is the total capital generation before tax, adjusted to exclude
generation                 market movements relative to those expected under long-term assumptions and to remove other
                           non‑operating items, including shareholder restructuring and other costs.




                                                                                        M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 283
Supplementary information continued



1.2 Adjusted operating profit before tax
1.2 (i) Adjusted operating profit/(loss) before tax by segment
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December
                                                          Savings and
                                                       Asset Management                   Heritage            Corporate Centre                Total
                                                           2020         2019             2020         2019       2020         2019      2020           2019
                                                             £m          £m                £m          £m          £m          £m         £m            £m
Fee-based revenues                                        1,146        1,191              74           96           —            —    1,220           1,287
Annuity margin                                                 —           —             438          458           —            —      438            458
With-profits shareholder transfer net of
hedging gains/(losses)                                       44           55             207          187           —            —      251            242
Adjusted operating income                                 1,190        1,246             719          741           —            —    1,909           1,987
Adjusted operating expenses                               (840)         (817)            (79)         (87)       (101)         (59)   (1,020)         (963)
Other shareholder (loss)/profit                             (28)         30               59           98        (142)         (18)     (111)          110
Share of profit from joint ventures
and associatesi                                              10           15                —           —           —            —       10             15
Adjusted operating profit/(loss)
before tax                                                 332           474             699          752       (243)          (77)     788           1,149

i     Excludes adjusted operating profit from joint ventures in the With-Profits Fund.

1.2 (ii) Adjusted operating profit/(loss) before tax by segment and source
                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                                                                     Savings and Asset Management                        Heritage                   Centre
                                                                        Asset        With-                                   With-
                                                                   Management       profits          Other   Annuities      profits   Other           Other
    For the year ended 31 December 2020                                   £m           £m              £m          £m          £m       £m              £m
Asset Management fee-based revenues                                       988               —           —           —            —       —               —
Other fee-based revenues                                                       —            —         158           —            —      74               —
Fee-based revenues                                                        988               —         158           —            —      74               —
Annuity margin                                                                 —            —           —        438             —       —               —
With-profits shareholder transfer net of hedging
gains/(losses)                                                                 —          44            —           —         207        —               —
Adjusted operating income                                                 988             44          158        438          207       74               —
Asset Management operating expenses                                      (672)              —           —           —            —       —               —
Other operating expenses                                                       —            —        (168)          —            —     (79)           (101)
Adjusted operating expenses                                              (672)              —        (168)          —            —     (79)           (101)
Other shareholder (loss)/profit                                                —            —         (28)          —            —      59            (142)
Share of profit from joint ventures and associates                             —            —          10           —            —       —               —
Adjusted operating profit/(loss) before tax                               316             44          (28)       438          207       54            (243)




284 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1.2 Adjusted operating profit before tax continued
                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                   Savings and Asset Management                       Heritage                        Centre




                                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                                                                     Asset          With-                                 With-
                                                                Management         profits      Other     Annuities      profits       Other          Other
    For the year ended 31 December 2019                                £m             £m          £m            £m          £m           £m             £m
Asset Management fee-based revenues                                   1,033             —           —             —            —           —              —
Other fee-based revenues                                                    —           —        158              —            —         96               —
Fee-based revenues                                                    1,033             —        158              —            —         96               —
Annuity margin                                                              —           —           —          458             —           —              —
With-profit shareholder transfer net of hedging
gains/(losses)                                                              —         55            —             —         187            —              —
Adjusted operating income                                             1,033           55         158           458          187          96               —
Asset management operating expenses                                     (652)           —           —             —            —           —              —


                                                                                                                                                               Governance
Other operating expenses                                                    —           —        (165)            —            —         (87)           (59)
Adjusted operating expenses                                             (652)           —        (165)            —            —         (87)           (59)
Other shareholder profit/(loss)                                             —           —         30              —            —         98             (18)
Share of profit from joint ventures and associates                          —           —          15             —            —           —              —
Adjusted operating profit/(loss) before tax                              381          55          38           458          187         107             (77)


Adjusted operating profit before tax arising from shareholder annuities is further analysed in the table below:




                                                                                                                                                               Financial information
                                                                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                                                                          £m            £m
Return on excess assets and margin release                                                                                               188            216
Asset trading and other optimisation                                                                                                      59            110
Longevity assumption changes                                                                                                             217            126
Mismatching profits/(losses)i                                                                                                             38             55
Other assumption and model changesii                                                                                                     (52)            32
Experience variances and model improvements                                                                                               19              4
Other provisions and reserves                                                                                                             (31)          (85)



                                                                                                                                                               Other information
Annuity margin                                                                                                                          438            458

i     Mismatching profits of £38m for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: £55m) relates to short-term mismatches between the value of annuity
      liabilities and the long-term assets backing these liabilities due to the impact of market movements.
ii    Other assumptions and model changes of £(52)m for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: £32m) include assumption changes other than those
      relating to longevity, including the impact of expense assumption changes and the impact of improvements to models.

Adjusted operating profit before tax arising from other Savings and Asset Management is further analysed in the table below:

                                                                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                                                                          £m            £m
International businessi                                                                                                                   20             42
Investment income        ii
                                                                                                                                               5         25
Other                                                                                                                                    (53)           (29)
Other Savings and Asset Management                                                                                                       (28)            38

i     International business includes our share of profits from our asset management associate in South Africa and profits from our European
      savings businesses.
ii    Investment income includes income arising in Asset Management, primarily in respect of seed capital investments.




                                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 285
Supplementary information continued



1.2 Adjusted operating profit before tax continued
1.2 (iii) Reconciliation of adjusted operating profit before tax to IFRS profit after tax from continuing operations
                                                                                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                          2020          2019
                                                                                                                                            £m           £m
Adjusted operating profit before tax                                                                                                       788         1,149
Short-term fluctuations in investment returns                                                                                              678          298
Profit on disposal of business and corporate transactions                                                                                        —        53
Restructuring and other costs                                                                                                               (73)        (198)
IFRS profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                            4           3
IFRS profit before tax attributable to equity holders from continuing operations                                                         1,397         1,305
Tax charge attributable to equity holders from continuing operations                                                                      (255)         (240)
IFRS profit after tax attributable to equity holders from continuing operations                                                           1,142        1,065


1.3 Assets under management and administration (AUMA) and net client flows
1.3 (i) Detailed AUMA and net client flows
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                               As at                                              Market/               As at
                                                                          1 January         Gross        Gross        Net client    Other        31 December
                                                                              2020        inflows     outflows            flows movements               2020
                                                                                £bn           £bn          £bn              £bn       £bn                £bn
Institutional Asset Management                                                 76.8         13.0             (7.9)          5.1          3.6            85.5
Retail Asset Management                                                        74.9         15.0            (27.1)        (12.1)          1.4           64.2
Retail Savings                                                                 63.5          6.8            (6.4)          0.4          17.9            81.8
of which: PruFund                                                              53.8           5.2           (4.8)          0.4            1.3           55.5
Other                                                                            0.7            —               —             —           0.1            0.8
Total Savings and Asset Managementii                                          215.9         34.8            (41.4)         (6.6)        23.0          232.3
Shareholder annuities                                                          35.5             —            (1.8)         (1.8)          1.6           35.3
Traditional with-profits                                                       84.8          0.3            (5.0)          (4.7)         4.2            84.3
Other                                                                          13.7           0.1           (0.2)          (0.1)         0.5            14.1
Total Heritage                                                               134.0           0.4             (7.0)        (6.6)          6.3           133.7
Corporate assets                                                                 1.6            —               —             —         (0.4)            1.2
Group total                                                                   351.5         35.2        (48.4)           (13.2)         28.9           367.2

                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                 As at                                                Market/        As at
                                                                            1 January        Gross       Gross         Net client       Other 31 December
                                                                                 2019      inflows     outflows            flows    movements        2019
                                                                                  £bn          £bn          £bn              £bn         £bn          £bn
Institutional Asset Management                                                  70.5          10.7          (10.8)          (0.1)         6.4           76.8
Retail Asset Managementi                                                        76.4          21.2          (28.6)          (7.4)         5.9           74.9
Retail Savings                                                                  50.6          11.0           (4.8)           6.2           6.7          63.5
of which: PruFund                                                               43.0         10.2             (3.8)         6.4           4.4           53.8
Other                                                                            0.2             —               —             —          0.5            0.7
Total Savings and Asset Managementii                                           197.7         42.9           (44.2)          (1.3)        19.5          215.9
Shareholder annuities                                                           24.9          0.2             (2.3)         (2.1)         12.7          35.5
Traditional with-profits                                                        84.6          0.6             (5.7)         (5.1)         5.3           84.8
Other                                                                           14.0          (0.2)          (0.2)          (0.4)          0.1          13.7
Total Heritage                                                                 123.5          0.6            (8.2)          (7.6)         18.1         134.0
Corporate assets                                                                    —            —               —             —           1.6            1.6
Group total                                                                    321.2         43.5           (52.4)          (8.9)        39.2          351.5

i    Approx. £3bn of the gross inflows and gross outflows in Retail Asset Management were in relation to the establishment of the Luxembourg SICAV
     fund range, in which the Spanish Traspasos regime was used to migrate non-Sterling assets from OEICS to newly created SICAVs, and due to the
     reregistration of assets as a result of M&A in the GFI (Global Financial Institutions) space.
ii   Included in total AUMA of £232.3bn (2019: £215.9bn) is £6.5bn (2019: £6.4bn) of assets under advice.




286 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1.3 Assets under management and administration (AUMA) and net client flows continued
1.3 (ii) AUMA by asset class
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                                           On balance sheet AUMAi                                    External AUMA                 Total
                                                              Shareholder-
                                                                   backed
                                                                 annuities                  Total on
                                                                 and other                  balance                                     Total
                                                                long-term       Corporate     sheet                                  external     Total
                                     With-profits Unit-linked     business         assets    AUMA           Retail Institutional      AUMA       AUMA
                                             £bn          £bn          £bn           £bn        £bn          £bn            £bn          £bn       £bn
Investment property                          12.4            0.4         1.5            —      14.3           1.5          12.9         14.4       28.7
Reinsurance assets                               —           0.1        11.6            —       11.7             —             —           —       11.7
Loans                                          1.6                 —     2.3            —        3.9             —          11.5        11.5       15.4
Derivativesii                                  2.7                 —    (0.3)           —        2.4          (0.1)         (0.2)       (0.3)        2.1


                                                                                                                                                           Governance
Equity securities and
pooled investment funds                      65.1           11.2           —            —      76.3          25.7            6.1        31.8      108.1
Deposits                                     13.4            1.0         1.2            —      15.6              —             —           —       15.6
Debt securities                              43.4            2.8        20.2         1.0       67.4          35.0          52.7         87.7      155.1
of which Corporate                           31.7            1.7        14.1         1.0       48.5          20.2          32.2        52.4      100.9
of which Government                           9.0            1.0         5.3            —      15.3          13.7          12.2        25.9        41.2
of which ABS                                   2.7           0.1         0.8            —        3.6           1.1          8.3          9.4       13.0
Cash and cash equivalents                      3.6           0.2         1.0         0.9         5.7           2.1          2.5          4.6       10.3




                                                                                                                                                           Financial information
Other                                          1.0           0.1         0.2            —        1.3             —             —           —        1.3
Other AUMA                                                                                                                                         18.9
Totaliii                                    143.2          15.8         37.7         1.9      198.6          64.2          85.5       149.7      367.2

i    On balance sheet AUMA does not include consolidated funds included in the segmented statement of financial position by business type in Note 34.1.
ii   Derivatives assets are shown net of derivative liabilities.
iii Included in total AUMA of £367.2bn (2019: 351.5bn) is £6.5bn (2019: £6.4bn) of assets under advice.




                                                                                                                                                           Other information




                                                                                                          M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 287
Supplementary information continued



1.3 Assets under management and administration (AUMA) and net client flows continued

                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                           On balance sheet AUMAi                                    External AUMA                    Total
                                                                  Shareholder-
                                                                       backed
                                                                     annuities               Total on
                                                                     and other               balance                                     Total
                                                                    long-term    Corporate     sheet                                  external       Total
                                      With-profits    Unit-linked     business      assets    AUMA          Retail    Institutional    AUMA         AUMA
                                             £bn              £bn          £bn        £bn        £bn         £bn               £bn        £bn         £bn
Investment property                           10.7           0.5          1.6                   12.8          1.8            12.4        14.2         27.0
Reinsurance assets                               —           0.1         11.8           —        11.9           —                —          —         11.9
Loans                                          1.6                 —      2.3           —        3.9            —            10.9        10.9         14.8
Derivativesii                                  2.6           (0.1)       (0.5)          —        2.0         0.2              (1.0)      (0.8)         1.2
Equity securities and
pooled investment funds                      61.8           11.3            —           —        73.1        31.7             4.9        36.6       109.7
Deposits                                      11.9            1.1         0.9           —       13.9          1.8             3.5         5.3         19.2
Debt securities                              48.2            2.8         21.3          1.4      73.7        39.0             45.9       84.9        158.6
of which Corporate                           36.9            1.9         14.8          1.4      55.0        21.4             29.7         51.1      106.1
of which Government                            7.6           0.8          5.7           —        14.1       16.3              6.8        23.1         37.2
Of which ABS                                   3.7           0.1          0.8           —        4.6          1.3             9.4        10.7         15.3
Cash and Cash equivalents                      3.1           0.2          0.8           —         4.1        0.4              0.2         0.6          4.7
Other                                           1.1          0.1          0.2         1.0         2.4           —                —          —          2.4
Other AUMA                                                                                                                                             2.0
Totaliii                                    141.0           16.0        38.4          2.4      197.8        74.9             76.8       151.7       351.5

i    On balance sheet AUMA does not include consolidated funds included in the segmented statement of financial position by business type in Note 34.1.
ii   Derivatives assets are shown net of derivative liabilities.
iii Included in total AUMA of £367.2bn (2019: 351.5bn) is £6.5bn (2019: £6.4bn) of assets under advice.

1.3 (iii) AUMA by geography
The below table illustrates AUMA by geography based on the country of the underlying client:

                                                                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                                                        2020          2019
                                                                                                                                         £bn           £bn
UK                                                                                                                                     306.9        287.0
Europe                                                                                                                                  44.6         49.0
Asia-Pacific                                                                                                                              9.6          8.3
Middle East and Africa                                                                                                                    5.2          6.1
Americas                                                                                                                                  0.9              1.1
Total AUMA       i
                                                                                                                                       367.2        351.5

i    Included in total AUMA of £367.2bn (2019: £351.5bn) is £6.5bn (2019: £6.4bn) of assets under advice.




288 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1.4 Solvency II capital position
1.4.1 Solvency II overview
The Group is supervised as an insurance group by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Individual insurance undertakings within



                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
the Group are also subject to the supervision of the Prudential Regulation Authority (or other supervisory authorities) on a solo
basis under Solvency II.
The Solvency II surplus represents the aggregated capital (own funds) held by the Group less the SCR. Own funds is the Solvency
II measure of capital available to meet losses, and is based on the assets less liabilities of the Group, subject to certain restrictions
and adjustments. The SCR is calculated using the Group’s Internal Model, which calculates the SCR as the 99.5th percentile
(or 1-in-200) worst outcome over the coming year, out of 100,000 equally likely scenarios, allowing for the dependency between
the risks the business is exposed to.

1.4.2 Estimated reconciliation of IFRS shareholders’ equity to Group Solvency II own funds
                                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                                        2020        2019



                                                                                                                                             Governance
                                                                                                                         £bn         £bn
IFRS shareholders’ equity                                                                                                5.6          5.1
Add back unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund                                                                   15.6         16.1
Deduct goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                    (1.3)       (1.3)
Net impact of valuing policyholder liabilities and reinsurance assets on Solvency II basis                               0.3         0.3
Impact of introducing Solvency II risk margin (net of transitional measures)                                             (1.5)       (1.5)
Impact of measuring assets and liabilities in line with Solvency II principles                                           (0.1)       (0.1)
Recognise own shares                                                                                                      0.1            —




                                                                                                                                             Financial information
Other                                                                                                                    (0.1)        0.1
Solvency II excess of assets over liabilities                                                                           18.6        18.7
Subordinated debt capital                                                                                                4.0         3.8
Ring-fenced fund restrictions                                                                                            (7.0)       (7.6)
Deduct own shares                                                                                                        (0.1)           —
Solvency II eligible own funds                                                                                          15.5        14.9


The key items in the reconciliation are explained below:
– Unallocated surplus of the With-Profits Fund: this amount is treated as a liability under IFRS, but considered surplus assets
  under Solvency II.



                                                                                                                                             Other information
– Goodwill and intangible assets: these assets are not recognised under Solvency II as they are not readily available to meet
  emerging losses.
– Policyholder liability and reinsurance asset valuation differences: there are significant differences in the valuation of technical
  provisions between IFRS and Solvency II. The most material differences relate to the exclusion of prudent margins in longevity
  assumptions under Solvency II, and also the use of different discount rates, both in relation to the valuation of annuity liabilities.
– Solvency II risk margin (net of transitional measures): the risk margin is a significant component of technical provisions required
  to be held under Solvency II. These additional requirements are partially mitigated by transitional measures which allow the
  impact to be gradually introduced over a period of 16 years from the introduction of Solvency II on 1 January 2016.
– Subordinated debt capital: subordinated debt is treated as a liability in the IFRS financial statements and in determining the
  excess of assets over liabilities in the Solvency II balance sheet. However, for Solvency II own funds, the debt can be treated
  as capital.
– Ring-fenced fund restrictions: any excess of the own funds over the solvency capital requirement from the With-Profits Fund
  is restricted as these amounts are not available to meet losses elsewhere in the Group.




                                                                                             M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 289
Supplementary information continued



1.4 Solvency II capital position continued
1.4.3 Composition of own funds
The Group’s total estimated and unaudited own funds are analysed by Tier as follows:

                                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                                                                   £bn           £bn
Tier 1 (unrestricted)                                                                                              11.4         11.1
Tier 1 (restricted)                                                                                                   —             —
Tier 2                                                                                                              4.0         3.8
Tier 3                                                                                                              0.1             —
Total own funds                                                                                                    15.5        14.9


The Group’s Tier 2 capital consists of subordinated debt instruments. The terms of these instruments allow them to be treated as
capital for the purposes of Solvency II. The instruments were originally issued by Prudential plc, and subsequently substituted to
the Company, as permitted under the terms and conditions of each applicable instrument, prior to demerger. The details of the
Group’s subordinated liabilities are shown in Note 28 of the financial statements. The Solvency II value of the debt differs to the
IFRS carrying value due to a different basis of measurement on the respective balance sheets.
The Group’s Tier 3 capital of £0.1bn (2019: £nil) relates to deferred tax asset balances.

1.4.4 Estimated shareholder view of the Solvency II capital position
The Group focuses on a shareholder view of the Solvency II capital position, which is considered to provide a more relevant
reflection of the capital strength of the Group.
The estimated and unaudited shareholder Solvency II capital position for the Group is shown below:

                                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                                                                   £bn           £bn
Shareholder Solvency II own funds                                                                                 10.6         10.3
Shareholder Solvency II SCR                                                                                        (5.8)        (5.8)
Solvency II surplus                                                                                                 4.8         4.5
Shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio       i
                                                                                                                 182%          176%

i   Shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio has been calculated using unrounded figures.

The Group’s shareholder Solvency II capital position excludes the contribution to own funds and SCR from the ring-fenced
With-Profits Fund. Further information on the ring-fenced With-Profits Fund’s capital position is provided in section 1.4.5.
In accordance with the Solvency II requirements, these results include:
– A SCR which has been calculated using the Group’s Internal Model.
– Transitional measures, which are presented assuming a recalculation as at the valuation date, using management’s estimate
  of the impact of operating and market conditions. As at 31 December 2020, the recalculated transitional measures do not
  align to the latest approved regulatory position and therefore the estimated and unaudited Solvency II capital position will
  differ to the position disclosed in the formal regulatory Quantitative Reporting Templates and Group Solvency and Financial
  Condition Report.
– A matching adjustment for non-profit annuities, based on approval from the Prudential Regulation Authority.
– M&G Group Limited and other undertakings carrying out financial activities consolidated under local sectoral or notional
  sectoral capital requirements.




290 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1.4 Solvency II capital position continued
Breakdown of the shareholder Solvency II SCR by risk type
                                                                                                                                          As at 31 December




                                                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                             2020              2019
    Group shareholder undiversified risk capital                                                                                              £bn               £bn
Equity                                                                                                                                           1.5            1.4
Property                                                                                                                                         0.9           0.9
Interest rate                                                                                                                                    0.4           0.4
Credit                                                                                                                                           3.5           3.8
Currency                                                                                                                                         0.9           0.8
Longevity                                                                                                                                        2.1            1.6
Lapse                                                                                                                                            0.2           0.2
Operational and expense                                                                                                                          1.6            1.5


                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
Sectoral     i
                                                                                                                                                 0.5           0.5
Total undiversified                                                                                                                           11.6             11.1
Diversification, deferred tax, and other                                                                                                      (5.8)            (5.3)
Shareholder SCR                                                                                                                                  5.8           5.8

i     Includes entities included within the Group’s Solvency II capital position on a sectoral or notional sectoral basis, the most material of which is M&G
      Group Limited.

Sensitivity analysis of the Group’s Solvency II surplus and shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial information
The estimated sensitivity of the Group’s Solvency II surplus and shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio to significant changes in
market conditions are shown below. All sensitivities are presented after an assumed recalculation of transitional measures.

                                                                                            As at 31 December 2020                 As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                             Shareholder                             Shareholder
                                                                                               Surplus     coverage ratio             Surplus      coverage ratio
                                                                                                  £bn                  %                 £bn                   %
Base (as reported)                                                                                  4.8            182%                   4.5             176%
20% instantaneous fall in equity markets                                                            4.3            175%                   4.0             170%
20% instantaneous fall in property markets                                                          4.4            175%                    4.1             171%
50bp reduction in interest rates                                                                    4.6            173%                   4.4             170%




                                                                                                                                                                       Other information
100bp widening in credit spreads                                                                    4.3            178%                   4.0             172%
20% credit asset downgradei                                                                         4.4            175%                    4.2            170%

i     Average impact of one full letter downgrade across 20% of assets exposed to credit risk.

1.4.5 Estimated With-Profits Fund view of the Solvency II capital position
The With-Profits Fund view of the Solvency II capital position represents the standalone capital strength of the Group’s ring-
fenced With-Profits Fund. This view of Solvency II capital takes into account the assets, liabilities, and risk exposures within the
ring-fenced With-Profits Fund, which includes the WPSF, SAIF and DCPSF.
The estimated and unaudited Solvency II capital position for the Group under the With-Profits Fund view is shown below:

                                                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                                                                              £bn               £bn
With-Profits Fund Solvency II own funds                                                                                                       11.9             12.2
With-Profits Fund Solvency II SCR                                                                                                             (4.9)            (4.6)
With-Profits Fund Solvency II surplus                                                                                                            7.0            7.6
With-Profits Fund Solvency II coverage ratioi                                                                                               242%          267%

i     With-Profits Fund Solvency II coverage ratio has been calculated using unrounded figures.




                                                                                                              M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 291
Supplementary information continued



1.4 Solvency II capital position continued
1.4.6 Estimated regulatory view of the Solvency II capital position
The estimated and unaudited Solvency II capital position for the Group under the “regulatory” view is shown below:

                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020         2019
                                                                                                                      £bn          £bn
Solvency II own funds                                                                                                15.5         14.9
Solvency II SCR                                                                                                     (10.7)      (10.4)
Solvency II surplus                                                                                                   4.8         4.5
Solvency II coverage ratioi                                                                                        144%        143%

i   Solvency II coverage ratio has been calculated using unrounded figures.

1.5 Capital generation
The level of surplus capital is an important financial consideration for the Group. Capital generation measures the change in
surplus capital during the reporting period, and is therefore considered a key measure for the Group. It is integral to the running
and monitoring of the business, capital allocation and investment decisions, and ultimately the Group’s dividend policy.
The overall change in Solvency II surplus capital over the period is analysed as follows:
Total capital generation is the total change in Solvency II surplus capital before dividends and capital movements, and capital
generated from discontinued operations.
Operating capital generation is the total capital generation before tax, adjusted to exclude market movements relative to those
expected under long-term assumptions and to remove other non-operating items, including shareholder restructuring and other
costs as defined under adjusted operating profit before tax. It has two components:
(i) Underlying capital generation, which includes: the underlying expected surplus capital from the in-force life insurance
    business; the change in surplus capital as a result of writing new life insurance business; the adjusted operating profit before
    tax and associated regulatory capital movements from Asset Management; and other items, including head office expenses
    and debt interest costs.
(ii) Other operating capital generation, which includes non-market related experience variances, assumption changes, modelling
     changes and other movements.
Dividends and capital movements primarily represent external dividends paid to shareholders and changes to the capital
structure of the Group, such as issuing or repaying debt instruments. Also included within capital movements are the
Solvency II impact of the Group’s share-based payment awards over and above the amount expensed in respect of those
awards, and the surplus utilised or generated from transactions relating to the acquisition of business as defined by IFRS.
The expected surplus capital from the in-force life insurance business is calculated on the assumption of real-world investment
returns, which are determined by reference to the risk-free rate plus a risk premium based on the mix of assets held for the
relevant business. For with-profits business, the assumed average return was 4.30% for the year ended 31 December 2020
(2019: 4.28%). For annuity business, the assumed average return on assets backing capital was 2.09% for the year ended
31 December 2020 (2019: 2.44%).
The Group’s capital generation results in respect of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 are shown below
alongside a reconciliation of the total movement in the Group’s Solvency II surplus. The reconciliation is presented showing the
impact on the shareholder Solvency II own funds and SCR, which excludes the contribution to own funds and SCR from the
Group’s ring-fenced With-Profits Fund. The shareholder Solvency II capital position, and how this reconciles to the regulatory
capital position, is described in detail in section 1.4.
The capital generation results and comparatives have adopted a basis of preparation consistent with the IFRS consolidated
financial statements. In particular:
– The capital generated from the Prudential Vietnam Finance Company Limited and the capital impact arising on disposal of this
  entity during 2019, have been reflected within capital generated from discontinued operations.
– Merger accounting principles have been applied as described in Note 1.1 of the IFRS financial statements, meaning that
  PruCap and its subsidiaries, and 10FA India Private Limited have been included within the Group’s capital generation results
  from 1 January 2019. The movement in capital attributable to the discontinued corporate treasury activity of PruCap has been
  included within capital generated from discontinued operations.




292 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1.5 Capital generation continued
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December
                                                        Savings and




                                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                                                     Asset Management               Heritage               Corporate Centre                 Total
                                                        2020         2019         2020          2019         2020         2019         2020           2019
                                                          £m          £m            £m           £m            £m          £m            £m            £m
Underlying capital generation                             417         414          446            459        (286)          (91)       577            782
Other operating capital generation                        83           45          564            517          88          (68)        735            494
Operating capital generation                             500         459         1,010            976        (198)        (159)       1,312          1,276
Market movements                                                                                                                       (118)          538
Restructuring and other                                                                                                                    (73)       (133)
Tax                                                                                                                                    (126)          (172)
Total capital generation                                                                                                               995          1,509



                                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2020                                     2019
                                                                                Own
                                                                               fundsi          SCRi     Surplus      Own fundsi        SCRi         Surplus
    Reconciliation of movement in Group Solvency II surplus                       £m            £m          £m             £m           £m              £m
Underlying capital generation
Savings               Asset Management                                           316              (8)      308             381             (2)        379
and Asset             With-profits                                               163            (75)         88            130        (130)              —
Management




                                                                                                                                                               Financial information
                      – of which: In-force                                       151            (51)       100              96         (35)             61
                      – of which: New business                                    12           (24)         (12)            34         (95)            (61)
                      Other                                                       26              (5)        21             37             (2)          35
                      Savings and Asset Management
                      underlying capital generation                             505            (88)         417           548         (134)            414
Heritage              With-profits                                              100               5         105             71              —           71
                      Shareholder annuity and other                              193           148          341           255          133            388
                      Heritage underlying capital generation                    293            153         446             326         133            459
Corporate             Interest and head office costs                           (289)              3        (286)           (95)             4          (91)
Underlying capital generation                                                   509             68          577            779              3         782




                                                                                                                                                               Other information
Other operating capital generation
                      Savings and Asset Managementii                              27            56           83             29             16           45
                      Heritage                                                  297            267         564             222        295              517
                      Corporate Centreii                                          82              6          88             28         (96)            (68)
Operating capital generation                                                     915           397        1,312          1,058         218           1,276
                      Market movements                                          283           (401)        (118)          983         (445)           538
                      Restructuring and other                                    (73)              —        (73)          (168)            35         (133)
                      Tax                                                       (159)           33         (126)          (139)        (33)           (172)
Total capital generation                                                        966             29         995           1,734        (225)         1,509
Capital generation from discontinued operations                                     —              —           —            70             88          158
Total capital generation including discontinued operations                      966             29         995           1,804        (137)          1,667
Dividends and capital movements                                                (644)           (39)        (683)         (1,213)            2        (1,211)
Total increase/(decrease) in Solvency II surplus                                322             (10)        312            591        (135)           456

i     Own funds and SCR movements shown as per the shareholder Solvency II capital position, and do not include the own funds and SCR in respect of the
      ring-fenced With-Profits Fund.
ii    Other operating capital generation for Savings and Asset Management and the Corporate Centre include the impact of operating investment variances,
      which were previously presented within underlying capital generation. This change reflects that these items will fluctuate with market conditions.
      The results for the year ended 31 December 2019 have been restated in light of this change, which has no impact on operating capital generation
      or total capital generation.




                                                                                                         M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 293
Supplementary information continued



1.6 Financial ratios
Included in this section are details of how some of the financial ratios used to help analyse the performance of the Asset
Management business are calculated.

1.6 (i) Cost/income ratio
Cost/income ratio is a measure of cost efficiency which analyses costs as a percentage of revenue.

                                                                                                                                   For the year ended
                                                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                                                       2020            2019
                                                                                                                                         £m             £m
Total Asset Management operating expenses                                                                                              672             652
Adjustment for revaluations       i
                                                                                                                                           2             (7)
Total Asset Management adjusted costs                                                                                                  674             645
Total Asset Management fee-based revenues                                                                                              988         1,033
Less: Performance fees                                                                                                                  (42)           (20)
Total Asset Management underlying fee-based revenues                                                                                   946         1,013
Cost/income ratio (%)                                                                                                                  71%             64%

i    Reflects the revaluation of provisions relating to performance-based awards that are linked to underlying fund performance. M&G Group Limited hold
     units in the underlying funds to hedge the exposure on these awards.

1.6 (ii) Average fee margin
This represents the average fee revenue yield on fee business and demonstrates the margin being earned on the assets we
manage or administer.

                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2020                                      2019
                                                                            Average                   Revenue         Average                    Revenue
                                                                             AUMAi       Revenueii     marginiii       AUMAi       Revenueii      margin
                                                                                £bn          £m           bps             £bn          £m            bps
Retail Asset Management                                                           93         466            50            102          584              57
Institutional Asset Management                                                   171         480            28            165          429              26
Total Asset Management                                                          264          946            36            267         1,013             38

i    Average AUMA represents the average total market value of all financial assets managed and administered on behalf of customers during the financial
     period. Average AUMA is calculated using a 13-point average of monthly closing AUMA for full year periods.
ii   Fee margin is calculated by annualising underlying fee-based revenues earned, which excludes performance fees, in the period divided by average
     AUMA for the period. Revenue includes £227m of internal revenue (2019: £205m), of which £188m are included in Institutional Asset Management and
     £39m in Retail Asset Management.
iii Fee margin relates to the total margin for internal and external revenue. Retail Asset Management external revenue margin is 70bps (2019: 77bps)
    and Institutional Asset Management external revenue margin is 37bps (2019: 35bps). Total Asset Management internal revenue margin is 18bps
    (2019: 17bps).

1.7 Credit risk
The Group’s exposure to credit risk primarily arises from the annuity portfolio, which holds large amounts of investments on
which a certain level of defaults and downgrades are expected.
While the with-profits and unit-linked funds have large holdings of assets subject to credit risk, the shareholder results of the
Group are not directly exposed to credit defaults on assets held in these components. The direct exposure of the Group’s
shareholders’ equity to credit default risk in the ‘Other’ component in Note 34.1 is small in the context of the Group. However,
the shareholder is indirectly exposed to credit risk on these components through lower shareholder transfers in respect of the
with-profits business and lower charges levied in respect of the ‘unit-linked’ and ‘other’ components of the business.

Debt securities
Debt securities held in respect of annuities and other long-term business are analysed below by asset class:

                                                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2020            2019
                                                                                                                                         £m             £m
Government bonds                                                                                                                     5,354         5,678
Corporate bonds                                                                                                                      14,113      13,909
Asset-backed securities                                                                                                                807             791
Total debt securities                                                                                                               20,274       20,378



294 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
1.7 Credit risk continued
Debt securities held in respect of annuities and other long-term business are analysed below according to external credit ratingsi
issued, with equivalent ratings issued by different ratings agencies grouped together. Standard & Poor’s ratings have been




                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
used where available. For securities where Standard & Poor’s ratings are not immediately available those produced by Moody’s
and then Fitch have been used as an alternative. Debt securities are internally rated where no external credit rating is available.
The table below does not match the breakdown in 34.4.1 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements as it includes the
aggregate of both internal and external ratings.

                                                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                           2020          2019
                                                                                                                                             £m           £m
AAA                                                                                                                                       2,274        2,548
AA+ to AA-                                                                                                                                7,202         7,357
A+ to A-                                                                                                                                 6,639          7,352
BBB+ to BBB-                                                                                                                             3,484         2,647

                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
Below BBB-                                                                                                                                  675           474
Total debt securities                                                                                                                   20,274        20,378


In the table above, AAA is the highest possible rating. Investment grade financial assets are classified within the range of AAA
to BBB ratings. Financial assets which fall outside this range are classified as below BBB.

Asset-backed securities
The annuities and other long-term business has holdings in asset-backed securities (ABS) which are presented within debt
securities on the consolidated statement of financial position. These holdings in ABS comprise residential mortgage-backed




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial information
securities (RMBS), commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS), collateralised debt obligations (CDO) funds and other
asset-backed securities. At 31 December 2020, there was £807m (2019: £791m) asset-backed securities held in the annuities
and other longer-term business. The majority of these asset-backed securities are UK securities.

Exposure to sovereign debt
The exposure of annuities and other long-term business to sovereign debt is analysed as follows:

                                                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                           2020          2019
                                                                                                                                             £m           £m
Spain                                                                                                                                         57            47




                                                                                                                                                                    Other information
France                                                                                                                                       22                 —
Germany                                                                                                                                     137           188
Total Eurozone                                                                                                                              216           235
UK                                                                                                                                        1,949        2,075
Other                                                                                                                                       180           158
Total                                                                                                                                    2,345         2,468

This table does not include non-central sovereign debt (Quasi sovereign, Supranational and other public sector debt), therefore does not agree to
Government debt balance within the debt securities by industry disclosures that follow.

Exposure to debt securities issued by banks
The exposure of annuities and other long-term business to debt securities issued by banks is shown below by type of debt and
also by economy. Subordinated debt is a fixed interest debt that ranks below other debt in order of priority for repayment if the
issuer is liquidated.
Holders are compensated for the added risk through higher rates of interest. The senior debt ranks above subordinated debt in
the event of liquidation, whereas covered senior debt is also backed by other assets in the event of insolvency. These debt tier
classifications are consistent with the treatment of capital for regulatory purposes.
i   The credit ratings, information or data contained in this report which are attributed and specifically provided by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch
    Solutions and their respective affiliates and suppliers (“Content Providers”) is referred to here as the “Content”. Reproduction of any content in any
    form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of the relevant party. The Content Providers do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy,
    completeness, timeliness or availability of any Content and are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the
    cause, or for the results obtained from the use of such Content. The Content Providers expressly disclaim liability for any damages, costs, expenses,
    legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of the Content. A reference to a particular
    investment or security, a rating or any observation concerning an investment that is part of the Content is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
    any such investment or security, nor does it address the suitability of an investment or security and should not be relied on as investment advice.




                                                                                                            M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 295
Supplementary information continued



1.7 Credit risk continued
                                                                       Senior debt               Subordinated debt
                                                                                                                 Total
                                                                                  Total senior           subordinated
                                                             Covered       Senior        debt     Tier 2         debt          Total
As at 31 December 2020                                           £m           £m           £m       £m             £m            £m
France                                                            12          34          46             —              —        46
Germany                                                            3            —           3       90                90         93
Netherlands                                                        —          45          45             —              —        45
Total Eurozone                                                    15          79          94        90                90        184
UK                                                              409          190         599        72                 72       671
USA                                                                —         247         247        33                33        280
Other                                                              —          23           23       36                36         59
Total                                                           424          539         963       231               231       1,194

                                                                       Senior debt               Subordinated debt
                                                                                                                     Total
                                                                                  Total senior               subordinated
                                                             Covered       Senior        debt     Tier 2             debt       Total
As at 31 December 2019                                           £m           £m           £m       £m                £m         £m
France                                                            16           16          32            —              —            32
Germany                                                            3            –           3       83                83         86
Netherlands                                                        —           23          23            —              —            23
Total Eurozone                                                    19          39           58       83                83         141
UK                                                              420          229         649        69                69         718
USA                                                                —         230         230        30                30        260
Other                                                              —           10          10       36                36         46
Total                                                           439          508         947       218               218       1,165


Exposure of debt securities by sector
The exposure of annuities and other long-term business to debt securities is analysed below by sector:

                                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                                    2020        2019
                                                                                                                      £m         £m
Financial                                                                                                          6,317      5,905
Government                                                                                                         5,354      5,678
Real Estate                                                                                                       3,036       2,673
Utilities                                                                                                          2,727      2,886
Consumer                                                                                                             967      1,045
Industrial                                                                                                           709        820
Communications                                                                                                       431        428
Other                                                                                                                733        943
Total                                                                                                            20,274      20,378




296 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
                                                                                Strategic Report




   Other
                                                                                Governance

information
  298 Shareholder information
         299 Glossary
        302 Contact us




                                                                                Financial information




                                                                                Other information




                                M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 297
Shareholder information




M&G plc maintains a corporate website containing
a wide range of information relevant for private
and institutional investors, including the Company’s
financial calendar: www.mandgplc.com


Annual General Meeting                         Electronic communications                     Shareholder enquiries
M&G plc’s Annual General Meeting               Shareholders are encouraged to elect          For enquiries about shareholdings,
(AGM) is expected to be held at our            to receive shareholder documents              including dividends and lost share
offices at 10 Fenchurch Avenue,                electronically by registering with            certificates, please contact the
London EC3M 5AG on 26 May 2021                 Shareview at www.shareview.co.uk.             Company’s registrars:
at 10:00am. A poll will be called on           This will save on printing and distribution
all resolutions and the voting results,        costs, and create environmental               Registrar
including all proxies lodged prior to the      benefits. Shareholders who have               M&G plc’s share register is managed
meeting, will be displayed at the meeting      registered will be sent an email              and administered by Equiniti.
and subsequently published on the              notification whenever shareholder
Company’s website. Full details will be        documents are available on the                By post
included in the AGM Notice.                    Company’s website and a link will             Equiniti Limited, Aspect House,
                                               be provided to that information.              Spencer Road Lancing, West Sussex,
In accordance with relevant legislation,                                                     BN99 6DA, UK
                                               When registering, shareholders will
shareholders holding 5% or more of the
                                               need their shareholder reference
fully paid up issued share capital are
                                               number which can be found on their
                                                                                             By telephone
able to require the Directors to hold a                                                      Tel +44 (0)371 384 2543
                                               share certificate or proxy form.
general meeting. Written shareholder
requests should be addressed to the            Please contact Equiniti if you require        Lines are open from 8:30 to 17:30 (UK),
Group Company Secretary at the                 any assistance or further information.        Monday to Friday.
registered office.                                                                           International shareholders
                                               Share dealing services
                                                                                             Tel +44 (0)121 415 0280
Documents on display                           The Company’s registrars, Equiniti, offer
The terms and conditions of all                a postal dealing facility for buying and
Directors’ appointments are available for      selling M&G plc ordinary shares; please
inspection at the Company’s registered         see the Equiniti address opposite .
office during normal business hours            They also offer a telephone and internet
and at the AGM. Whilst government              dealing service, Shareview, which
restrictions relating to the COVID-19          provides a simple and convenient way
pandemic remain, however, inspection of        of selling M&G plc shares. For telephone
documents may need to be undertaken            sales, call +44 (0)345 603 7037 between
virtually. Please email Group Secretariat at   8.00am and 4.30pm, Monday to
GroupSecretariat@mandg.com if you              Friday, and for internet sales log on to:
wish to view any of these documents            www.shareview.co.uk/dealing
and arrangements will be made with you.
                                               ShareGift
Company constitution                           Shareholders who have only a small
M&G plc is governed by the Companies           number of shares, the value of which
Act 2006, other applicable legislation         makes them uneconomic to sell, may
and regulations, and provisions in its         wish to consider donating them to
Articles of Association (Articles) which       ShareGift (Registered Charity 1052686).
are available on the Company’s website.
                                               The relevant share transfer form may be
The Company’s Articles state that the
                                               obtained from Equiniti.
Board may appoint Directors but that
those Directors are required to offer          Further information about ShareGift may
themselves up for re-election annually         be obtained on +44 (0)20 7930 3737 or
at the AGM. The Articles can only be           from www.ShareGift.org
amended with shareholder approval.




298 | M&G plc A
           Annual
                RepRe
                    ort
                      anad
                         Acco
                           A unts
                                20220
Glossary




 Term               Definition                                     Term                Definition
Adjusted operating Adjusted operating profit before tax           Brexit               The term used to refer to the UK’s
profit before tax  is one of the Group’s key alternative                               departure from the European Union.



                                                                                                                                       Strategic
                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                                 report
                   performance measures. It is defined in         Chief Operating      The Group Executive Committee.
                   the key performance measures section           Decision Maker
                   on page 283.                                   Company/Parent       M&G plc, a public limited company
Alternative         An alternative performance measure            Company              incorporated in England and Wales
performance         (APM) is a financial measure of historic                           with registered number 11444019
measure (APM)       or future financial performance, financial                         whose registered office is 10 Fenchurch
                    position or cash flows, other than a                               Avenue, London EC3M 5AG, UK.
                    financial measure defined under IFRS or       Demerger             The demerger of the Group from the
                    under Solvency II regulations.                                     Prudential Group in October 2019.
Asset-backed        A security whose value and income             Director             A Director of the Company.
security (ABS)      payments are derived from and
                                                                  Earnings per         Earnings per share (EPS) is a commonly

                                                                                                                                       Governance
                    collateralised (or ‘backed’) by a specified
                                                                  share (EPS)          used financial metric which can be
                    pool of underlying assets. The pool of
                                                                                       used to measure the profitability and
                    assets is typically a group of small and
                                                                                       strength of a company over time.
                    illiquid assets that are unable to be
                                                                                       EPS is calculated by dividing profit after
                    sold individually.
                                                                                       tax by the number of ordinary shares.
Asset Management The Asset Management cost/income                                      Basic EPS uses the weighted average
cost/income ratio ratio represents total operating                                     number of ordinary shares outstanding
                  expenses, excluding revaluation of                                   during the year. Diluted EPS adjusts
                  provisions for employee performance                                  the weighted average number of
                  awards divided by total fee-based




                                                                                                                                       Financial information
                                                                                       ordinary shares outstanding to assume
                  revenues, excluding performance fees.                                conversion of all dilutive potential
Assets under        Assets Under Management and                                        ordinary shares, such as share options
management and      Administration represents the total                                awarded to employees.
administration      market value of all financial assets          Employee benefit     An employee benefit trust (EBT) is a
(AUMA)              managed, administered or advised on           trust (EBT)          trust set up to enable its Trustee to
                    behalf of customers and clients.                                   purchase and hold shares to satisfy
Average             The average fee margin is calculated                               employee share-based incentive
fee margin          from fee-based revenues earned in the                              plan awards.
                    period, excluding performance fees,           Fair value through   Fair value through profit or loss
                    divided by average AUMA for the period.       profit or loss       (FVTPL) is an IFRS measurement basis
                    It demonstrates the revenue margin that



                                                                                                                                       Other information
                                                                  (FVTPL)              permitted for assets and liabilities
                    was earned on the assets we manage                                 which meet certain criteria. Gains or
                    and administer.                                                    losses on assets or liabilities measured
Board               The Board of Directors of the Company.                             at FVTPL are recognised directly in the
Bonuses             Bonuses refer to the non-guaranteed                                income statement.
                    benefit added to participating life           FCA                  The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)
                    insurance policies and are the way in                              is the body responsible for supervising
                    which policyholders receive their share                            the conduct of all financial services firms
                    of the profits of the policies. There are                          and for the prudential regulation of those
                    normally two types of bonus:                                       financial services firms not supervised
                    – Regular bonus: expected to be                                    by the Prudential Regulation Authority
                      added every year during the term                                 (PRA), such as asset managers and
                      of the policy. It is not guaranteed that                         independent financial advisers.
                      a regular bonus will be added each          Group                The Company and its subsidiaries.
                      year, but once it is added, it cannot       Group Executive      The Group Executive Committee
                      be reversed, also known as annual           Committee            is composed of board officers and
                      or reversionary bonus; and                                       senior-level executive management.
                    – Final bonus: an additional bonus                                 It is the Group’s most senior executive
                      expected to be paid when                                         decision-making forum.
                      policyholders take money from
                      the policies. If investment return
                      has been low over the lifetime of the
                      policy, a final bonus may not be paid.
                      Final bonuses may vary and are
                      not guaranteed.




                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 299
Glossary continued




 Term                  Definition                                  Term               Definition
International       International Financial Reporting             Net promoter score Net promoter score is a measure of the
Financial Reporting Standards are accounting standards                               willingness of a company’s customers
Standards (IFRS)    issued by the International Accounting                           to recommend its products or services
                    Standards Board (IASB). The Group’s                              to others.
                    consolidated financial statements are         Non-profit          Contracts where the policyholders
                    prepared in accordance with IFRS              business            are not entitled to a share of the
                    adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC)                               company’s profits and surplus, but are
                    No 1606/2002 as it applies in the                                 entitled to other contractual benefits.
                    European Union.                                                   Examples include pure risk policies
Key performance        The Group measures its financial                               (such as fixed annuities) and unit-
measure (KPM)          performance using the following                                linked policies.
                       key performance measures: IFRS             Operating capital   Operating capital generation is the total
                       profit before tax, adjusted operating      generation          capital generation before tax, adjusted
                       profit before tax, Savings and Asset                           to exclude market movements relative
                       Management net client flows, AUMA,                             to those expected under long-term
                       shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio,                        assumptions and to remove other
                       total capital generation and operating                         non-operating items, including
                       capital generation.                                            shareholder restructuring costs.
Leverage ratio         The leverage ratio is calculated as        Own funds           Own funds refers to the Solvency II
                       nominal value of debt as a percentage                          measure of capital available to meet
                       of the Group’s shareholder own funds.                          losses, and is based on the assets less
Long-Term              The part of an executive’s remuneration                        liabilities of the Group, subject to certain
Incentive              designed to incentivise long-term value                        restrictions and adjustments.
Plan (LTIP)            for shareholders through an award          Paris Agreement     The Paris Agreement is an agreement
                       of shares with vesting contingent on                           within the United Nations Framework
                       employment and the satisfaction of                             Convention on climate change, dealing
                       stretching performance conditions                              with greenhouse gas emissions
                       linked to the Group’s strategy.                                mitigation, adaptation, and finance,
Merger and             In August 2017, Prudential plc announced                       agreed in 2015.
Transformation         the merger of its UK and Europe business   PRA                 The Prudential Regulation Authority
Programme              with the asset manager M&G to form                             (PRA) is the body responsible for the
                       the Group (the Merger). In conjunction                         prudential regulation and supervision of
                       with the Merger, and as part of the                            banks, building societies, credit unions,
                       execution of its business strategy, the                        insurers and major investment firms.
                       Group is implementing a transformation
                                                                  Prudential          The Prudential Assurance Company
                       programme, with a number of initiatives
                                                                  Assurance           Limited, a private limited company
                       and programmes. This is expected to be
                                                                  Company (PAC)       incorporated in England and Wales
                       completed in 2022.
                                                                                      with registered number 00015454
M&G Group Limited M&G Group Limited (MGG), is a private                               whose registered office is 10 Fenchurch
(MGG)             limited company incorporated in                                     Avenue, London EC3M 5AG, UK.
                  England and Wales with registered
                                                                  Prudential Group    Prudential plc and its subsidiaries and
                  number 00633480 whose registered
                                                                                      subsidiary undertakings.
                  office is 10 Fenchurch Avenue, London
                                                                  Prudential plc      Prudential plc is a public limited
                  EC3M 5AG, UK.
                                                                                      company incorporated in England and
                       MGG is the holding company of the                              Wales with registered number 1397169
                       Group’s asset management business,                             whose registered office is 1 Angel Court,
                       M&G Investments.                                               London EC2R 7AG, UK.
Net client flows       Net client flows represent gross inflows   PruFund             Our PruFund proposition provides
                       less gross outflows. Gross inflows are                         our retail customers with access to
                       new funds from clients and customers.                          smoothed savings contracts with a
                       Gross outflows are money withdrawn by                          wide choice of investment profiles.
                       clients and customers during the period.   Rothesay Life       Rothesay Life PLC.




300 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
 Term                 Definition                                   Term                Definition
Scottish Amicable     SAIF is a ring-fenced sub-fund of           Unallocated          Unallocated surplus of the With-
Insurance Fund        the With-Profits Fund following the         surplus of the       Profits Fund represents the excess of



                                                                                                                                       Strategic
                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                                 report
(SAIF)                acquisition of the mutually owned           With-Profits Fund    assets over policyholder liabilities that
                      Scottish Amicable Life Assurance                                 have yet to be appropriated between
                      Society in 1997. The fund is solely                              policyholders and shareholders.
                      for the benefit of policyholders of         Unit-linked policy   A policy where the benefits are
                      SAIF. Shareholders of M&G plc have                               determined by the investment
                      no interest in the profits of this fund                          performance of the underlying assets
                      although they are entitled to asset                              in the unit-linked fund.
                      management fees on this business.
                                                                  With-profits         Contracts where the policyholders
Shareholder           Shareholder Solvency II coverage ratio is   business             have a contractual right to receive,
Solvency II           the ratio of own funds to SCR, excluding                         at the discretion of the company,
coverage ratio        the contribution to own funds and SCR                            additional benefits based the profits
                      from the Group’s ring-fenced With-

                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                       of the fund, as a supplement to any
                      Profits Fund.                                                    guaranteed benefits.
Solvency capital      SCR represents the 99.5th percentile        With-Profits Fund    The Prudential Assurance Company
requirement (SCR)     (or 1-in-200) worst outcome over the                             Limited’s fund where policyholders
                      coming year, out of 100,000 equally                              are entitled to a share of the profits
                      likely scenarios, allowing for the                               of the fund. Normally, policyholders
                      dependency between the risks the                                 receive their share of the profits
                      business is exposed to. The SCR is                               through bonuses. It is also known as a
                      calculated using the Group’s Solvency II                         participating fund as policyholders have
                      Internal Model.                                                  a participating interest in the With-




                                                                                                                                       Financial information
Solvency II           A regime for the prudential regulation                           Profits Fund and any declared bonuses.
                      of insurance companies that was
                      introduced by the EU on 1 January 2016.
Solvency II surplus   Solvency II surplus represents the
                      own funds held by the Group less the
                      solvency capital requirement.
Total capital         Total capital generation is the
generation            total change in Solvency II surplus
                      capital before dividends and capital
                      movements, and capital generated
                      from discontinued operations.



                                                                                                                                       Other information
Total Shareholder     Total Shareholder Return represents
Return (TSR)          the growth in the value of a share plus
                      the value of dividends paid, assuming
                      that the dividends are reinvested
                      in the Company’s shares on the ex-
                      dividend date.
Transitional          Transitional measures on technical
measures              provisions are an adjustment to
                      Solvency II technical provisions, to
                      smooth the impact of the change in the
                      regulatory regime on 1 January2016.
                      This decreases linearly over 16 years
                      following the implementation of
                      Solvency II, but may be recalculated
                      in certain cases, subject to agreement
                      with the PRA.




                                                                                       M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 | 301
Contact us




Registered office                               Disclaimer on forward-looking statements
                                                This document may contain certain ‘forward-looking statements’ with
M&G plc                                         respect to M&G plc (M&G) and its affiliates (the M&G Group), its plans,
10 Fenchurch Avenue                             its current goals and expectations relating to future financial condition,
London                                          performance, results, operating environment, strategy and objectives.
EC3M 5AG                                        Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about M&G’s
                                                beliefs and expectations and including, without limitation, statements
UK                                              containing the words ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’, ‘continue’, ‘aims’, ‘estimates’,
                                                ‘projects’, ‘believes’, ‘intends’, ‘expects’, ‘plans’, ‘seeks’, ‘outlook’ and
Website                                         ‘anticipates’, and words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements.
                                                These statements are based on plans, estimates and projections as at the
www.mandgplc.com
                                                time they are made, and therefore persons reading this announcement are
                                                cautioned against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
Telephone
                                                By their nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent assumptions,
+44 (0)207 626 4588                             risk and uncertainty, as they generally relate to future events and
                                                circumstances that may be beyond the M&G Group’s control. A number
Registered number                               of important factors could cause M&G’s actual future financial condition
                                                or performance or other indicated results to differ materially from those
11444019                                        indicated in any forward-looking statement. Such factors include, but are
M&G plc is incorporated and registered          not limited to, UK domestic and global economic and business conditions
in England and Wales. M&G plc is a holding      (including the political, legal and economic effects of the UK’s decision to
company, some of whose subsidiaries             leave the European Union and the impact of COVID-19); market-related
are authorised and regulated, as applicable,    conditions and risk, including fluctuations in interest rates and exchange
by the Prudential Regulation Authority and      rates, the potential for a sustained low-interest rate environment, corporate
the Financial Conduct Authority.                liquidity risk and the future trading value of the shares of M&G; investment
                                                portfolio-related risks, such as the performance of financial markets
                                                generally; the policies and actions of regulatory authorities, including,
                                                for example, new government initiatives; the impact of competition,
                                                economic uncertainty, inflation and deflation; the effect on M&G’s business
                                                and results from, in particular, mortality and morbidity trends, longevity
                                                assumptions, lapse rates and policy renewal rates; the timing, impact and
                                                other uncertainties of future acquisitions or combinations within relevant
                                                industries; the impact of internal projects and other strategic actions,
                                                such as transformation programmes, failing to meet their objectives; the
                                                impact of operational risks, including risk associated with third-party
                                                arrangements, reliance on third-party distribution channels and disruption
                                                to the availability, confidentiality or integrity of M&G’s IT systems (or those
                                                of its suppliers); the impact of changes in capital, solvency standards,
                                                accounting standards or relevant regulatory frameworks, and tax and other
                                                legislation and regulations in the jurisdictions in which the M&G Group
                                                operates; and the impact of legal and regulatory actions, investigations
                                                and disputes. These and other important factors may, for example, result
                                                in changes to assumptions used for determining results of operations or
                                                re-estimations of reserves for future policy benefits.
                                                Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only
                                                as of the date on which they are made. M&G expressly disclaims any
                                                obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements contained
                                                in this document or any other forward-looking statements it may make,
                                                whether as a result of future events, new information or otherwise except
                                                as required pursuant to the UK Prospectus Rules, the UK Listing Rules,
                                                the UK Disclosure and Transparency Rules, or other applicable laws
                                                and regulations.
                                                This report has been prepared for, and only for, the members of M&G,
                                                as a body, and no other persons. M&G, its directors, employees, agents
                                                or advisers do not accept or assume responsibility to any other person
                                                to whom this document is shown or into whose hands it may come,
                                                and any such responsibility or liability is expressly disclaimed.




302 | M&G plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020
Designed and produced by
Radley Yeldar | ry.com

This Report is printed on UPM
Fine Offset which has been
independently certified according
to the rules of the Forest
Stewardship Council® (FSC).

The manufacturing paper
mill is registered to the
Environmental Management
System ISO 14001:2004 and is
Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC)
chain-of-custody certified.

Printed by Paragon Customer
Communications Ltd.

Printed using The Saphira Ink
Classic Speed 400, a vegetable
oil-based ink series. The ink fulfils
all the requirements of ISO 2846-1
and is suitable for print to ISO12647-2.

Paragon Customer
Communications has the
following certifications:
ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 50001,
ISO 27001 and ISO 22301.
M&G plc
10 Fenchurch Avenue
London
EC3M 5AG
United Kingdom
+44 (0)207 626 4588
mandgplc.com
