      Simplifying Business




Annual Report 2019
      ANNUAL                      2019 KEY POINTS
      SHAREHOLDERS
      MEETING                       Net profit after tax down
      will be held at
                                    49.7% to $0.67 million
      10.30am
                                    Dividend per share of 4.0
      Wednesday 23 October 2019     cents (prior year 7.5 cents)
      in the
      Jupiter Meeting Room          Revenue up 10.7% to
      Solution Dynamics Limited     $25.2 million
      18 Canaveral Drive
      Albany
      Auckland                      US and European revenue
                                    doubled to $8.2 million

                                    EBITDA down 39.6%
                                    to $1.37 million

                                    Net cash on hand
                                    $1.18 million

                                    Significant contract wins
                                    expected to generate
                                    strong earnings growth
                                    over the next two years

                                    Forecasting a strong
                                    rebound in earnings for
                                    FY2020




|2|
CONTENTS

2019 Key Points .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 2


Management Discussion and Analysis. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 4


Independent Auditor’s Report.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 14



Consolidated Financial Statements for the Year Ended 30 June 2019

>		 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 17

>		 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 17

>		 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 18

>		 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 19

>		 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 20

>		 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 21



Statement of Corporate Governance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .45


Company Directory .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 53




                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |3|
      Solution Dynamics Limited

      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      FY2019 Retrospective
      It was the best of times, it was the worst of times... (with apologies to Charles Dickens1). FY2019 was a year of
      change – both positive and negative – for Solution Dynamics Limited (“SDL” or the “Company”).
      Dealing with the negative issues first; these manifested in the domestic print and mailhouse sector, still the largest
      individual component of the Company’s revenue and earnings. SDL lost three medium sized contracts, all the result
      of customers moving their print volumes to a single source supplier. In each case, the majority of each customer’s
      requirement was offset printing; SDL only undertakes digital printing and was not able to provide the full range
      of print services each customer required. A further factor was NZ Post’s postage price hike on 1 July 2018. This
      resulted in many customers accelerating the rate at which they were migrating from paper to electronic delivery,
      particularly transactional mail customers (about half SDL’s domestic volume is transactional mail, as opposed
      to direct or promotional mail). The combination of these factors – along with the inevitable lag in reducing costs
      following the volume declines – meant pressure on margins in New Zealand operations.
      On the positive side, FY2019 was a year when international sales began to gain increasing traction, helped by
      a step up in North America following the acquisition of DigitalToPrint Inc (“DTP”) in late FY2018. While DTP has
      incurred greater than expected losses in the short term, and fell well short of meeting first year earn out targets, it
      now forms an essential component of SDL’s technology platform and assisted in winning several substantial pieces
      of new business. These new business wins had limited impact in FY2019, will provide some lift during FY2020 and
      should contribute sizeable gains thereafter. Additionally, expansion into the US market has seen the Company’s
      sales pipeline grow very significantly (SDL is achieving successful conversion from pipeline into sales, although
      sales cycles into large corporate customers are typically longer).
      SDL has historically been an “old economy” company with a predominantly New Zealand-based business
      consisting mainly of print and mail services. It additionally had an emerging growth software technology business,
      mostly in international markets. But the past financial year has seen the Company take a step change in its
      metamorphosis towards becoming mainly a provider of software technology that enables customers to more
      efficiently communicate (whether via print or electronically). It is notable that Europe and North America accounted
      for 32.5% of total SDL revenue in FY2019 (versus 17.7% for FY2018). And while the inevitable lags of new business
      onboarding and client volume ramp up means that this step change had minimal effect on FY2019 earnings results,
      the benefits should progressively appear in strong earnings growth over the coming two years.
      Particular mention should be made of SDL’s staff. FY2019 was a difficult year in the domestic market as the
      Company’s volumes dropped, which necessitated restructuring and cost cutting. These are never easy exercises
      and the Directors would like to thank staff for their assistance during these processes. Furthermore, as the scope
      and span of SDL’s international business has expanded, the time zone differences of dealing with increasing
      numbers of UK/Europe and US clients has meant NZ staff have frequently had to go well beyond regular work
      hours to provide the service levels that SDL prides itself on. Again, the Directors thank staff, including international
      staff, who have had to regularly work the “wee hours”.


      FY2019 Result Overview
      SDL has produced an audited net profit after tax of $0.67 million for FY2019. This is approximately half the profit
      earned in FY2018 with the decline primarily stemming from pressure on revenue and margins in the domestic
      print and mail business. This was coupled with additional costs relating to investing to support and accelerate
      international expansion. Key points from the result are:
      •    revenue growth of 10.7% to $25.2 million
      •    revenue from the UK and Europe rose 29.7% to $5.1 million and US revenue was $3.0 million, partly from the
           acquisition of DTP but also from new US customers won by SDL
      •    EBITDA declined 39.6% to $1.37 million
      •    acquisitions were a modest, but largely expected, net drag on EBITDA of $0.04 million
      •    acquisition add back to earnings of unearned earn out payments of $0.28 million
      •    amortisation rose 115.5% to $0.35 million (mainly acquisition related for customer contracts and software)
      •    net cash on hand at 30 June balance date was $1.18 million (no bank debt)
      •    the Directors have declared a final, fully imputed dividend of 2.0 cents per share (FY2018: 3.5 cents), taking the
           total dividend for FY2019 to 4.0 cents per share (FY2018: 7.5 cents), a decrease of 46.7%.


      1. Opening words from A Tale of Two Cities.

|4|
Business Overview
SDL operates in the Customer Communications market (essential mail, interactive marketing communications
and on-demand communications). The Company’s products and services are represented by two revenue
streams:
•   Services (itself separated into digital print & document handling services, outsourced services and
    scanning); and
•   Software & Technology.
Services includes digital print and mail house processing for two categories of mail items: transactional
mail, such as invoices and statements; and direct marketing mail such as promotional material. These are
then distributed through New Zealand Post’s (“NZ Post”) mail delivery system. A number of the components
included in this service, such as envelopes and postage, form part of outsourced service revenues. This service
differs from traditional printing in that each document printed is typically personalised and unique. Revenue
from Scantech is included in Services (for New Zealand scanning operations), while consulting and software
revenues that are related to Scantech’s software technology are included in the Software & Technology revenue
stream.
Software & Technology develops and markets SDL’s own software products related to a) multi-channel
marketing communications, which includes: a) digital asset management, communication templates and
campaign management, b) document archiving, c) document composition, d) desktop mail solutions, e)
scanning and scanning workflow, and f) international cross-border print-on-demand management software.
A range of further technology services are also offered relating to SDL’s own software and the management
of client data around the formatting, electronic output and archiving of customer communications. The US
business, DTP, acquired by SDL in May 2018 is wholly included in Software & Technology.
Despite the ongoing erosion of transactional mail volumes in particular, (anecdotal evidence suggests direct
marketing mail is seeing less erosion and is estimated to be reasonably static), the Directors believe that
SDL’s key point of difference is in offering integrated solutions incorporating both physical print and digital
technology. Some communications are better suited to print and will likely remain so for the foreseeable future.
In other cases, use of software technology such as DéjarMail (SDL’s desktop mail solution) can improve the
handling efficiency, management and cost of physical mail. The Company’s integrated range of print and
software technologies means it is able to offer a holistic and distribution channel/platform-agnostic approach to
managing its customers’ communications needs.
The Company operates from leased premises in the UK, USA and Albany, Auckland.


Acquisitions Update
SDL made two acquisitions late in the FY2018 financial year, Scantech in April 2018 and DTP in May 2018.
While neither acquisition met its earnout target, and in aggregate they operated for FY2019 at only a modest
EBITDA profit (with additional charges for amortisation), both are nevertheless adding greater business value
than FY2019 results infer.
Scantech saw weaker than expected domestic scanning revenue as the historic usual flow of one-off back
scan jobs ran at a much lower level than usual in the last year. However, there is significant consulting and
scanning software opportunities in the UK where privacy and data disclosure requirements mean organisations
are increasingly required to scan and archive physical documents. This is seeing print companies entering
scanning and Scantech is now consulting and selling its scanning software and services to establish scanning
bureaus in that market.
DTP was unprofitable when acquired and remained so during FY2019. However, the cross-border distributed
printing opportunity and the toe-hold into the US market have already opened significant opportunities for
SDL that are not reflected in the historic earnings result. DTP’s Jupiter platform has been a key component
(combined with other SDL software) of two client wins in the US, one part way through the year and one that
commenced a pilot trial early in FY2020. As both these annualise (the second one will only be trialling during
FY2020 and, assuming no issues during the pilot trials, only becomes fully operational in FY2021) they will
contribute material gains to revenue and earnings, particularly in FY2021.
Additionally, the sales pipeline in the US is sufficiently strong that further resource has been added with the
appointment of Pat Brand as President – SDL North America. Pat’s most recent role was with Pitney Bowes
where he was President of Document Messaging Technologies (now BlueCrest). He was also President of




                                                                                                                    |5|
      Solution Dynamics Limited
      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED


      Pitney Bowes’ Small and Medium Business (SMB) - North America division and retired from Pitney Bowes in
      2018 to become founder of an independent business consulting firm. Pat’s remit is to accelerate profitable
      growth in North America across the Enterprise and SMB (small to medium business) market sectors, through
      both direct and partner channels.
      Accounting rules require intangible assets acquired through acquisition to be allocated to items such as
      intellectual property (e.g. software) and the value of customer contracts. These intangibles must be written off
      by amortisation through the Income Statement and SDL is opting to write down acquired intangibles over a four
      to five year period. This means the Company incurred a non-cash amortisation charge against profit of $0.23
      million in FY2019 (and will incur this charge annually for each year for the next three years).


      Description and Review of Revenue Streams
      SDL Services
      SDL Services predominantly provides mail house operations to high-volume postal mail users, mainly those in
      the business-to-consumer sector. DéjarMail has expanded the market for SDL’s print and post service down to
      the SME (small to medium enterprise) sector although the Company does not sell directly to SMEs but reaches
      this market through channel partners.
      SDL Services operates leased, high-speed digital colour and monochrome printers. In addition to digital
      printing, Services also provides the usual ancillary document handling operations such as automated envelope
      inserting and flowrap.
      Services revenue also includes a variety of outsourced functions or components such as postage, offset
      printing, freight, paper and envelopes. The Company has an access agreement with NZ Post which provides
      bulk mail discounts off NZ Post’s retail rates, subject to SDL meeting minimum volumes requirements over a
      twelve month period. SDL continues to exceed NZ Post’s minimum volumes under this agreement. The profit
      margins on many of these outsourced components, especially postage, are slim.
      With general mail volumes continuing to decline, SDL’s FY2019 mail lodgement volumes fall accelerated to
      15.1% from 8.6% the prior year. The Company’s digital print volumes also fell, dropping by 19.2%. Both of
      these declines were exacerbated by the loss of three medium sized contracts during the year. In each case, the
      customer put their entire print volumes out for competitive tender with the aim of consolidating to a single print
      supplier; SDL was unable to compete as it does not offer offset printing and for each of the three customers the
      majority of their print requirement was offset print.
      On the digital communications side, SDL’s volume of customer emails rose 12.0%.
      Note that the growth in Outsourced Services revenue in the following table is a combination of both very low
      margin postage and the outsourced printing for part of DéjarMail volumes in the UK.
      SDL Services Revenue Breakdown			                                                                     Percentage
      (all figures $000)                                                         FY2019          FY2018         Change
      Digital Printing and Document Handling                                        5,561          6,773         -17.9%
      Outsourced Services                                                          11,270          9,907          13.8%
      Total Services Revenue		                                                     16,831         16,680           0.9%
      			
      The decline in digital printing was from erosion of print to electronic communications and client losses as noted
      above. Digital printing revenue in FY2020 will see the headwind of the full annualised effect of the client losses,
      although the earnings impact will be more muted as the Company is currently implementing a cost savings
      programme.
      SDL Software & Technology
      Digital tools and the ensuing digital transformation mean communication channels and the customer
      engagement model in most businesses has needed to adapt and become nimble and personalised.
      Organisations increasingly need to employ more “pull” marketing tactics, drawing people in to their brands
      with interesting, informative and engaging content. Communication channels are no longer “one size fits all”;
      customers can receive messaging through an omni-channel or multi-media approach. SDL treats every form
      of communication – whether a customer email, an invoice or account statement, or a piece of marketing
      collateral – as a means to enrich and deepen the personalised relationships that our customers have with their
      customers.




|6|
The Company’s history in mailhouse and fulfilment means we fully understand the importance of data accuracy,
timely delivery, and cost efficiency. The ongoing investment in software and technology demonstrates the SDL’s
commitment to making the most of the digital transformation opportunities available to our clients.

SDL Software has six software engines or platforms that are used to develop customer solutions:




Déjar is a digital archival system that provides the      DéjarMail is a web browser-based desktop mail
ability to efficiently store and retrieve electronic      management solution which allows customers to
documents created from most formatting tools.             route mail correspondence, by file transfer or web
Déjar allows users to exactly reproduce the original      browser portal (Post On Demand), to SDL or any
document and access these via a browser over the          other service provider for printing and delivery
local network or via the Internet. The reproduced         via post or any other medium. This delivers costs
document can be printed, faxed or emailed and             savings for smaller businesses and for larger
Déjar’s security and history features ensure every        companies’ ad hoc mail.
document created and subsequent access event is
recorded by User ID and date/time stamp.
                                                                   Jupiter


                                                          Jupiter, acquired as part of the DTP acquisition,
                                                          is a global print and mail solution that benefits
Composer is SDL’s electronic document                     Postal Administrators, senders and recipients, all
creation software. It is flexible and allows              via a “Managed Print and Mail Solution”. Jupiter
customised documents to be built on the fly,              provides a technology platform which links together
based on information retrieved from databases.            customer communication origin points such as ERP,
Based on templates it automatically creates               transactional and marketing output with production
templates, documents and letters with dynamic,            and fulfilment on a globally distributed basis.
customised content, formatted to each customer’s          Closely integrated with over 300 service providers
requirements. Composer allows companies to                globally, customers can use a highly flexible web
easily standardise corporate documentation                service API to achieve simultaneous concurrent
formats for all users, including regional and             fulfilment across five continents, all while retaining
legal variations. Templates, documents, emails,           visibility and control of the process via an intuitive
letters and newsletters created by Composer are           and mobile friendly, web portal.
automated, ready to archive, print, publish online, or
                                                          The scope for integration of the SDL product set
electronically distribute to customers in one step.
                                                          with Jupiter’s global fulfilment network opens the
                                                          door to expansion of the markets that the range of
                                                          SDL solutions can apply to.



Bremy is an integrated, multi-channel publishing
and distribution solution for businesses across a
broad spectrum of industries. It manages the work
                                                          Scantech’s suite of software solutions include
flow of digital assets, from document creation
                                                          scanning applications to digitise physical
and revision, to final email or print-ready files and
                                                          documents, automated extraction of data from
distribution through multiple channels, including
                                                          documents (both physical and digital) including
print, email, web, digital signage and mobile. It
                                                          workflows for the processing of this data and
helps streamline and provides integrity to document
                                                          the automation of business processes such as
proofing and integrates with data sources to
                                                          accounts payable and accounts receivable. These
produce complex documents such as online
                                                          are also integrated into SDL products, such as Déjar
or physical catalogues. It also has a Campaign
                                                          for archival and retrieval.
Manager module to assist companies in creating
and managing specific advertising programmes.




                                                                                                                   |7|
      Solution Dynamics Limited
      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED


      Software & Technology revenue is earned from three sources.
      SaaS (Software as a Service) is an alternative to the traditional, now largely defunct, licensing of software
      (although SDL did sell one licence in FY2019). Under SaaS, rather than pay an upfront fee, customers opt to
      run SDL’s software on a pay-as-you-go model, typically by way of a per-document or per-electronic transaction
      charge. Under this model, SDL will usually host the software (using third party hosting infrastructure, such as
      Amazon Web Services) and related data on behalf of the client. While SDL forgoes the benefit of any large
      up-front licence revenue, the SaaS approach does build an annuity revenue base that then generates value
      over a longer term and typically results in “stickier” clients. The trend in recent years has been for customers to
      prefer SaaS rather than acquiring a software licence, to the point where the Company no longer expects to sell
      licences.
      Secondly, the company offers bespoke software development services where this is related to a customer
      using SDL’s software. An example is a customer requiring a front end, web-based access portal to allow its
      clients to access the underlying data being stored or managed by SDL’s software.
      The third is the provision of programming, consulting, business analysis and design services that help clients to
      manage essential and marketing communications both by mail and electronic transfer.
      Software encompasses all international software revenue and all revenue from all of our software products and
      services. It also includes Déjar revenue in New Zealand for digital document archival and management for SDL
      Services’ customers. Note that a significant part of the revenue from DéjarMail is generated in SDL Services (as
      part of Outsourced Service revenue) from the postage component of the service.
      In addition to New Zealand and Australia, both Déjar and Composer are sold internationally, mainly in the
      UK and Europe. Bremy is predominantly a New Zealand product, with several Australian and UK customers
      and the Company sees potential for ongoing and potentially strong growth in the UK, albeit from a low base.
      DéjarMail is continuing to see solid growth in the UK and given the early-stage client base in that region we
      expect this will be a secular growth trend that will run for a number of years. SDL expects the growth in the UK
      to be mirrored in the US and an initial client aimed at the SME market is gaining traction and expected to show
      significant volume gains in FY2020.
      In the UK, SDL has continued to add further sales and support personnel as business has grown, and will
      incur the full annualised impact on profitability from these costs during FY2020. As noted previously, additional
      sales personnel are being added in the US to support what the Company views as a very significant market
      opportunity, and one where some success has already been achieved. As part of this growth initiative, SDL
      has secured a market development grant from NZ Trade and Enterprise (“NZTE”) to assist with the costs of this
      expansion. The NZTE grant covers 40% of applicable costs and is to a maximum of $0.6 million or for three
      years, which comes first.
      Software & Technology generated revenue of $8.32 million in FY2019, an increase of 37.5% on the prior
      year’s revenue of $6.05 million (and an acceleration of growth from 19.5% the prior year), largely the result of
      DéjarMail growth in both the UK and USA. There was one medium-sized, one-off licence deal booked late in
      the year. Software development activity ran at a lower than expected rate and SDL’s key driver of growth –
      SaaS revenues – continued to build steadily aided by expansion into the USA with the DTP acquisition plus
      securing a sizeable new DejarMail customer mid-way through the financial year.


      Financial Performance
      Revenue growth in FY2019 was generated by both Software and Technology, and Outsourced Services,
      while Digital Imaging and Document Handling fell by around 18%. Outsourced Services revenue gains are
      predominantly the effect of printing for DéjarMail volumes in the UK. Postage margins remain very low and New
      Zealand Post has disbanded the Postal Network Access Committee, with zonal pricing now in effect (this is
      neutral to perhaps modestly positive given SDL’s mail volume emphasis in Auckland).




|8|
Summary Financial Performance			                                                                      Percentage
(all figures $000)             FY2019 FY2018                                                             Change
Total Revenue                                                               25,155          22,732          10.7%
Less: Cost of Goods Sold                                                    16,827          14,315          17.5%
Gross Margin		                                                               8,328           8,417          -1.0%
Gross Margin (%)                                                            33.1%           37.0%
Less: Selling, General & Admin                                               6,955           6,144          13.2%
EBITDA		1,373                                                                                2,273         -39.6%
EBITDA margin (%)                                                             5.5%          10.0%
Depreciation                                                                   238             208          14.4%
Amortisation                                                                   347             161        115.5%
EBIT		 788                                                                                   1,904         -58.6%
Net Interest                                                                    (4)             (5)             n.m.
Income Tax                                                                     122             577         -78.9%
Net Profit after Tax		                                                         670           1,332         -49.7%
Tax rate                                                                    15.4%           30.2%


FY2019 earnings were reduced by the loss of digital print and mail customers as noted.
The other main effect came from acquisitions. First, SDL’s amortisation charge increased from the amortisation
of acquired intangibles for the value of software and customer contracts; this amounted to an additional $0.23
million of amortisation. Secondly, the accounting for acquisitions required SDL to estimate, at the time of
purchase, the likely earn out that would be paid. In the event, only a partial earn out for Scantech was paid
and the requirements to pay the balance for Scantech and all of DTP were not met. Accordingly, the residual
earn out amount that was allowed for in the accounts in FY2018 was written back to earnings in FY2019. This
amount was $0.283 million (there was no tax liability on this write back) and this was a credit against Selling,
General & Administration costs. SG&A was reported as $6.96 million, an increase of 13.2%; removing the earn
out credit to give a like-for-like comparison would see SG&A as $7.24 million or an increase of 17.8%, although
part of the SG&A increase was a result of additional staff through the acquisitions of Scantech and DTP.
SDL’s effective tax rate was 15.4% for FY2019. This is predominantly from the impact of the acquisition write
back to profit and ring fenced losses in the US which could not be grouped for tax purposes. These losses are
not material and the Company expects that new business already won in the US will see the tax losses utilised
and the US market turn to profitability in FY2020.
The change in mix of revenue towards a greater component of low margin, outsourced services is causing
SDL’s percentage Gross Margin to continue compressing, although the dollar Gross Margin held broadly flat
for the year (down 1.0%). This trend of Gross Margin percentage pressure should persist in the coming year as
DéjarMail’s offshore revenue grows at a faster rate than the rest of the Company’s business. SDL’s is continuing
with the addition to sales and support staff in offshore markets, particularly the UK, and also had additional
overhead from Scantech and DTP.
The following table highlights first and second half performance for the last two financial years. Both years
contain net EBITDA losses from the acquisitions combined but these are not material amounts.

SDL Half Financial Years
(all figures $000)                    2H           2H        Percent           1H             1H          Percent
                                  FY2019       FY2018        Change        FY2019         FY2018          Change
Total Revenue                      12,429        11,440         8.6%        12,726          11,292          12.7%
EBITDA                                791           949       -16.6%           582           1,324         -56.0%
EBITDA margin                        6.4%         8.3%		                      4.6%          11.7%
Tax rate                             2.2%        32.2%		                    36.6%           28.9%




                                                                                                                       |9|
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED


         Balance Sheet, Liquidity and Debt
         Capital expenditure in FY2019 was $0.36 million. The capex spend mainly related to specialised booklet
         equipment, upgrading older inserting equipment and finalising the upgrade of SDL’s accounting and print job
         management systems.
         The Company’s net cash (i.e. cash net of interest bearing debt) position declined to $1.18 million. The lower
         than usual conversion to earnings to cash was the result of two main factors. The first was the non-cash write
         back to earnings of the $0.28 million of unearned acquisition earn out. The second was from several larger
         software contracts and associated setup revenues occurring in June, causing year end accounts receivable to
         be somewhat higher than expected and the cash received subsequent to balance date.
         At balance date the Company’s sole remaining bank facility was an unused overdraft arrangement from ANZ
         Bank with a $0.20 million limit.

         Selected Balance Sheet and Cashflow Figures
         (all figures $000)                                                         FY2019          FY2018         Change
         Net Bank Cash/(Debt & Borrowings)                                             1,182          1,956            (774)
         Non-Current Assets                                                            2,696          2,895            (199)
         Net Other Liabilities                                                            56           (840)             896
         Net Assets		                                                                  3,934          4,011             (77)
         Cashflow from Trading                                                         1,236          1,677            (441)
         Movement in Working Capital                                                   (880)            (55)           (825)
         Cash Inflow from Operations		                                                  356           1,622          (1,266)
         Cash dividends paid		                                                          804           1,042           (235)
         			
         Net Assets includes goodwill related to the original purchases of the software products Déjar and Bremy.
         Bremy accounts for around three quarters of the $1.06 million carrying value of goodwill. An impairment test is
         conducted against the carrying value of these assets each year and the Directors believe the current value of
         these products remains comfortably in excess of their carrying values. Net assets also includes around $0.77
         million of intangibles for software and customers contracts from acquisitions; these will largely be amortised
         over the coming three years (and were much of the amortisation expense in FY2019).
         While SDL’s balance sheet shows a positive net-cash position, the Company is also carrying leases on its
         premises and much of its digital printing equipment. The annual cost of rentals and leases was $0.68 million
         in FY2019 ($0.72 million in FY2018) and represents off balance sheet leverage. In FY2020 the accounting
         standards relating to leases will change. Operating leases will be capitalised as a right to use asset and a
         debt liability recognised, increasing the amount of debt on the balance sheet, as well as altering the Income
         Statement by mandating that part of the lease payment be accounted for as a financing (i.e. interest cost)
         charge and depreciation of the right to use asset.
         Excluding the net cash balance from SDL’s working capital, the Company currently operates with a largely
         neutral working capital balance. The Company adopts a positive view to this aspect of its balance sheet. It
         means SDL can generally continue to grow revenue without particular requirement to fund additional working
         capital needs.


         Taxation and Dividends
         Aside from minor timing issues and non-deductible expenses, the Company pays full New Zealand tax on
         locally generated earnings. SDL is now paying UK tax at the full rate. The DTP business in the US is currently
         making losses and has some residual tax losses available. These are effectively ring fenced within the US and
         SDL is not able to group them to offset other profits. However, the extent of recent new contract wins in the US
         means it likely that these losses will be fully utilised in FY2020. As noted above, the tax rate in FY2019 was also
         distorted by the non-cash write back of unearned acquisition earn out, on which no tax was payable. Further,
         a portion (relating to customer contracts and some of the acquired software) of amortisation of acquired
         intangibles is not tax deductible and this will bias the reported tax rate upwards until these are fully written
         down.




| 10 |
SDL only intends to pay dividends to the extent that it can fully impute them and also subject to SDL not
experiencing any one-off requirements for abnormal capital expenditure or any significant acquisition or
investment activity.

			Percentage
Earnings and Dividends per Share FY2019 FY2018 Change
Shares on Issue (‘000)                                                                            14,640              14,560                0.5%
Earnings per Share (cents)(a)                                                                        4.58                9.15             -50.0%
Adjusted Earnings per Share (cents)(b)                                                               6.95               10.25             -32.2%
Dividend per Share (cents)                                                                           4.00                7.50             -46.7%
Dividend Proportion Imputed                                                                      100.0%              100.0%
Dividend Payout ratio                                                                             87.4%               82.0%
Dividend Payout ratio on NPATA         (c)
                                                                                                  57.6%               73.1%

(a) Earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit after tax by the number of ordinary shares outstanding at the end of the accounting
period.

(b) Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP accounting measure that is calculated by adding back the costs and losses relating to SDL’s two
recent acquisitions. It is provided to provide investors with a more meaningful like-for-like comparison against the prior year earnings per share.
(c) Note that SDL’s FY2019 agreement with NZTE for market development funding for North America limits the Company to a maximum
dividend payout ratio of 75% of Net Profit after Tax plus Amortisation.


Shares on issue rose slightly (+0.5%) over FY2019, entirely the result of SDL staff exercising Employee Share
Option Programme (“ESOP”) options that were issued in 2014. A further tranche of ESOP options were granted
during the year to two key staff.


Operational Performance
The industry-wide decline in general mail volume is continuing and anecdotal industry comments suggest that
the rate of decline increased in FY2019, exacerbated by NZ Post postal pricing increases from 1 July 2018.
While SDL has historically gained sufficient market share to offset industry-wide volume declines, this was not
the case in FY2019; SDL’s mail volumes dropped 15.1% and digital print volumes were down 19.2% on the
prior year. SDL’s print equipment has significant capacity, particularly from a high-speed, continuous printer
under the DMS agreement with FXNZ. The Company is continuing to transition a greater proportion of its print
jobs from cut sheet printers onto the continuous printer as this provides efficiency benefits.


New Zealand Postal Market
The domestic postal services market remains difficult. A substantial increase in the price of mail took effect
from 1 July 2018 with the price of a standard letter rising by 20 cents from $1.00 to $1.20, and bulk mail prices
also increased along with tighter conditions to achieve bulk pricing.
SDL experienced a step down in mail volumes from this (plus customer losses as noted), and estimates there
will be ongoing volume erosion from the lower base, albeit the rate of decline is unlikely to be as severe as in
FY2019. SDL is seeing an accelerated move towards greater use of digital communications solutions from
some customers.
Nevertheless, as the Company’s customers opt to more rapidly switch towards greater electronic
communications, SDL will inevitably suffer margin loss from lower utilisation of its printing assets and any
revenue and margin gained from SDL Software & Technology will not be sufficient to offset all of this decline.


Risk Factors
The physical mail market will continue to decline in volume although we believe it is unlikely to be as steep as in
FY2019. This has several industry-wide implications. First, excess printing capacity in the mail house physical
print sector, already a problem, will worsen from an already poor position. Secondly, increased competition
for lower volumes may spill over into pricing and margin pressure. The risk is partly mitigated by SDL’s ability
to add value through its technology offerings although excessive price discounting of printing services would




                                                                                                                                                      | 11 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED


         affect profitability across the entire industry and SDL would not be immune to this threat. Additionally, pressure
         on marginal print operators is likely to cause industry rationalisation. While SDL has held discussions with
         various participants in the print sector, these have not led anywhere to date.
         SDL’s top five customers (both domestic and international) provided 38.6% of the Company’s revenue in
         FY2019 with the largest customer accounting for 12.7% of revenue. Loss of one or more of those customers
         could cause financial results to differ materially from those outlined in the FY2020 Outlook section below. This
         risk is partly mitigated by having a number of these clients under contract, as well as the offset of expecting
         revenue growth outside these clients, particularly from DéjarMail.
         The Company’s software provides critical document management and storage functions for its clients. SDL
         needs to ensure it continues to maintain adequate levels of software quality control. SDL also regards IT and
         data security as a potential risk area and regularly reviews its IT and data security arrangements.
         The Company operates a single site facility, albeit with an offsite for data and server backup. The Directors
         are conscious of the operational risk a single site implies for digital imaging operations. SDL has investigated
         reciprocal disaster recovery (“DR”) plans with other printers, and the Company has some capability with Fuji
         Xerox DMS, however, in general, print capacity mismatches have meant there are few possible solutions. SDL
         continues to explore DR options.
         The Company relies on several third party distributors to market and support its software products, especially
         in international markets. There is no certainty that these arrangements will be successful in meeting revenue
         expectations and SDL may be required to devote more time and funds to support its existing international
         distribution structures. The Company has been increasingly investing in its own direct sales channels to market
         in the UK in recent years and is currently in the process of investing in sales infrastructure (i.e. people) in the
         US.


         Technology Innovation
         SDL operates in both the old economy print/mail house business and the new economy document
         management business. While there are many areas where printed mail is continuing to decline, some elements
         (e.g. direct marketing) of print and mail remain reasonably resilient. Nevertheless, SDL is continuing to innovate
         and develop its software offerings to ensure the Company is agnostic in the communication channels it is able
         to offer its clients to communicate with their customers.
         SDL has been progressively managing its portfolio of digital document software IP to ensure the Company
         is capable of making this progressive transition towards the growing emphasis on digital customer
         communications. This involves increasing internationalisation of SDL’s revenues, both through software
         product development and acquisitions such as DTP, as well as the development of channel partners to build
         distribution.


         Migration to NZX Main Board Listing and Governance
         Late in FY2019, SDL migrated its listing to the NZX main board, following NZX’s announcement that it
         would close the NZAX board where SDL was historically listed. NZX provided a pathway to migration that
         included various waivers. As part of the migration, SDL was obliged to update its Constitution and one of the
         NZX waivers was that SDL could delay requiring shareholder approval of the new Constitution until its next
         shareholders’ meeting. The Notice of Meeting that will be issued for the next Annual Meeting, scheduled for
         23 October 2019, will contain the new Constitution and shareholders will be asked to vote to adopt it.
         The Directors remain aware that the Company’s shares trade relatively infrequently. The predominant factor
         for this is the high extent to which large blocks of SDL’s shares are held by parties who do not normally trade
         them, reducing the effective free float. Additionally the lack of sharebroker research coverage means financial
         advisors are somewhat precluded from discussing or recommending the stock with investing clients. The
         Directors will review the extent to which the move to the main board listing assists with liquidity and then
         contemplate what other actions may be possible.




| 12 |
As part of the migration to the NZX main board, SDL has updated its Constitution to comply with more recent
NZX Listing Rules which it is now subject to. A formal Audit & Risk Committee has been established and a
range of governance and policy statements produced (available on the Company’s website).
The Company added two directors ahead of the main board move: Andy Preece and Lee Eglinton. Andy has
extensive experience across a range or print-related and communications-related businesses and a proven
record of turning around businesses and delivering sustainable shareholder returns, along with experience
managing acquisition and divestment activities globally. Andy is an independent director and chairs the Audit
& Risk Committee. Lee has a broad range of experience across the technology, consumer electronics and
telecommunications sectors, and her executive roles have included General Manager Australia/NZ and NZ
Country Manager of an IT services and consulting business. Prior to that she spent eight years at IBM NZ
in a range of roles including Consulting Services, the company’s CRM practice, and business analytics and
optimisation. Lee is a member of the Audit & Risk Committee.


FY2020 Outlook
The outlook for FY2020 is for significant growth over FY2019. The key factors that change in the coming year
are:
•   the annualised negative effect of the FY2019 print and mail account losses in NZ;
•   cost savings in the domestic business that should progressively be achieved during 1H FY2020;
•   margin erosion as domestic physical print and mail volumes shift to digital delivery;
•   revenue growth in North America from annualising software contract wins during FY2019;
•   ongoing revenue growth in the UK, particularly from DéjarMail;
•   addition of costs in North America and UK to build out sales efforts and channels; and
•   offset to North American cost growth from NZTE market development funding.
A major contract with a multinational company that SDL won late in FY2019 will make a modest contribution
during FY2020 as it remains in pilot phase during the year. Subject to successful execution of the two pilot
programmes – we can report that the first phase has already been successfully completed – then the full
revenue and earnings effects will occur in FY2021.
Additionally, SDL continues to have a significant pipeline of opportunities, especially in North America, and has
already seen successful conversion of some of those opportunities. The Company’s outlook has a degree of
expectation that this conversion of pipeline to contracts will continue.
The net outcome of the above factors is that SDL expects revenue growth for FY2020 of around 15% and
that operating earnings (EBITDA) is expected to recover significantly and be broadly in line with the FY2018
outcome. Amortisation charges have increased and will remain elevated as a result of writing down the
software and customer contract values from the DTP and Scantech acquisitions. As noted, the Company’s
forecast has the caveat that it includes some new business growth assumptions (especially in North America)
and is subject to the usual risks that the print and mail house markets remain extremely competitive and in
decline.




John McMahon                                                    Nelson Siva
Director (Chairman)                                             Director (CEO)




                                                                                                                    | 13 |
                                                                                                                                                                                              Grant Thornton New Zealand
           Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                                                                                 Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                              Audit Partnership

                                                                                                                                                                                            L4,Thornton  New Zealand
         Independent Auditor’s
                       Auditor’sReport
                                                                                                                                                                                                Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                                                                                                        Audit Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                            Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                            152    Thornton
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fanshawe    New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Street
           Independent
          Independent  Auditor’s Report
                                 Report
                                                                                                                                                                                           Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                            Audit
                                                                                                                                                                                            PO Box
                                                                                                                                                                                        L4,Audit
                                                                                                                                                                                           Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Thornton  New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                                     1961
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Thornton
                                                                                                                                                                                            Auckland  1140 House
                                                                                                                                                                                        152 Fanshawe   Street House
                                                                                                                                                                                            L4, Grant Thornton
                                                                                                                                                                                        POL4,
                                                                                                                                                                                            Box
                                                                                                                                                                                            152
                                                                                                                                                                                            T
                                                                                                                                                                                               Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                              +641961Thornton
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fanshawe
                                                                                                                                                                                                   9 308
                                                                                                                                                                                                              House
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Street
                                                                                                                                                                                                         2570
                                                                                                                                                                                           152
                                                                                                                                                                                        Auckland
                                                                                                                                                                                            PO  Fanshawe
                                                                                                                                                                                                  1140
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Box      Street
                                                                                                                                                                                                     19614892
                                                                                                                                                                                            F
                                                                                                                                                                                           PO +64  9 309
                                                                                                                                                                                               Box 1961
                                                                                                                                                                                            Auckland  1140
                                                                                                                                                                                            www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                           Auckland  1140
                                                                                                                                                                                        T +64 9 308 2570
                                                                                                                                                                                        F +64 9 309 308
                                                                                                                                                                                            T +64    48922570
                                                                                                                                                                                           TF+64
                                                                                                                                                                                              +6499308
                                                                                                                                                                                                     3092570
                                                                                                                                                                                        www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                                         4892
                                                                                                                                                                                           Fwww.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                             +64 9 309 4892
                                                                                                                                                                                           www.grantthornton.co.nz
               To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited
         ToReport
            the Shareholders
                     on the Auditofofof  Solution
                                            the        Dynamics Financial
                                                 Consolidated         Limited Statements
           Tothe
          To    theShareholders
                     Shareholders       of   Solution
                                             Solution     DynamicsLimited
                                                         Dynamics         Limited
           To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited
         Report
           Opinionon the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
           Report
          Report     onthe
                    on    theAudit
                               Auditof  ofthe
                                            theConsolidated
                                                 ConsolidatedFinancial
                                                                     FinancialStatements
                                                                                    Statements
           Report
         Opinion     on   the  Audit   of  the  Consolidated        Financial    Statements
           We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (the Group) on pages xx to
           Opinion
           yy which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2018 and the consolidated
          Opinion
         We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (the Group) on pages xx to
              Opinion
              statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
             which
         yy We      have
              We have   compriseaudited   the the   consolidated
                                                 consolidated                 financial
                                                                           statement          statements
                                                                                              of financial        of   Solution
                                                                                                                  position             Dynamics           Limited       (the   Group)          on pages         xx to
              We  have
              changes          audited
                              audited
                               in equity     the
                                            theand consolidated
                                                  consolidated
                                                        consolidated          financial
                                                                            financial
                                                                                statement     statements
                                                                                                  of cash of
                                                                                            statements           flows     for as
                                                                                                                       Solution
                                                                                                                   ofSolution          at   30 June
                                                                                                                                         Dynamics
                                                                                                                                  theDynamics
                                                                                                                                         year              2018
                                                                                                                                                           Limited
                                                                                                                                                  thenLimited
                                                                                                                                                           ended,   and  (the
                                                                                                                                                                      (the
                                                                                                                                                                       and  the    consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                Group)
                                                                                                                                                                              Group)
                                                                                                                                                                               notes       toonon
                                                                                                                                                                                                the    pagesxx
                                                                                                                                                                                                   pages        17to
              yy
              to  which
                 44
         statement      which  comprise
                                    comprise    the     consolidated
                                                       the     consolidated     statement
                                                                                       statement   of  financial
                                                                                                          of  financialposition
                                                                                                                              position as     at
                                                                                                                                               as 30 atJune
                                                                                                                                                        30      2018
                                                                                                                                                              June        and
                                                                                                                                                                       2019,      the
                                                                                                                                                                                  and     consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                           the     consolidated
            yy   whichofcomprise
              consolidated      profit    or loss,
                                      financial          consolidated
                                               the consolidated
                                                       statements,               statement
                                                                               statement
                                                                              including        a of     comprehensive
                                                                                                   ofinancial
                                                                                                  summary           ofposition
                                                                                                                        significant   income,
                                                                                                                                      as at     30 consolidated
                                                                                                                                                      June 2018
                                                                                                                                             accounting         policies andstatement
                                                                                                                                                                                the consolidatedof
              statement
              statement           of profit
                                         andoror    loss,       consolidated           statement
                                                                                             of cashofofof    comprehensive                  income,       consolidated           statement            of
         changes
            statement                 profit
                                ofofprofit
                        in equity               or   loss,consolidated
                                                consolidated
                                                  loss,         consolidated
                                                                           statement    statement
                                                                                     statement             lows otherfor comprehensive
                                                                                                            comprehensive  the yearincome,  then        income,
                                                                                                                                                     ended,       andconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                         consolidated    notes      to the statement
                                                                                                                                                                                statement             of          of
              In our
              changes
         consolidated    opinion,
                               in  equitythe    accompanying
                                               and      consolidated
                                                        consolidated         consolidated
                                                                                statement
                                                                                statement         offinancial
                                                                                                   of  cash
                                                                                                        cash        statements
                                                                                                                 flows
                                                                                                                  flows    for
                                                                                                                             for  the
                                                                                                                                    the   present
                                                                                                                                         year
                                                                                                                                          year    then
                                                                                                                                                    thenfairly,
                                                                                                                                                           ended,
                                                                                                                                                            ended, in all
                                                                                                                                                                       and
                                                                                                                                                                         andmaterial
                                                                                                                                                                               notes
                                                                                                                                                                                 notes      respects,
                                                                                                                                                                                           toto thethe        the
                                                                                                                                                                                                          financial
            changes infinancial   equity and    statements,
                                                     consolidated       including
                                                                               statementa summaryof cashofflows   significant
                                                                                                                         for theaccounting
                                                                                                                                       year then ended,    policiesand notes to the
              financial position
              consolidated
              statements,                    of Solution
                                      financial
                                    including         astatements,
                                                          summary   Dynamics          Limited
                                                                              including
                                                                             of  significant       and
                                                                                               a summary   the entities
                                                                                                    accounting                   it controlled
                                                                                                                    of significant
                                                                                                                         policies            accountingas at policies
                                                                                                                                                                30 June 2018 and its financial
            consolidated
         In our   opinion, the      financial       statements,
                                          accompanying                      including        a  summary           of  significant         accounting         inpolicies
              performance             and     cash flows forconsolidated  the year then       financial
                                                                                                 ended statements
                                                                                                              in accordance         present
                                                                                                                                         with New  fairly,Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                all material
                                                                                                                                                                          Equivalentsrespects,   to the
              In
              In our     opinion,
                 ourposition
                         opinion,ofthe   the accompanying
                                                accompanying consolidated    consolidatedfinancial   financialstatements
                                                                                                                     statementspresent      presentfairly,fairly,ininallallmaterial
                                                                                                                                                                              materialrespects,
                                                                                                                                                                                             respects,the      the
         financial
            Infinancial
                our    opinion,
              International            the Solution
                                     Financialaccompanying   Dynamics
                                                        Reporting               Limited
                                                                           consolidated
                                                                            Standards         and    the
                                                                                                  financial
                                                                                               (NZ(theIFRS) entities      it
                                                                                                                  statements
                                                                                                                  issued by   controlled
                                                                                                                                     thepresent
                                                                                                                                            New  as   at   30
                                                                                                                                                       fairly,
                                                                                                                                                     Zealand    June
                                                                                                                                                                 in  all  2018
                                                                                                                                                                          material
                                                                                                                                                                    Accounting     and      its   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                          respects,
                                                                                                                                                                                          Standards          the
              financial       position
                               position       of Solution
                                             of   Solution          Dynamics
                                                                    Dynamics           Limited
                                                                                      Limited      and      Company)
                                                                                                           the    entities             at 30
                                                                                                                                 ascontrolled
                                                                                                                                 it              June  as  2019
                                                                                                                                                            at  30  and
                                                                                                                                                                      June  its2018
                                                                                                                                                                                 financialand      performance
                                                                                                                                                                                                    its  financial
         performance
            financial
              Board.            and cash
                             position            flows forDynamics
                                           of Solution              the year then   Limited ended andinthe  accordance
                                                                                                                 entities           with New Zealand
                                                                                                                               it controlled          as at 30 Equivalents
                                                                                                                                                                    June      2018 and    to its financial
              and    cash
              performance       flows and for   the year
                                              cash      flowsthen   for    ended
                                                                          the   yearin(NZ   accordance
                                                                                         then    endedissued  in with     New
                                                                                                                  accordance         Zealand
                                                                                                                                         withZealand
                                                                                                                                                  NewEquivalents
                                                                                                                                                           Zealand       to   International
                                                                                                                                                                          Equivalents            to Financial
         International
            performance         Financial
                                    and     cashReporting
                                                      flows       for Standards
                                                                        the    year    then     IFRS)
                                                                                                ended
              Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board.           in          by
                                                                                                                 accordance   the     New
                                                                                                                                        with    New            Accounting
                                                                                                                                                         Zealand        EquivalentsStandards   to
              International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards
         Board.
              Basis forFinancial
            International
              Board.                  Opinion        Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards
            Board.
         BasisBasis    for
                         for Opinion
              We conducted       Opinion our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ))
              Basis
              We   conducted
              issued
            Basis          by forthe
                            forour    Opinion
                                         our audit
                                       New
                                     Opinion    Zealand     in accordance
                                                                  Audit and Assurance  with International
                                                                                                       Standards       Standards
                                                                                                                           Board. Our       on Auditing         (New Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                  responsibilities          under those     (ISAstandards
                                                                                                                                                                                                        (NZ))
         Weissued
               conducted
              are   furtherby the      Newaudit
                                  described     Zealand
                                                    in accordance
                                                   in             Auditingwith
                                                          the Auditor’s           and     Assurance Standards
                                                                                        International
                                                                                   Responsibilities            Standards
                                                                                                               for   the Audit    Board.    theOur
                                                                                                                                    onofAuditing       responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                         (New Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                   consolidated          Financialunder
                                                                                                                                                                                    (ISAs      those
                                                                                                                                                                                                (NZ))
                                                                                                                                                                                           Statements
              We by conducted
              standards
         issued           the     New    our
                                        further
                                  are our       audit
                                          Zealand          in accordance
                                                    described             in the      with International
                                                                                     Auditor’s       ResponsibilitiesStandards      foron on
                                                                                                                                         the    Auditing
                                                                                                                                                 Audit         (New
                                                                                                                                                           of(New        Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                               the Consolidated            (ISAs       (NZ))
                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial
            We    conducted
              section       of our      report.auditWe   inAudit
                                                             are      and
                                                               accordance     Assurance
                                                                     independent    with     International
                                                                                            of   Standards
                                                                                                the   Group in       Board.
                                                                                                                    Standards
                                                                                                                       accordance  Our     responsibilities
                                                                                                                                               Auditing
                                                                                                                                               with   Professional    under
                                                                                                                                                                       Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                                              andthose       standards
                                                                                                                                                                                         (ISAs
                                                                                                                                                                                     Ethical          (NZ))
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Standard      1
              issued
              Statements   by
               furtherbydescribed
         areissued               the   New
                                    section     Zealand
                                                  of    our       Audit
                                                               report.      and
                                                                             We     Assurance
                                                                                   are    independent  Standards of   the  Board.
                                                                                                                             Group       Our
                                                                                                                                          in     responsibilities
                                                                                                                                               accordance           with    under       those
                                                                                                                                                                             Professional            standards
                                                                                                                                                                                                      and     Ethical
              (Revised)        the
                                 CodeNew   ofin   the Auditor’s
                                               Zealand
                                                Ethics          Audit
                                                              for           Responsibilities
                                                                           and
                                                                    Assurance      Assurance
                                                                                        Practitioners    for the
                                                                                                      StandardsissuedAudit  byof
                                                                                                                         Board.   thethe
                                                                                                                                       Our
                                                                                                                                         New consolidated
                                                                                                                                                responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                   Zealand Auditing Financial
                                                                                                                                                                          under and Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                      those
                                                                                                                                                                                         Assurancestandards
              are further
              Standard
         section                  described
                                   (Revised) in
                     of our1described
                                  report.           Code  the of Auditor’s
                                                                      Ethics for   Responsibilities
                                                                                        Assurance              for the Auditissued
                                                                                                            Practitioners              of theProfessional
                                                                                                                                                   consolidated
                                                                                                                                                  by   the New Zealand   Financial         Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                      Auditing           and 1
            are   further
              Standards           Board, We    andinare theindependent
                                                        we      Auditor’s
                                                               have      fulfilled   of
                                                                                      our the
                                                                                Responsibilities Group
                                                                                              other         in
                                                                                                             foraccordance
                                                                                                       ethical     the   Audit ofwith
                                                                                                                    responsibilities     the consolidated
                                                                                                                                                 in accordance         and     Ethical
                                                                                                                                                                       Financial
                                                                                                                                                                          with    these      Standard
                                                                                                                                                                                         Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                               requirements.
              Assurance
              section       of     Standards
                                 our    report.     WeBoard, are     and we haveof
                                                                     independent             fulfilled
                                                                                                the       our other
                                                                                                      Group        in       ethical responsibilities
                                                                                                                       accordance              with   Professional   in accordance
                                                                                                                                                                              and    Ethical     with     these 1
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Standard
         (Revised)
            section
              We believe  Code
                          of         of
                               ourthat    Ethics
                                      report.
                                           the    We
                                                 audit forare Assurance
                                                                   independent
                                                              evidence         we Practitioners
                                                                                     have of the         issued
                                                                                                     Group
                                                                                               obtained               by the New
                                                                                                               isinsufficient
                                                                                                                      accordance     andisZealand
                                                                                                                                              with         Auditing
                                                                                                                                                     Professional
                                                                                                                                              appropriate                  and Assurance
                                                                                                                                                                           and
                                                                                                                                                                  to provide       Ethical
                                                                                                                                                                                     a basis      Standard
                                                                                                                                                                                                     for our a1
              requirements.
              (Revised)          CodeandWe     believe
                                           of Ethics          that     the
                                                              forfulfilled
                                                                    Assuranceaudit     evidence
                                                                                       Practitioners    we     have     obtained
                                                                                                               issued by the New               sufficient      and
                                                                                                                                                   Zealand Auditing    appropriate            to
                                                                                                                                                                                andrequirements.
                                                                                                                                                                                         Assurance provide
         Standards
            (Revised)
              opinion.      Board,
                               Code             we have
                                          of Ethics        for Assurance        ourPractitioners
                                                                                       other                  responsibilities
                                                                                                 ethical issued           by the New       in accordance
                                                                                                                                                 Zealand Auditing   with these and Assurance
              basis
              Standards for our       opinion.
                                  Board,       and      we     have      fulfilled    our     other    ethical      responsibilities             in  accordance           with    these        requirements.
         WeStandards
               believe that          the audit
                                Board,       and we   evidence           we have
                                                             have fulfilled          ourobtained
                                                                                            other ethicalis sufficient        and appropriate
                                                                                                                  responsibilities             in accordanceto provide   withathese
                                                                                                                                                                                  basis requirements.
                                                                                                                                                                                             for     our
              We
              Our
         opinion.   believe
                     firm          that
                              carries      the
                                           out   audit
                                                  other       evidence
                                                              assignments      we    have
                                                                                      for      obtained
                                                                                            Solution           is
                                                                                                           Dynamics sufficient       and
                                                                                                                               Limited        appropriate
                                                                                                                                               and    the         to
                                                                                                                                                            entities  provide
                                                                                                                                                                          it         a
                                                                                                                                                                              controlled basis    in for
                                                                                                                                                                                                       theourarea of
            We    believe
              Our firm advice     that
                              carries andthe    audit
                                           out other       evidence
                                                              assignments    we    have       obtained
                                                                                      for Solution           is   sufficient        and                         to   provide       a
                                                                                                                                              and the entities it controlled in theour
                                                                                                                                            appropriate                                basis       for
              opinion.
              taxation                            services.           The firm has           no otherDynamics
                                                                                                            interest inLimited  the Group.                                                                  area of
            opinion.
              taxation returns and advice. The firm has no other interests in the Group.
         Our firm carries out other assignments for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled in the area of
              Our firm
         taxation      returnscarriesand   out   otherThe
                                             advice.          assignments
                                                                     firm has for   noforother
                                                                                            Solution       Dynamics
                                                                                                   interests        in the    Limited
                                                                                                                                Group.and     and the entities it controlled in the area of
              Key
            Our
              Key  firm
              taxation   Audit
                      Audit carries      Matters
                                   Matters
                              returns
                                          out
                                           and
                                                other assignments
                                                   advice.         The     firm    has
                                                                                          Solution
                                                                                          no    other
                                                                                                         Dynamics
                                                                                                          interests       in
                                                                                                                            Limited
                                                                                                                               the    Group.
                                                                                                                                                    the entities it controlled in the area of
            taxation
              Key audit     returns
                                matters   andare advice.
                                                      thoseThe           firm has
                                                                   matters       that,no   in other     interests in judgement,
                                                                                               our professional              the Group. were of most significance in our audit
         Key  Key
              of  Audit
                 the  audit        Matters
                                matters
                         consolidated          are    those matters
                                                 financial          statements   that,of  in the
                                                                                              ourcurrent
                                                                                                     professional period.   judgement,
                                                                                                                                These matters      were wereof most      significance
                                                                                                                                                                    addressed            in the       our auditofof
                                                                                                                                                                                                 in context
              Key
              our
              the
            Key     auditAudit
                    consolidated
                        Audit   of theMatters
                                           consolidated
                                             financial
                                       Matters                       financialof
                                                               statements            statements
                                                                                       the     current         a whole,
                                                                                                          asperiod.      These          in forming
                                                                                                                                andmatters            were ouraddressed
                                                                                                                                                                  opinion thereon,in   the       and weofdour
                                                                                                                                                                                               context
         Keynot audit
              audit     ofmatters
                    provide              are thoseopinion
                                    a separate
                             the consolidated               matters
                                                             financial  onthat,
                                                                              these in our
                                                                             statements        professional
                                                                                        matters. as a whole,judgement, and in forming       were   ourof opinion
                                                                                                                                                          most significance
                                                                                                                                                                       thereon, and       in our       do notof
                                                                                                                                                                                                we audit
              Key
         theKey       audit matters
               consolidated                    are those
                                       financial        statementsmatters        that,
                                                                             ofthat,
                                                                                  the in  in our professional
                                                                                        current       period. These         judgement,
                                                                                                                                matters were       were of most significance                     in our      audit of
                   auditamatters
              provide           separate     are   those
                                                 opinion         matters
                                                                 on these        matters.    our professional             judgement,             were addressed              in the context
                                                                                                                                                          of most significance                 in our   of audit
                                                                                                                                                                                                            our   of
         auditthe   consolidated             financial         statements          of  the     current      period.      These         matters        were     addressed          in   the     context
                                                                                                                                                                                                do notofofour   our
            theof     the consolidated
                  consolidated             financial financial
                                                             statementsstatementsof theas        a whole,
                                                                                             current      period.and These
                                                                                                                        in forming   matters  our opinion        thereon, in
                                                                                                                                                    were addressed              and  thewe   context
              auditaofseparate
         provide             the consolidated
                                           opinion on        financial       statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
                                                                these statements
                                                                            matters.
            audit of       the consolidated               financial                             as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
              provide a separate opinion on these matters.
            provide a separate opinion on these matters.




               Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
               Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd

         Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
         Member  of GrantAccountants
               Chartered  Thornton International Ltd Advisers
                                      and Business
            Chartered  Accountants
               Member of            and Business
                          Grant Thornton           Advisers
                                         International Ltd
            Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd
| 14 |
                                                             OUR PROCEDURES TO ADDRESS
  KEY AUDIT MATTER                                           THE KEY AUDIT MATTER

  Carrying Value of Goodwill                                 In this area our audit procedures included assessment
                                                             of the Group’s forecast and budgeting procedures as a
  The Group has significant goodwill of $1,061,000 arising
                                                             basis for value in use calculations. We also compared
  from historical acquisitions of businesses. Goodwill is
                                                             the Group’s historical budget to actual performance and
  allocated across its software cash generating units. Any
                                                             its future projections compared to prior year actual and
  risk of downturn in the macroeconomic environment
                                                             testing reasonableness of forecasting assumptions. In
  could result in an indicator of impairment in goodwill.
                                                             addition, we performed our own assessments in relation
  The inherent uncertainty involved in forecasting
                                                             to key inputs such as projected revenue growth, cost
  and discounting future cash flows is one of the key
                                                             and overhead inflation and discount rates. We used our
  judgement areas that our audit is concentrated on. The
                                                             own valuation specialist to evaluate the assumptions
  uncertainty is affected by a number of factors including
                                                             and methodologies used by the Group to derive a
  general market trends, the number of new customers
                                                             discount rate when there have been changes to inputs,
  for the technology solutions and expectation of future
                                                             methodology or assumptions. We also assessed whether
  growth in demand for the software solutions, which form
                                                             the Group’s disclosures about the sensitivity in key
  the basis for the assessment of recoverability.
                                                             assumptions fairly reflected the risks inherent in the
                                                             valuation of goodwill.


  Accuracy of revenue                                        In this area our audit procedures included evaluating
                                                             the Group’s recognition of revenue by assessing the
  The Group recognises revenue of $24.9 million
                                                             procedures and controls that the Group has in place
  (2018: $22.4 million) for the year ended 30 June
                                                             and that appropriate revenue recognition policies
  2019 comprising sale of goods and rendering of
                                                             have been applied which included as assessment of
  services under contract. The principal risk associated
                                                             the implementation of NZ IFRS 15. In relation to sales
  with commercial income relates to recognition and
                                                             cut-off, we performed detailed substantive testing on
  recoverability including the first-time adoption of NZ
                                                             sales recognised or adjusted either side of year end to
  IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’ this
                                                             substantiate that the appropriate terms of the relevant
  reporting period. There are a number of factors that
                                                             contracts had been satisfied in line with contract
  could affect this balance including:
                                                             performance obligations.
  •    Delivery may not have occurred before year end
       which would allow the goods to be recorded as a       Our audit work included assessing performance
       sale in line with the revenue recognition policy.     obligations of any significant projects or contracts
                                                             including the delivery of the goods to ensure appropriate
  •    Revenues recognised from contract sales of            revenue recognition.
       products and services may be at a point in time or
       over time with reference to the various performance   For contracts recognised at a point in time we inspected
       obligations with customers. Revenue may include       a sample of delivery notes, invoices raised and cash
       estimates and judgements that impact the amount       receipts.
       of revenue recognised.                                For contracts recognised over time we reperformed the
                                                             calculation of any material revenue to be recognised
                                                             at year end and agreed the assumptions used in
                                                             determining the various performance obligations to
                                                             supporting documentation.



Other Information
The directors are responsible for all other information included in the Group’s Annual Report. The other
information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                                         | 15 |
                                                                                                                                                                                    Grant Thornton New Zealand
             Independent Auditor’s Report
            Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                               Grant Thornton New Zealand
                                                                                                               Audit Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                    Audit Partnership

                                                                                                                                                                                    L4, Grant Thornton House
             Directors’ responsibilities for the Consolidated152    Financial             Statements
                                                                                                               L4, Grant Thornton House
                                                                      Fanshawe Street
                                                                  PO Box 1961                                             152 Fanshawe Street
             The Directors are responsible on behalf of the GroupAuckland
                                                                    for 1140the preparation and fair presentation of thePO Box 1961
                                                                  T +64 9 308 2570                                        Auckland 1140
             consolidated financial statements in accordance withFwww.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                      New
                                                                    +64          Zealand equivalents to International Financial
                                                                        9 309 4892


             Reporting Standards issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board, and for such internalT +64           control
                                                                                                                                9 308 2570
             as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements       F +64that are
                                                                                                                                9 309 4892
            To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited                                                              www.grantthornton.co.nz
             free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
            Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
         AnInaudit
                 preparing
                        also includes    the consolidated                      financial statements,
                                                  evaluating the appropriateness                          of accounting      thepolicies
                                                                                                                                      Directorsusedare
                                                                                                                                                     andresponsible
                                                                                                                                                           the           on behalf of the Group for
           Opinion
             assessing the
         reasonableness                      Group’s estimates,
                                    of accounting              ability toascontinue   well as valuatingas a going             concern,
                                                                                                                       the overall              disclosing,
                                                                                                                                         presentation    of theas applicable, matters related to going
             To        the         Shareholders                                 of Solution                   ofandDynamics                     Limited
           We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (the Group) on pages xx to
           yyconcern
         consolidated
              which comprise    and
                                financial
                                 the       using
                                     consolidated       the going
                                                 statements.
                                                      statement   of financialconcern
                                                                               position as at 30basis
                                                                                                  June 2018        accounting
                                                                                                                     the consolidated      unless   the directors either intend to liquidate the
             Group
           statement        or ortoloss,cease
                       of profit           consolidatedoperations,              or have
                                                          statement of comprehensive             noconsolidated
                                                                                           income,       realistic
           changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
                                                                                                                           alternative
                                                                                                                     statement   of            but to do so.
         Our    firm carries
           consolidated                out other
                          financial statements,          assignments
                                                    including                   for Solution
                                                               a summary of significant     accountingDynamics
                                                                                                         policies          Limited and the entities it
           InReport                 on
              our opinion, the accompanying    the        Audit
                                                   consolidated   financial of     the
                                                                             statements        Consolidated
                                                                                          present  fairly, in all material respects, the Financial Statements
         controlled        in     he    area    of    taxation       advice.      The      firm    has       o other interest in Solution
           financial position of Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled as at 30 June 2018 and its financial
             Auditor’s
         Dynamics
           performance         cashresponsibilities
                           Limited
                          and         flowsand     the
                                             for the  yearentities          for thewithAudit
                                                           then endeditin controlled.
                                                                            accordance         New Zealand   ofEquivalents
                                                                                                                   the Consolidated
                                                                                                                             to                        Financial Statements
             Our      objectives               are     to   obtain          reasonable              assurance               about       whether       the   consolidated financial statements as
             Opinion
           International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards
           Board.

         We  a  whole
               believe       that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide and to issue an auditor’s report
                               are      free      from       material           misstatement,                    whether          due      to fraud    or  error,
           Basis     for Opinion
             that
             We
         a basis      includes
                      have
                     for   our     auditour
                                  audited          opinion.
                                                    the consolidated
                                              opinion.                 Reasonable       financialassurance   statements  is a high         level of assurance,
                                                                                                                                     of Solution      Dynamics Limitedbut is not
                                                                                                                                                                              (thea Group)
                                                                                                                                                                                    guarantee   that xx to
                                                                                                                                                                                            on pages
           We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ))
             an    audit
             yy which
           issued               conducted
                                 Zealand Audit andthe
                   by the New comprise                   in   accordance
                                                               consolidated
                                                        Assurance                       with
                                                                     Standards Board. Our          ISAs
                                                                                            statement           (NZ)
                                                                                                                   of financial
                                                                                              responsibilities under     will     always      detect     a  material   misstatement
                                                                                                                        those standards position as at 30 June 2018 and the consolidatedwhen it exists.
             Misstatements                     can       arise      from       fraud        or   error        and      are
           are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated Financial Statements
             statement
         Opinion
           section                  of are
                    of our report. We      profit      or loss,
                                              independent               consolidated
                                                             of the Group                           statement
                                                                            in accordance with Professional       and Ethical
                                                                                                                              considered
                                                                                                                           of Standard
                                                                                                                                comprehensive
                                                                                                                                         1
                                                                                                                                                   material    if, individually  or in the
                                                                                                                                                          income, consolidated statement ofaggregate,
             they
         In(Revised)   could
                       Code
             our opinion,            reasonably
                              of Ethics                        be expected
                                         for Assurance Practitioners      issued by the Newtofinancial
                                                                                                influence
                                                                                               Zealand    Auditing andthe     economic
                                                                                                                         Assurance               decisions     of users taken on the basis of these
             changes
           Standards   Board, andintheequity
                                     we
                                            accompanying
                                                      and
                                          have fulfilled our other
                                                                        consolidated
                                                               consolidated                statement
                                                                     ethical responsibilities in accordance with statements
                                                                                                                   ofthese
                                                                                                                        cash         on pages
                                                                                                                                    flows
                                                                                                                            requirements.    for 15
                                                                                                                                                  the   45 then
                                                                                                                                                    toyear           ended, and notes to the
             consolidated
         present
           We  believefairly,
                        that theinaudit    financial
                                       allevidence
                                            material we have  statements.
                                                            respects,        the financial
                                                               obtained is sufficient              position
                                                                                      and appropriate               ofa basis
                                                                                                           to provide    Solution
                                                                                                                               for our Dynamics Limited
              consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies
            opinion.
         andAthe     entities
                 further          it controlledof
                              description             as the
                                                          at 30auditor’s
                                                                    June 2016responsibilities
                                                                                     and their financialfor        performance
                                                                                                                        the auditand  cashconsolidated financial statements is
                                                                                                                                   of the
             In our
             located
           taxation
                         opinion,
                    returns and  advice.
                                          the
                                         The
                                                 accompanying
           Our firm carries out other assignments for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled in the area of
         flows    for   the onyear thethen    ended
                                          External          accordance
                                                        inReporting
                                             firm has no other
                                                                               consolidated    Zealand
                                                                                 with Newwebsite
                                                                                Board’s
                                                               interests in the Group.
                                                                                                      financial
                                                                                                              Equivalentsstatements   present fairly, in all material respects, the
                                                                                                                              to International
                                                                                                              at https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-
             financial
         Financial            position
                        Reporting              of Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled as at 30 June 2018 and its financial
                                         Standards.
             responsibilities/audit-report-1/
            Key Audit Matters
            performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to
          Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
            International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards
          the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
          audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
            Restriction
         Restriction
            Board.          on use of our report
                              on use
          provide a separate opinion         ofmatters.
                                       on these   our report
         This report
            This     is made
                  report      solely to
                          is made       the Company’s
                                     solely               shareholders,
                                              to the Company’s          as a body. Ouras
                                                                      shareholders,     audit work has
                                                                                           a body.   Our audit work has been undertaken so
         been  undertaken
            that we might  so state
                              that wetomight  state to the Company’s
                                         the Company’s                  shareholders,
                                                              shareholders,           as a body
                                                                                as a body        those
                                                                                             those  matters which we are required to state to
            Basis
         matters
            them which for
                   in anwe   Opinion
                            are required
                          auditor’s       to state
                                      report   andtofor
                                                      them     an auditor’s
                                                         noinother  purpose.        thefor
                                                                                 Toand
                                                                            report         no other
                                                                                         fullest  extent permitted by law, we do not accept
         purpose.
            or     To theresponsibility
               assume     fullest extent permitted
                                            to       by law,
                                                anyone       we do
                                                           other    not the
                                                                 than    accept or assumeand
                                                                             Company       responsibility
                                                                                               its shareholders,  as aZealand)
                                                                                                                       body, for(ISAs
                                                                                                                                  our audit
            We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on                       Auditing (New                   (NZ))work,
         to anyone
            for thisother thanorthe
                     report      forCompany     and the
                                      the opinion    weCompany’s
            Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers              shareholders, as a body, for our
                                                           have formed.
            issued by the New Zealand Audit and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards
            Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd

         audit work, for this report or for the opinion we have formed.
            are further
            Grant         described
                    Thornton      NewinZealand
                                           the Auditor’s
                                                     AuditResponsibilities
                                                             Partnership for the Audit of the consolidated Financial Statements
            section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
            (Revised) Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance
            Standards Board, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
            We
            K  T believe
                 Price that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
         Grant  Thornton
            opinion.
            Partner         New Zealand Audit Partnership
         Auckland,
            Auckland,NewNewZealand
                                 Zealand
         19 September 2016
            OurAugust
            29   firm carries
                          2019out other assignments for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled in the area of
            taxation returns and advice. The firm has no other interests in the Group.

              Key Audit Matters
              Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
              the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
              audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
              provide a separate opinion on these matters.




         Chartered Accountants
              Chartered
         Member             Accountants
                 of Grant Thornton Internationaland
                                                 Ltd Business Advisers
              Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd




| 16 |
Solution Dynamics Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
for the year ended 30 June 2019




                                                                                                  2012
                                                                                                   2019     2018
                                                                                      NOTE        $000
                                                                                                   $000     $000


Revenue                                                                                       4    24,879   22,383
Other revenue                                                                                 4      276      349
Total revenue		                                                                                    25,155   22,732
Expenses                                                                                      5    23,782   20,459
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation & amortisation (EBITDA)		                               1,373    2,273


Depreciation                                                                             17          238      208
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                        18          347      161
Net interest income                                                                           7       (4)      (5)
Profit before income tax		                                                                           792     1,909


Income tax                                                                                    8      122      577
Net profit after income tax		                                                                        670     1,332


		 Cents                                                                                                    Cents
Basic earnings per share                                                                      9       4.6      9.3
Diluted earnings per share                                                                    9       4.5      9.1




Solution Dynamics Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the year ended 30 June 2019


                                                                                                  2012
                                                                                                   2019     2018
                                                                                                  $000
                                                                                                   $000     $000

Net profit after income tax		                                                                        670     1,332

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:			
Exchange gain on translation of foreign operations		                                                  (7)      (9)
Other comprehensive (loss) / income net of tax		                                                      (7)      (9)

Total comprehensive income for the year		                                                            663     1,323




The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 44 form part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                     | 17 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
         as at 30 June 2019




                                                                                                           2012
                                                                                                            2019      2018
                                                                                               NOTE        $000
                                                                                                            $000      $000


         Current Assets			
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                10         1,182     1,956
         Trade & other receivables                                                                13         3,300     2,902
         Inventories and work in progress                                                         11           359       183
         Prepayments		 128                                                                                               131
         Total Current Assets		                                                                              4,969     5,172

         Current Liabilities			
         Trade creditors		                                                                                   1,706     1,871
         Other current liabilities                                                                14           635       838
         Other non-financial liabilities                                                          15           898       851
         Employee benefit liabilities                                                             16           484       472
         Deferred tax liability                                                                        8         8        24
         Total Current Liabilities		                                                                         3,731     4,056

         Working Capital		                                                                                   1,238     1,116

         Non-Current Assets			
         Capital works in progress		                                                                           146        61
         Property, plant & equipment                                                              17           629       594
         Intangible assets                                                                        18           860     1,179
         Goodwill                                                                                 19         1,061     1,061
         Total Non-Current Assets		                                                                          2,696     2,895

         Net Assets		                                                                                        3,934     4,011

         Equity			
         Share capital                                                                            20         5,413     5,357
         Employee share option plan                                                               31             7        28
         Foreign currency translation reserve		                                                                (15)       (8)
         Accumulated losses                                                                       21        (1,471)   (1,366)
         Total Equity		                                                                                      3,934     4,011

         For and on behalf of the Board who approved these financial statements for issue on 29 August 2019.




         John McMahon – Director (Chairman)		Nelson Siva – Director (CEO)




         The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 44 form part of the consolidated financial statements.




| 18 |
Solution Dynamics Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
for the year ended 30 June 2019




                                                                                      CURRENCY
                                                             SHARE      EMPLOYEE    TRANSLATION     ACCUMULATED      TOTAL
                                                            CAPITAL    SHARE PLAN      RESERVE           LOSSES     EQUITY

                                                           $000          $000          $000             $000      $000


Balance 30 June 2017		                                      5,169           113                1       (1,764)     3,519

Exercise of employee share options		                          188          (108)                -         108        188
Issue of shares to employees		                                   -            23                -            -        23
Transactions with owners		                                    188           (85)               -          108        211
Profit for the year after tax		                                  -              -               -       1,332      1,332
Dividend paid		                                                  -              -               -      (1,042)    (1,039)
Other comprehensive (loss)		                                     -              -             (9)            -        (9)
Total comprehensive income		                                     -              -             (9)         290        281

Balance 30 June 2019		                                      5,357             28              (8)      (1,366)     4,011


Exercise of employee share options		                            56           (29)              -            29        56
Issue of shares to employees		                                   -             8               -             -          8
Transactions with owners		                                      56          (21)               -            29        64

Profit for the year after tax		                                  -              -              -          670        670
Dividend paid		 -                                                               -              -         (804)     (804)
Other comprehensive (loss)		                                     -              -             (7)            -        (7)
Total comprehensive income		                                     -              -             (7)        (134)     (141)

Balance 30 June 2019		                                      5,413              7          (15)         (1,471)     3,934




The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 44 form part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                             | 19 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
         for the year ended 30 June 2019




                                                                                                       2012
                                                                                                        2019     2018
                                                                                               NOTE    $000
                                                                                                        $000     $000


         Cash Flow From Operating Activities			
         Cash was provided from:			
         Receipts from customers		                                                                      28,280   25,041
         Other revenue		                                                                                  265      293
         		 28,545                                                                                               25,334
         Cash was applied to:			
         Payments to suppliers		                                                                        19,185   15,830
         Payments to employees		                                                                         7,759    6,621
         GST paid to Inland Revenue		                                                                    1,245    1,261
         		 28,189                                                                                               23,712

         Net Cash Inflow From Operating Activities                                                23      356     1,622

         Cash Flow From Investing Activities			
         Cash was applied to:			
         Purchase of property, plant and equipment & capital works in progress		                          358      120
         Purchase of software & intangible assets		                                                        28       68
         Payments for businesses acquired                                                         33         -     712
         		 386                                                                                                    900

         Net Cash Outflow From Investing Activities		                                                    (386)    (900)

         Cash Flow from Financing Activities			
         Cash was provided from:			
         Exercise of employee share options		                                                              56      188
         Interest received		                                                                                4        5
         		                                                                                                60      193
         Cash was applied to:			
         Payment of dividends		                                                                           804     1,039
         		                                                                                               804     1,039

         Net Cash (Outflow) From Financing Activities		                                                  (744)    (846)
         Net change in cash and cash equivalents		                                                       (774)    (124)
         Add cash and cash equivalents held at beginning of year		                                       1,956    2,080
         Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                 10     1,182    1,956




         The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 45 form part of the consolidated financial statements.




| 20 |
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
        for the year ended 30 June 2019

1.	     CORPORATE INFORMATION
        The consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (SDL or Company) and its subsidiaries,
        Solution Dynamics International Limited, Solution Dynamics Incorporated and Déjar International Limited
        (collectively the Group) for the year ended 30 June 2019 were authorised for issue in accordance with a
        resolution of directors on 29 August 2019.
        Solution Dynamics Limited is a public company incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand and is listed
        with the New Zealand Stock Exchange on the NZX and is an FMC reporting entity under the Financial
        Markets Conduct Act 2013. The registered office is located at 18 Canaveral Drive, Albany in Auckland.
        The Group offers a range of integrated solutions encompassing data management, electronic digital printing,
        document distribution, web presentment and archiving, fulfilment, traditional print services, scanning, data
        entry and document management.


2.	     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1     Statement of Compliance
        The consolidated financial statements of the Group comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International
        Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS).
2.2     Basis of Preparation
2.2.1   Basis of Preparation
        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis but modified, where
        applicable, by the measurement of fair value of selected financial assets and financial liabilities. Accounting
        policies are selected and applied in a manner which ensures that the resulting financial information satisfies
        the concepts of relevance and reliability, thereby ensuring that the substance of the underlying transactions
        or other events is reported. The principal accounting policies are set out below.
2.2.2   Basis of Consolidation
        The financial statements have been prepared in compliance with generally accepted accounting practice
        in New Zealand (NZ GAAP), the requirements set out in Part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013,
        the Main Board Listing Rules of the NZX, the Companies Act 1993, and other authoritative pronouncements
        issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board (NZ ASB). For the purposes of complying with NZ
        GAAP the Group is a for-profit entity that has followed the Tier 1 for – profit reporting requirements set out by
        the External Reporting Board, in its “Accounting Standards Framework.”
        All subsidiaries have a 30 June reporting date and consistent accounting policies are applied.
        The acquisition method is used to prepare the consolidated financial statements, which involves adding
        together like items of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a line-by-line basis. All transactions and
        balances between Group companies are eliminated on consolidation, including unrealised gains and losses
        on transactions between Group companies.
        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Group operates as
        a going concern.
2.2.3   Rounding of Amounts
        Amounts in the consolidated financial statements have been rounded off to the nearest $000 unless
        otherwise specified.
2.2.4   Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures
        Except as described below, the accounting policies and disclosures are consistent with those of the previous
        year.
        The Group adopted the standards detailed below from 1 July 2018. This has not given rise to any
        requirement to restate comparative information.
2.2.5   NZ Equivalent to International Financial Reporting Standard 15: Revenue from
        Contracts with Customers
        NZ IFRS 15: Revenue from Contracts with customers replaces NZ IAS 18: Revenue and related
        interpretations and applies to all revenue arising from contracts with customers. The new standard
        establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts with customers.




                                                                                                                            | 21 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019


                  Under NZ IFRS 15 revenue is apportioned to individual performance obligations within customer contracts
                  based on their relative stand-alone selling price. Based on certain criteria, revenue is then recognised either
                  over time, or at a point in time consistent with when those performance obligations are satisfied. For SDL
                  this is generally over time. The new standard has been applied using the full retrospective method without
                  restatement.
         2.2.6    NZ Equivalent to International Financial Reporting Standard 9: Financial Instruments.
                  NZ IFRS 9; Financial Instruments replaces NZ IAS 39: Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement.
                  It makes major changes to the previous guidance on the classification and measurement of financial assets
                  and introduces an ‘expected credit loss’ model for the impairment of financial assets. The Group applied
                  a simplified model of recognising lifetime expected credit losses as their trade receivables do not have a
                  significant financing component. Management have completed an impact assessment and have determined
                  that there was no financial impact on transition to the new accounting standard. The new standard has been
                  applied using the full retrospective method without restatement.


         SPECIFIC ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         The following specific accounting policies, which significantly affect the measurement of financial performance,
         financial position and cash flows, have been applied.
         2.3      Foreign Currency
         2.3.1    Functional and Presentation Currency
                  Items included in the consolidated financial statements are measured using the currency of the primary
                  economic environment in which the entity operates (the ‘functional currency’). The consolidated financial
                  statements are presented in New Zealand dollars, which is the Group’s functional and presentational currency
                  and expressed in $000’s.
         2.3.2    Transaction and Balances
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at
                  the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting
                  date are retranslated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. Foreign exchange gains and
                  losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of period end exchange
                  rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the Consolidated
                  Statement of Profit or Loss.
         2.4      Revenue Recognition
                  Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is reduced for
                  estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances.
         2.4.1    Sale of Goods and Services
                  To determine whether to recognise revenue at a point in time or over time, an assessment has been
                  undertaken using the 5-step process set out in NZ IFRS 15:
                  1.	       Identifying the contract with a customer
                  2.	       Identifying the performance obligations
                  3.	       Determining the transaction price
                  4.	       Allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations
                  5.	       Recognising revenue when and as its performance obligation(s) are satisfied.
                  The Group often enters into transactions involving a range of the Group’s products and services, for example
                  the delivery of mailing services involves a blend of physical material (paper stock and envelopes) along with
                  the provision of data and other services to process and deliver the finished job for lodgement to NZ Post.
                  In all cases, the total transaction price for a contract is allocated amongst the various stages of the project
                  based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. The transaction price for a contract excludes any amounts
                  collected on behalf of third parties. However, these constitute one performance obligation due to them being
                  highly integrated and non-distinct.
                  Revenue is recognised either at a point in time or over time, when (or as) the Group satisfies performance
                  obligations by transferring the promised goods or services to its customers.
                  To depict the progress by which SDL transfers control of the products and services to the customer, and to
                  establish when and to what extent revenue can be recognised, SDL measures its progress towards complete
                  satisfaction of the performance obligation by measuring outputs completed to date. This basis provides the



| 22 |
        most faithful depiction of the transfer of goods and services to each customer due to SDL’s ability to accurately
        measure the units produced and delivered to the customer.
        Items where revenue is recognised as arising at the time of delivery include the sale of goods, usually envelopes
        and paper, and the sale of right to use licences. In both cases title and the risks and rewards of ownership
        have been transferred to the customer. No revenue is recognised if there are significant uncertainties regarding
        recovery of the consideration due, associated costs or the possible return of goods, or where there is continuing
        management involvement with the goods when the performance obligation has been satisfied. No revenue is
        recognised if there are significant uncertainties regarding recovery of the consideration due, associated costs
        or the possible return of goods, or where there is continuing management involvement with the goods when the
        performance obligation has been satisfied.
2.4.2   Interest Revenue
        Interest revenue is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest
        rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life
        of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount.
2.4.3   Government Grants
        Government grants are recognised as revenue when the conditions attached to the grant have been met. Where
        there are unfilled conditions attaching to the grant, the amount relating to the unfilled condition is recognised as
        a liability and released to revenue as the conditions are met.
2.5     Leases
        Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and
        rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
2.5.1   The Group as Lessee
        Assets held under finance leases are initially recognised as assets of the Group at their fair value at the inception
        of the lease or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding liability to the
        lessor is included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as a finance lease obligation.
        Lease payments are apportioned between finance charges and reduction of the lease obligation so as to achieve
        a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance charges are charged directly to the
        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
        Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, except
        where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the
        leased asset are consumed.
        In the event that lease incentives are received to enter into operating leases, such incentives are recognised as
        a liability. The aggregate benefit of incentives is recognised as a reduction of rental expense on a straight-line
        basis, except where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic
        benefits from the leased asset are consumed.
2.6     Employment Benefits
        The Group recognises liabilities for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual
        leave, long service leave and sick leave when it is probable that settlement will be required, and they are capable
        of being measured reliably.
        Provisions made in respect of employee benefits expected to be settled within 12-months of each reporting date
        are measured at their nominal values using the remuneration rate expected to apply at the time of settlement.
        Provisions made in respect of employee benefits which are not expected to be settled within 12-months of each
        reporting date are measured as the present value of the estimated future cash outflows to be made by the Group
        in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date.
2.7     Share-based Payments
        Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at
        the grant date. Details regarding equity settled share-based transactions is set out in note 31.
        The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity settled share-based payments is expensed on a
        straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will
        eventually vest. At each reporting date, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments
        expected to vest.




                                                                                                                                | 23 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019

                 The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit
                 or Loss over the remaining period, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled employee benefits
                 reserve.
         2.8     Taxation
                 Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
         2.8.1   Current Tax
                 The tax currently payable is based on the taxable profit for each reporting period. The taxable income or loss
                 differs from the amount as reported in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss because it excludes items
                 of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are never
                 taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
                 substantively enacted by the financial year end, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
         2.8.2   Deferred Tax
                 Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial
                 statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit and is accounted for
                 using the liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences,
                 and deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it
                 is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be
                 utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the
                 initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects
                 neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.
                 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
                 subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
                 and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
                 arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only
                 recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the
                 benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
                 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is
                 no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
                 which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
                 substantively enacted at each reporting date. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects
                 the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to
                 recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
                 against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the
                 Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
         2.8.3   Current and Deferred Tax for Each Reporting Period
                 Current and deferred tax are recognised as other revenue or an expense within the Consolidated Statement of
                 Profit or Loss, except when they relate to items credited or debited directly to equity, in which case the tax is
                 also recognised directly in equity, or where they arise from the initial accounting for a business combination. In
                 the case of a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in calculating goodwill or in determining
                 the excess of the acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and
                 contingent liabilities over the cost of the business combination.
         2.9     Goods and Services Tax (GST)
                 Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are recognised net of the amount of goods and service tax (GST),
                 except:
                 •    where the amount of GST incurred is not recovered from the taxation authority, it is recognised as part of the
                      cost of acquisition of an asset or as part of an item of expense; or
                 •    for receivables and payables which are recognised inclusive of GST.
                 The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, Inland Revenue is included as part of receivables or
                 payables.




| 24 |
2.10     Property, Plant and Equipment
         Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
         losses, if any. Cost includes all expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. Software
         that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of the asset.
         Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-
         line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of
         each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
         The principal depreciation rates used in the reporting periods are:
         •    Leasehold Improvements                          6.5 – 7.8%
         •    Furniture and Fittings                          8.5 – 39.6%
         •    Plant and Machinery                             7.0 - 30.0%
         •    Computer Equipment                              20.0 – 36.0%
         Assets held under finance leases are depreciated over their expected useful lives on the same basis as owned
         assets or, where shorter, the term of the relevant lease.
         The gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined
         as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the
         Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
2.11     Intangible Assets
2.11.1   Intangible Assets Acquired with a Finite Life
         Intangible assets with a finite life, acquired separately are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and
         accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
         lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual reporting
         period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.
2.11.2   Internally-Generated Intangible Assets with a Finite Life
         Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
         in the period in which it is incurred.
         An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development (or from the development phase of an
         internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:
         •    the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
         •    the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
         •    the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
         •    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
         •    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
              use or sell the intangible asset; and
         •    the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.
         The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible assets is the sum of the expenditure incurred
         from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally
         generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is charged as an expense to the
         Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss in the period in which it is incurred.
         Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
         amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets acquired separately.
         Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of internally generated intangible
         assets. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual reporting
         period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.
2.11.3   Subsequent Measurement
         All intangible assets, including capitalised internally developed software, are accounted for using the cost
         model whereby capitalised costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, as
         these assets are considered finite. Residual values and useful lives are reviewed at each reporting date. In
         addition, they are subject to impairment testing as described in Note 2.13. The following useful lives are
         applied:
         • Software 3-5 years.




                                                                                                                                 | 25 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019

         2.11.4   Intangible Assets Acquired in Business Combination
                  Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are identified and recognised separately from goodwill
                  where they satisfy the definition of an intangible asset, are identifiable and their fair values can be measured
                  reliably. The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition date.
                  Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost
                  less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets
                  acquired separately. The following useful lives are applied:
                  • Customer contracts 3–4 years.
         2.12     Goodwill
                  Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a “business” as defined in NZ IFRS 3 Business Combinations
                  represents the excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the
                  identifiable assets and liabilities of the business recognised at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is initially
                  recognised as an asset at cost and is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated impairment
                  losses.
         2.13     Impairment of Assets
                  At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and finite life intangible assets
                  to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
                  indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
                  impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset,
                  the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
                  Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, goodwill and intangible assets not yet available for use are
                  tested for impairment annually, and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.
                  Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
                  the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
                  reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
                  the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
                  If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
                  amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
                  An impairment loss is recognised immediately as an expense within the Consolidated Statement of Profit or
                  Loss.
                  Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating
                  unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
                  amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss
                  been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior years. Any impairment loss associated with
                  goodwill will not be reversed in a subsequent reporting period.
         2.14     Cash and Cash Equivalents
                  Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short
                  term, highly-liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to
                  known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
         2.15     Inventories
                  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to inventories by the
                  method most appropriate to the particular class of inventory, with the majority being valued on a first-in-first-
                  out basis. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs
                  of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.
         2.16     Financial Instruments
         2.16.1   Recognition and Derecognition
                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
                  provisions of the financial instrument.
                  Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset
                  expire, or when the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards are transferred. A financial
                  liability is derecognised when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.




| 26 |
2.16.2   Financial Assets
         Financial assets principally consist of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and trade and other
         receivables. After initial recognition, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
         method. Discounting is omitted where the effect of discounting is immaterial.
         Refer to note 28.1 for approach in accounting for expected credit losses.
2.16.3   Financial Liabilities
         As the accounting for financial liabilities remains largely the same under NZ IFRS 9 compared to NZ IAS
         39, the Group’s financial liabilities were not impacted by the adoption of NZ IFRS 9. The Group’s financial
         liabilities include trade and other payables.
         Financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, and, where applicable, adjusted for transaction costs
         unless the Group designated a financial liability at fair value through profit or loss. Subsequently, financial
         liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
         All interest-related charges and, if applicable, changes in an instrument’s fair value that are reported in profit
         or loss are included within finance costs or finance income.
2.16.4   Impairment of Financial Assets
         NZ IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (NZ IFRS 9) replaces NZ IAS 39 Financial Instruments Recognition and
         Measurement (NZ IAS 39). It makes changes to the previous guidance on the classification and measurement
         of financial assets and introduces an “expected credit loss” model for the impairment of financial assets. The
         Group applied a simplified model of recognising lifetime expected credit losses as trade receivables do not
         have a financing component. Management have completed an impact assessment and determined that there
         is no financial impact on the transition to the new standard. The new standard has been applied using the full
         retrospective method without restatement.
         For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of the impairment is the difference between the
         asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the financial
         asset’s original effective interest rate.
         The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial assets
         with the exception of trade and other receivables, where the carrying amount is reduced through the use
         of an allowance for credit losses. When trade and other receivables are considered uncollectible, they are
         written off against the allowance account. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are
         credited against the allowance account. Changes in the carrying amount of the allowance account are
         recognised as an expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
2.17     Share Capital
         Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
         options are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds, net of tax.
2.18     Trade Payables and Other Current Liabilities
         These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the
         annual reporting period which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 60 days
         of recognition. These are measured initially at fair value net of transaction costs, subsequently at amortised
         cost using the effective interest rate method.
2.19     Statement of Cash Flows
         The following terms are used in the Statement of Cash Flows:
         Operating activities: are the principal revenue producing activities of the Group and other activities that are
         not investing or financing activities.
         Investing activities: are the acquisition and disposal of long-term assets and other investments not included
         in cash equivalents.
         Financing activities: are activities that result in changes in the size and composition of the contributed
         equity and borrowings of the entity.
         Non-cash financing and investing activities: There were no transactions which have had a material effect
         on assets and liabilities that did not involve cash flows and are disclosed in the statement of cash flows.




                                                                                                                              | 27 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019

         2.20    New IFRS standards and interpretations issued but not yet adopted
                 At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, certain new standards and interpretations to existing
                 standards have been published but not yet effective and have not been adopted early by the Group.
                 Management anticipates that all pronouncements will be adopted in the first accounting period beginning on
                 or after the effective date of the new standard. Information on new standards, amendments and interpretations
                 that are expected to be relevant to the Group financial statements is provided below. Certain other new
                 standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective, that are not expected to have a material impact on
                 the Group financial statements have not been disclosed.
                 (a)       NZ IFRS 16 – Leases (effective date from 1 January 2019)
                 In February 2016 the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board approved the issue of NZ IFRS 16 Leases.
                 NZ IFRS 16 changes the relevant information to be reported by lessors and lessees with a view to faithful
                 representation of information to the users of financial statements so they can assess the effect leases have
                 on cash flow, financial performance and the financial position of the entity. The standard requires the lessee
                 to recognise assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. Lessors reporting
                 requirements are similar to the previous standard NZ IAS 17 Leases. Management has made a preliminary
                 assessment of the impact of adopting this policy on the Group financial statements and has determined that it
                 will be material. Management expects to recognise a lease asset and lease liability for all lease contracts such
                 as premises rent and equipment lease. Note 24 provides disclosure on the Group’s current operating lease
                 commitments that are expected to be recognised.


         3.	     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
                 In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 2, the Directors are required
                 to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are
                 not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
                 experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
                 The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
                 estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or
                 in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
         3.1     Annual Goodwill Impairment Testing
                 Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the Electronic Content
                 Management cash-generating unit which is also known as SDL Software. The value in use calculation requires
                 the Directors to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from this cash generating unit and a suitable
                 discount rate in order to calculate present value.
                 The carrying value of goodwill at each reporting date was $1,061,000 (2018: $1,061,000).
                 The recoverable amount of $938,000 of goodwill associated with the acquisition of the Déjar and Bremy
                 businesses has been determined based on a value in use model applying the budget, approved by the
                 Directors covering the reporting period to 30 June 2019, and forecast sales based on assessments of the
                 current market opportunities through existing distribution channels net of forecast costs, through to the end
                 of 2024, at a post-tax discount rate of 10.2% (2018: 5.6%). Cash flows beyond 2024 have been taken into
                 account by the calculation of a terminal value.
                 The revenue assumptions used for the forecast period are based on management expectations supported by
                 existing prospects for the budget period and allow for growth of 3.0% (2018: 2.5%) per annum over the balance
                 of the forecast period. The assumptions are subject to fundamental uncertainties, particularly those surrounding
                 future license sales which comprise a substantial portion of projected revenues and hence only inflationary
                 growth rates have been applied. Gross margin is forecast to be consistent through the budget and forecast
                 period.
                 In determining whether there was any impairment of goodwill associated with the SDL Software operations,
                 forecasts were prepared based on estimates for all the products sold in each market.
                 Goodwill of $123,000 also arose in the last reporting period associated with the acquisition of the Scantech
                 and DTP business (2018: $123,000). This has similarly been tested for impairment through a review of revenue
                 and earnings forecasts for the financial year ended 30 June 2020. Refer to note 19 and 33 for Directors
                 judgements and estimates.




| 28 |
4.	   REVENUE & OTHER INCOME
      		2019 2018
      		$000 $000

      Revenue recognised over time		                                                       23,204   21,075
      Revenue recognised at a point in time		                                               1,675   11,308
      Revenue from customers		                                                             24,879   22,383
      Government grant revenue		                                                             265      293
      Rent 		                                                                                 11       56
      Other Revenue		                                                                        276      349


5.	EXPENSES
      		    2019 2018
       Note $000 $000
      Acquisition related costs / (income)                                      33          (283)     118
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                     6            57       89
      Credit losses                                                             13            22         -
      Freight, postage & external print		                                                  10,090    8,826
      Directors remuneration - directors fees                                   29           477      513
      Loss / (gain) on foreign exchange		                                                    (21)     (39)
      Rental and operating lease expenses		                                                  668      715
      Redundancy costs		                                                                        -      26
      Research & development		                                                               681      473
      Salaries		6,240                                                                                5,630
      Superannuation (KiwiSaver)		                                                           273      152
      Employee entitlements – share based payments		                                           9       17
      Donations		                                                                              1        3
      Other expenses		                                                                      5,568    3,936
      Total Operating Expenses		                                                           23,782   20,459


6.	   AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
       2019
      		    2018
       $000 $000
      Audit fees – statutory audit		                                                          57       61
      Tax compliance and advisory services		                                                  13       28
      Total auditor’s remuneration		                                                          70       89

      Grant Thornton New Zealand Partnership is the auditor of the financial statements.


7.	INTEREST
       2019
      		    2018
       $000 $000
      Bank interest received 		                                                               (4)      (5)
      Interest on borrowings under finance facilities		                                         -        -
      Net interest received		                                                                 (4)      (5)




                                                                                                             | 29 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019


         8.	     INCOME TAX EXPENSE
         8.1     Current Tax
                  2019
                 		    2018
                  $000 $000
                 Income tax expense comprises:
                 Current tax expense		                                                                                      138                    586
                 Deferred tax expense relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                     (16)                    (9)
                 Total tax expense		                                                                                        122                    577


                 The total charge for the reporting period can be reconciled to the accounting loss as follows:

                 Net profit before income tax		                                                                             792              1,909
                 Income tax at company tax rate (1)		221                                                                                           534
                 Permanent differences		                                                                                    (60)                    34
                 (Over) provision in prior years		                                                                          (22)                    (8)
                 Benefit of tax losses not recognised		                                                                         -                   17
                 Other		(14)                                                                                                                         6
                  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses		                                                         (3)                   (6)
                  Income tax expense		                                                                                      122                    577

                 (1)
                   The Group tax rate of 28% (2018: 28%) has been used. This is the tax rate applicable to the territory where Solution Dynamics
                 Limited, the primary tax paying entity, is domiciled.


                 At 30 June 2019 there are imputation credits available of $770,000 (2018: $407,000) for use in subsequent
                 reporting periods.

         8.2     Deferred Tax Balances
                  2019
                 		    2018
                  $000 $000
                 Temporary differences			
                 Depreciable and amortisable assets		                                                                      (130)              (121)
                 Accruals and provisions		                                                                                  122                     97
                 				 (8)                                                                                                                          (24)
                 Net deferred tax asset not recognised		                                                                        -                     -
                 Deferred tax recognised		                                                                                    (8)                  (24)

                 Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences are only recognised to the extent that it
                 is probable that taxable profits will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be
                 utilised.

                  2019
                 		    2018
                  $000 $000
                 Deferred tax movement			
                 Balance at beginning of period		                                                                           (24)                   108
                 Current year movement through profit or loss		                                                               16                    (9)
                 Deferred tax recognised on business acquisitions		                                                             -             (123)
                 Balance at end of period		                                                                                   (8)                  (24)




| 30 |
9.	    EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)
        2019
       		    2018
        $000 $000
       Net profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders		                            670            1,332

       Basic			
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares (000’s)		                                    14,600          14,300

       		Cents                                                                                                  Cents
       Basic earnings per share		                                                                  4.6             9.3


       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit after tax attributable to equity holders of
       the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the reporting period,
       adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the reporting period.

       Diluted			
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares (000’s)		                                    14,600          14,300
       Adjustment for share options		                                                             160              340
       Weighted average 		                                                                     14,760          14,640

       		Cents                                                                                                  Cents
       Diluted earnings per share		                                                                4.5             9.1


       Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
       outstanding to assume conversion of all potentially dilutive ordinary shares. Options are convertible into the
       Company’s shares and are therefore considered dilutive securities for diluted earnings per share.



10.	   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
        2019
       		    2018
       		
        $000 $000

       Cash and cash equivalents		                                                              1,182            1,956
       Total 		                                                                                 1,182            1,956

       Solution Dynamics has an overdraft facility in place with the ANZ Bank at an interest rate of 8.1% p.a. (2018:
       12.35%). This facility is to support the operational requirements of the Group, is interest only and is secured
       by first ranking debenture over the assets of the Group.
       At period end, the ANZ Bank has imposed no financial covenants to secure the existing facilities. The Group
       maintains a $200,000 overdraft facility that was unused at the reporting date (2018: $200,000). The Group
       now holds a net cash position with no bank debt (2018: $Nil).
       At the end of the reporting period the Bank provided commercial guarantees totalling $65,000 (2018:
       $65,000) to the Group’s suppliers.


11.	   INVENTORIES AND WORK IN PROGRESS
        2019
       		    2018
       		
        $000 $000

       Work in Progress		                                                                         278                  94
       Inventory		81                                                                                                   89
       Total Inventories and Work in Progress		                                                   359              183




                                                                                                                            | 31 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019


         12.	    RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS
                 Transactions between related parties include transactions with subsidiaries, shareholders, directors and their
                 companies and senior executives
                 Related party transactions from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019 were as follows:
                 •    Key management were paid $711,903 (as employees of Solution Dynamics Limited and including the
                      calculated benefit of the employee share option plan) during the reporting period (2018: $783,835) and
                      were owed $48,022, including annual leave, at 30 June 2019 (2018: $62,939).


         13.	    TRADE & OTHER RECEIVABLES
                  2019
                 		    2018
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Trade receivables		                                                                         3,055            2,791
                 Allowance for credit losses		                                                                 (22)                -
                 				3,033                                                                                                    2,791
                 Allowance for credit notes		                                                                   (7)             (11)
                 Total trade receivables				                                                                 3,026            2,780
                 Sundry debtors		                                                                              274              122
                 Total Trade & Other Receivables		                                                           3,300            2,902


                 Trading terms & aging of past due trade receivables
                 The Group’s trading terms require settlement by the 20th of the month following the date of invoice. At
                 the reporting date the Group had past due debtors of $374,000 (2018: $407,000) for which an allowance
                 of $22,000 (2018: $Nil) was made. There has not been a significant change in credit quality therefore the
                 amounts are considered recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

                  2019
                 		    2018
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 30 – 60 days		                                                                                206              192
                 60 – 90 days		                                                                                 54              187
                 90 – 120 days		                                                                               114               28
                 Total overdue trade receivables		                                                             374              407


                 Movement in allowance for credit losses
                 		                                      2019 2018
                 		                                      $000 $000

                 Balance at the beginning of the reporting period		                                               -                -
                 Accounts written off as uncollectable		                                                        22                 -
                 Total allowance for credit losses		                                                            22                 -


                 In assessing the recoverability of trade receivables, the Group considers any change in the quality of the trade
                 receivables from the date that the credit was initially granted up to the reporting date. The concentration of
                 credit risk is limited with the largest customer comprising 13% (2018: 11%) of the gross trade receivable
                 balance, 95% of the outstanding balance is less than 60 days old (2018: 92%). Accordingly, the directors
                 believe that no further adjustments for credit are required in excess of the allowance for credit losses.
                 For the reporting period there are no provisions against third parties (2018: $Nil).
                 The directors do not consider there to be any expected credit loss in addition to the credit losses recorded above.




| 32 |
14.	   OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
        2019
       		    2018
       		
        $000 $000

       Sundry creditors		                                                                        465             211
       Payroll accruals		                                                                         57             224
       Provision for earnout (note 33)		                                                          52             335
       Audit fees accrued		                                                                       61                 68
       Total Other Current Liabilities		                                                         635             838


15.	   OTHER NON-FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
        2019
       		    2018
       		
        $000 $000

       PAYE		134                                                                                                 126
       GST		305                                                                                                  318
       Provision for tax		                                                                      (134)            256
       Provision for deferred income		                                                           593             151
       Total Non-Financial Liabilities		                                                         898             851


16.	   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT LIABILITIES
        2019
       		    2018
       		
        $000 $000

       Provision for sick pay			                                                                   4                  3
       Provision for long service leave			                                                        96                 82
       Provision for holiday pay 			                                                             384             387
       Total Employee Benefit Liabilities		                                                      484             472

       Provisions for sick and long service leave are based on the Group’s estimate of the present value of future
       costs assuming payroll inflation rate of 2.0%.



17.	   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                 Plant &      Furniture        Leasehold        Total
                                                               Machinery      & Fittings    Improvements
                                                                     $000          $000                 $000    $000
       Cost				
       Balance 1 July 2017                                          2,180           145                 562    2,887
       Additions                                                     100              6                  26      132
       Acquisitions through business combinations                      44              -                 31          75
       Balance 30 June 2018                                         2,324           151                 619    3,094
       Additions                                                     240              6                  27      273
       Balance 30 June 2019                                         2,564           157                 646    3,367

       Accumulated depreciation				




                                                                                                                          | 33 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019


         17.	    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                             Plant &       Furniture            Leasehold         Total
                                                                           Machinery       & Fittings        Improvements
                                                                                $000            $000                   $000       $000
                 Balance 1 July 2017                                            1,838            137                    317       2,292
                 Depreciation expense                                            137               2                     69        208
                  Balance 30 June 2018                                          1,975            139                    386       2,500
                  Depreciation expense                                           161               4                     73        238
                  Disposals                                                         -               -                         -       -
                  Balance 30 June 2019                                          2136             143                    459       2,738

                  Carrying amount				
                  Balance 1 July 2017                                            342               8                    245        595
                  Balance 30 June 2018                                           349              12                    233        594
                  Balance 30 June 2019                                           428              14                    187        629


         18.	    IDENTIFIABLE INTANGIBLES, FINITE LIFE
                                                                  Software       Software Software             Customer           Total
                                                                   - Déjar(i)     - Bremy		                   Contracts(ii)
                                                                         $000           $000       $000              $000         $000
                 Cost					
                 Balance 1 July 2017                                  2,090             110       1,099                  -        3,299
                 Additions - purchased                                      -              -            74               -          74
                              - acquired through business combinations      -              -        531               441          972
                 Balance 30 June 2018                                 2,090             110       1,704               441         4,345
                 Additions - purchased                                      -              -            28               -          28
                 Balance 30 June 2019                                 2,090             110       1,732               441         4,373


                 Accumulated amortisation					
                 Balance 1 July 2017                                  2,090             110         805                  -        3,005
                 Amortisation expense                                       -              -        135                 26         161
                 Balance 30 June 2018                                 2,090             110         940                 26        3,166
                 Amortisation expense                                       -              -        224               123          347
                 Balance 30 June 2019                                 2,090             110       1,164               149         3,513


                 Carrying amount					
                 Balance 1 July 2017                                        -              -        294                  -         294
                 Balance 30 June 2018                                       -              -        764               415         1,179
                 Balance 30 June 2019                                       -              -        568               292          860


                 (i) Déjar software (intellectual property) includes software costs of $1,400,000 purchased from Efactor
                     and Déjar Holdings.
                 (ii) 2018 addition as acquired through business combinations arose from the Scantech and DTP acquisitions
                      (note 33).




| 34 |
19.	GOODWILL
                                                        Scantech         DTP          Déjar        Bremy        Total
                                                            $000         $000         $000          $000        $000

       Balance at beginning of year                            66          57           215             723     1,061
       Net carrying amount                                     66          57           215             723     1,061


       Goodwill has arisen on the acquisition of a business previously controlled by Déjar Holdings Limited and
       Bremy Limited. For impairment testing purposes, goodwill is determined to be associated with the SDL
       Software cash generating unit.
       No accumulated impairment losses have been recognised against the goodwill.
       The carrying value of Déjar and Bremy goodwill is tested on an annual basis through assessment of the
       value-in-use of the SDL Software cash generating unit. Management has projected growth in sales for the
       Déjar and Bremy products at 3.0% per annum for the 2020-2024 forecast period because it reflects inflation.
       Growth above inflation has not been projected due to there being uncertainty around this. The cash flows
       used in the value-in-use calculations are based firstly on the management budget for the 2020 year followed
       by management forecasts over a further four-year period. Cash flows after 2024 have been taken into
       account through a terminal value calculation (2018: Nil).
       The pre-tax discount rate used in the impairment calculation is 13.8% (2018: 26.0%). The equivalent post-
       tax nominal rate for the forecast cash flows is 10.2% (2018: 5.6%). In the Directors’ view this represents the
       rate that the market would expect on an investment of equivalent risk. There has been no impairment in the
       reporting period (2018: $Nil).
       During the year ended 30 June 2018, Scantech and DTP goodwill of $123,000 arose from deferred tax on
       business combinations as outlined in note 33. Following a review of forecast cash flows for the FY2020
       budget period the Directors’ judgement is that this goodwill is not material to the financial statements and
       that there are no indicators of impairment at reporting date (note 33).
19.1   Sensitivity to Changes in Assumptions
       As at 30 June 2019, the date of the Group’s annual impairment test, the estimated recoverable amount of the
       indefinite life intangible assets exceeded their carrying amount by $7,200,000 (2018: $1,450,000).
       It is the judgement of Directors that reasonable changes in the foreseeable future to growth rates and
       discount rates (sensitivity analysis) does not result in an impairment loss.



20.	   SHARE CAPITAL
        2019
       		    2018
       		
        $000 $000

       Ordinary Shares			
       Balance at beginning of year			                                                          5,357           5,169
       Exercise of employee share options			                                                       56             188
       Share Capital at End of Year				                                                         5,413           5,357

       The Company had 14,639,810 (2018: 14,559,810) ordinary shares on issue as at 30 June 2019. All ordinary
       shares ranked equally with one vote attached to each fully paid ordinary share and share equally in dividends
       and surplus on winding up.




                                                                                                                        | 35 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019


         21.	    ACCUMULATED LOSSES
                  2019
                 		    2018
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Balance at beginning of reporting period			                                        (1,366)         (1,764)
                 Net operating profit after income tax			                                              670           1,332
                 Exercise of employee share options			                                                  29               105
                 Payment of dividends			                                                              (804)         (1,039)
                 Accumulated Losses at end of reporting period		                                    (1,471)         (1,366)


         22.	    EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION
                 Remuneration includes salaries, bonuses and other benefits including non-cash benefits. The number of
                 employees with total remuneration exceeding $100,000 in each of the following bands was:
                  2019
                 		    2018
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 $100,000 to $109,999		                                                                  3                 4
                 $110,000 to $119,999		                                                                  1                  -
                 $120,000 to $129,999		                                                                  2                  -
                 $140,000 to $149,999		                                                                  1                 1
                 $150,000 to $159,999		                                                                  2                  -
                 $160,000 to $169,999		                                                                  1                  -
                 $170,000 to $179,999		                                                                   -                2
                 $180,000 to $189,999		                                                                  2                  -
                 $190,000 to $199,999		                                                                   -                1
                 $200,000 to $209,999		                                                                   -                1
                 $250,000 to $259,999		                                                                  1
                 $390,000 to $399,999		                                                                  1                  -
                 $410,000 to $419,999		                                                                   -                1
                 Total staff with remuneration exceeding $100,000		                                     14                10




         23.	    RECONCILIATION OF NET LOSS AFTER INCOME TAX FOR YEAR WITH NET CASH
                 INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                 		2019 2018
                 		$000 $000

                 Net profit after income tax		                                                         670           1,332

                 Adjustments:			
                 Depreciation and amortisation of assets		                                             585               369
                 (Gain) on foreign exchange		                                                          (21)              (39)
                 Credit losses		                                                                        22                  -
                 Interest income (reclassified as financing activity)		                                 (4)               (5)
                 Other non-cash items		                                                                (16)               20
                 Cash flow from trading		                                                            1,236           1,677




| 36 |
23.	   RECONCILIATION OF NET LOSS AFTER INCOME TAX FOR YEAR WITH NET CASH
       INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES (CONTINUED)
       		2019 2018
       		$000 $000

       Add movements in working capital:			
       (Increase) in trade & other receivables		                                                (419)           (536)
       (Increase) in inventories and work in progress		                                         (176)            (31)
       Decrease / (increase) in prepayments		                                                       3            (35)
       Increase in other current liabilities		                                                    36               28
       (Decrease) / increase in other non-financial liabilities		                                 (4)              39
       (Decrease) / increase in trade creditors		                                               (165)            443
       (Decrease) / increase in employee benefit liabilities		                                  (155)              37
       				(880)                                                                                                 (55)
       Net Cash Flows From Operating Activities		                                                356           1,622




24.	   OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
       Operating leases include the property at 18 Canaveral Drive and other equipment. Operating leases have
       remaining lease terms of 1- 6 years. The initial term of the 18 Canaveral Drive, Albany lease has been varied
       and now terminates in September 2022 with a right, subject to penalty, to terminate from September 2020.
       The Canaveral Drive lease has a biennial inflationary rent review clause. The Group does not have an option
       to purchase the leased assets at the expiry of the lease period.
       At each reporting date the Group had the following operating lease commitments:
        2019
       		    2018
       		
        $000 $000

       Less than 1 year		                                                                        930             943
       1 to 2 years		                                                                            772             947
       2 to 5 years		                                                                            766           1,553
       Total Operating Lease Commitments		                                                     2,468           3,443


       A portion of the Canaveral Drive premises lease were sub-leased on month to month terms which resulted
       in a reduction in rental expense. This arrangement was terminated in March 2018. Rental income during the
       2019 year totalled $Nil (2018: $56,017) associated with these rental agreements. The current full year rental
       on the Canaveral Drive property is $562,758 (2018: $546,336).



25.	   SEGMENT INFORMATION
       The Group operates in one business segment, the supply of customer communication solutions. These
       include a range of integrated document management products and services separated into three revenue
       generating streams; software and technology, digital printing and document handling services and
       outsourced services. Specific elements of these streams are as follows:
       •   Software & Technology, Solution Dynamics owns the intellectual property in five products;
           ◊    Déjar, an online digital archival and retrieval system sold stand-alone under licence agreements and
                also as a hosted service in New Zealand and Internationally.
           ◊    Bremy, Digital asset management, workflow and multichannel publishing software sold as a
                licenced product and also as a hosted service in New Zealand, Australia and the UK.
           ◊    Composer, “On-Demand” content creation software.




                                                                                                                        | 37 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019


         25.	    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                       ◊    DéjarMail, is a web browser-based desktop mail management solution which allows customers to
                            route mail correspondence to SDL or any other service provider for printing and delivery.
                       ◊    Jupiter is a hybrid mail application that was acquired through the purchase of the DigitalToPrint
                            business. The application routes data received from clients for international distribution of
                            communications to the destination country for print production and lodgement as local mail.
                 In addition to owning the intellectual property for the above products, Solution Dynamics provides
                 programming, consulting and design services that help clients to distribute marketing and essential
                 communications by mail and electronically. The provision of these services is covered under this category.
                 •     Digital Printing & Document Handling Services, the printing of client’s information digitally using high
                       speed laser printers followed by the lodgement and distribution of those documents using a variety of
                       machine and other processes.
                 •     Outsourced Services, not all components of Solution Dynamics’ solutions are produced internally.
                       External elements such as post, freight, paper and envelopes are sourced from external suppliers and
                       included in this service stream. Solution Dynamics has long term arrangements with a number of key
                       suppliers such as NZ Post for the provision of these services.
                 An overhead structure including sales, marketing and administration departments provides services for all of
                 the above revenue streams.
                 There are no reconciling items in this note due to the management information provided to the Chief
                 Operating Decision Maker, the CEO Nelson Siva, being compiled using the same standards and accounting
                 policies as those used to prepare the financial statements.

                 Segment Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                 		 2019		2018
                 		 $000 % $000                                                                                                   %

                  Software & Technology                                     8,324           33%            6,052                27%
                  Digital Printing & Document Handling Services             5,561           22%            6,773                30%
                  Outsourced services                                      11,270           45%            9,907                43%
                  Total revenue                                            25,155          100%           22,732           100%

                  Less cost of sales                                       16,827           67%           14,315                63%
                  Gross margin                                              8,328           33%            8,417                37%

                  Selling, general & administration                         6,955           28%            6,144                27%
                  Earnings before interest,
                  tax, depreciation & amortisation                          1,373             5%           2,273                10%

                  Less:				
                  Depreciation                                                238             1%             208                1%
                 Amortisation                                                 347             1%             161                1%
                 Interest                                                       (4)           0%               (5)              0%
                 Tax                                                          122             0%             577                2%
                 Operating profit                                             670             3%           1,332                6%

                 Segment Assets
                 Assets are not segmented between service streams.
                 Information about Major Customers
                 Included in revenues for the Group of $25.2 million (2018: $22.7 million) are revenues of $3.15million (2018:
                 $2.8 million) which arose from sales to the Group’s largest customer.
                 Geographical Information
                 The Group has customers in New Zealand, Australia, United States of America and Europe.




| 38 |
25.	   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                        Revenue from		
                                                                   External Customers Non-current Assets
                                                                    2019         2018  2019        2018
                                                                    $000         $000  $000        $000
       New Zealand                                                16,472        17,604               2,677       2,434
       Australia                                                      519        1,111                   -             -
       United States of America                                     3,033            62                 4          140
       Europe                                                       5,131        3,955                  7              1
       Total revenue                                              25,155        22,732               2,688       2,575


26.	   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
       There were no contingent liabilities at the reporting date for the Group (2018: $Nil).


27.	   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
       The Group had no capital commitments at the reporting date (2018: $Nil).


28.	   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
28.1   Credit Risk
       Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to concentrations of credit risk consist principally
       of trade & other receivables. The maximum credit risk is the carrying value of these financial instruments;
       however, the Group does not consider the risk of non-recovery of these accounts to be material.
       In the normal course of its business the Group incurs credit risk from trade receivables and transactions with
       financial institutions. The Group has a credit policy, which is used to manage this exposure to credit risk. As
       part of this policy, credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit. The Group does not
       have any significant concentrations of credit risk, excluding the single largest customer referred to in Note 13.
       This customer is not viewed as a credit risk due to trading and payment history. The Group does not require
       any collateral or security to support financial instruments as it only deposits with, or loans to banks and other
       financial institutions with credit ratings of no less than AA-. It does not expect the non-performance of any
       obligations that are not provided for at reporting date.
28.2   Categories of Financial Instruments
                                                                                       2019		2018
                                                                                       $000		$000
                                                                             Financial Assets		Financial Assets
                                                                               & Liabilities at		 & Liabilities at
                                                                             Amortised Cost		Amortised Cost
       Assets
       Cash & cash equivalents (Note 10)                                              1,182		                    1,956
       Trade & other receivables (Note 13)                                            3,300		                    2,902
       Total Financial Assets                                                         4,482		                    4,858
       Total non-financial assets                                                     3,183		                    3,209
       Total Assets                                                                   7,665		                    8,067

       Liabilities			
       Trade creditors                                                                1,706		                    1,871
       Other current liabilities (Note 14)                                                635		                    838
       Total Financial Liabilities                                                    2,341		                    2,709
       Total non-financial liabilities                                                1,374                      1,299
       Total Liabilities                                                              3,715                      4,008

       The carrying values of the financial instruments above are equivalent to their fair values.




                                                                                                                           | 39 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019

         28.3    Maturity Date of Financial Instruments
                 						Gross
                 		 Less than   1 - 3 3 Months   1-5  Nominal                                                                 Carrying
                     1 Month  Months  to 1 Year Years Outflow                                                                   Value
                 		 $000       $000       $000  $000    $000                                                                     $000

                 2019							
                 Non-interest bearing		                                        1,918      435        (12)       -    2,341        2,341
                 		 1,918                                                                 435        (12)       -    2,341        2,341
                 2018 							
                 Non-interest bearing		                                        1,367      867        475        -    2,709        2,709
                 		 1,367                                                                 867        475        -    2,709        2,709


         28.4    Interest Rates
                 The following table details the Group’s weighted average effective interest rates for financial liabilities at
                 reporting date.
                                                                                                               2019		2018
                 Financial Liabilities:
                 Finance facility (overdraft rate)                                                            8.1%		 12.35%


         28.5    Foreign Currency Risk Management
                 Hosting and license sales linked to SDL Software operations are denominated in foreign currency and sold
                 under standard terms and conditions. Any variation in exchange rate between the date of sale and the date
                 cash is received is accounted for as a foreign exchange gain/loss in the period in which it occurs. For material
                 individual transactions in foreign currencies the Group has a policy of taking forward exchange. At 30 June
                 2019 of total trade receivables of $3,055,000 (2018: $2,791,000) a total of $1,384,000 (2018: $974,000) was
                 in foreign currencies. $1,076,000 (2018: $784,000) of the foreign currency receivables were denominated in
                 European currencies, $177,000 (2018: $63,000) in US $ with the remainder of the balance in AUD $.
                 In addition to the trade receivables of $1,384,000 (2018: $974,000) held in foreign currencies at the end of
                 the reporting period, a further $700,000 (2018: $352,000) in cash was also held in foreign currencies, a total
                 of $2,084,000 (2018: $1,326,000). Adjusted for offsetting payables balances of $1,243,000 (2018: 659,796), a
                 movement in the exchange rate of 10% would give rise to an exchange fluctuation of $78,700.
                 Trading operations for the UK and Europe are largely undertaken through SDL’s UK subsidiary Solution
                 Dynamics International Limited (SDIL). At period end the net assets for SDIL, comprising largely working
                 capital, was a credit balance of NZ$225,000 (2018: NZ$110,000) with cash and receivable balances as noted
                 above.
                 At 30 June 2019, the reporting date no forward exchange contracts were held (2018: $Nil). The Directors
                 believe that any sensitivity to foreign exchange risk through its investment in offshore companies is not
                 material.
                 The foreign exchange gains or losses disclosed in Note 5 relate to trade and other receivables.

         28.6    Liquidity Risk Management
                 Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, which has built an
                 appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium and
                 long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining
                 adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast
                 and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. With positive cash
                 inflows the Group’s liquidity risk is considered by the Directors to be low.




| 40 |
28.7   Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis
       Interest on finance leases is on fixed rates with no exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. There are no
       borrowings associated with the finance facility as at the end of the reporting period (2018: $Nil).
       At 30 June 2019 the interest rate on the overdraft facility was 8.1% (2018: 12.35%). With a net cash position
       of $1.18 million (2018: $1.96 million) at the end of the reporting period a material change in the interest
       expense is not expected.

28.8   Capital Management
       The Group manages its capital to ensure that the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
       maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balances.
       The Group is in a net cash position of $1.18 million (2018: $1.96 million) and a net cash inflow from
       operations of $0.36 million (2018: $1.62 million). There was an operating profit of $0.67 million in the current
       year (2018: $1.33 million). A material improvement in financial performance is forecast for the 2020 year. The
       Group has no externally imposed covenants to manage.
        2019
       		    2018
       		
        $000 $000
       Cash & Finance facility (Note 10)                                                          1,182           1,956
       Net cash (debt)                                                                            1,182           1,956
       Equity (all capital and reserves)                                                          3,934           4,011
       Net (cash) debt to equity ratio                                                            (30%)           (49%)


       During the reporting period the finance facility was subject to certain conditions which are disclosed in Note
       10.



29.	   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
       The following fees and salaries were paid to Directors during the reporting period:
        2019
       		    2018
       		
        $000 $000
       John McMahon (Chairman)                                                                       45                45
       Nelson Siva (CEO)                                                                           374                 413
       Julian Beavis                                                                                 25                 25
       Elmar Toime                                                                                   25                 30
       Lee Eglinton                                                                                   4                   -
       Andy Preece (Chairman Audit & Risk Management Committee)                                       4                   -
       Total Directors’ Remuneration                                                               477                 513




                                                                                                                              | 41 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019


         30.	    EMPLOYEE OPTIONS
                 On 17 February 2014 the board of Solution Dynamics Limited announced the introduction of an equity
                 settled employee share option plan. The general principles of the scheme were:
                 •    The maximum aggregate number of share options to be granted pursuant to the plan is 5% of the total
                      number of shares on issue.
                 •    Options of no more than 1% of the total number of SDL’s shares on issue can be granted to an
                      individual staff member.
                 •    The exercise price will be determined by the Board based on the market price at the time of issue.
                 •    The options may be exercised by the participant (in whole or part) after three years from the date that
                      they are granted. The key employees have 18-months from the date of eligibility and must be employed
                      by SDL at the date the option is exercised.
                 All options from the initial tranches of the scheme were exercised by March 2019. Effective 14 December
                 2018 the board issued 80,000 share options each to two staff who are key senior members of the Company’s
                 IT team. The options have an exercise price of $1.70 per share.

                                                                                                          2019               2018
                                                                                                      Number of          Number of
                                                                                                        Shares             Shares
                                                                                                          $000               $000
                 Unvested shares at 1 July 2018                                                                  80              580
                 Granted                                                                                     160                    -
                 Vested                                                                                       (80)              (500)
                 Unvested shares at 30 June 2019                                                             160                  80
                 Percentage of total ordinary shares                                                        1.1%                0.5%


                 The fair value of the options granted during the reporting period was $50,445 (2018: $Nil). This cost is
                 recognised over the vesting period.
                 Grant Date            Options          Share Price           Exercise         Options                Option		
                                       Issued           at Grant Date         Price            Expire                 Value $
                 November 2015         80,000           $0.800                $0.700           May 2019               $29,395
                 December 2018         160,000          $1.700                $1.700           June 2023              $50,445


                 The fair value was determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that takes into account the
                 exercise price, the term of the option, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the
                 underlying share, the dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of the option.
                 In addition to the factors as noted in the table above further inputs for the model included:
                 •    Standard deviation of stock returns 35%. This is based on an analysis of share price movements over
                      the 12-months prior to the issue of the options.
                 •    Dividend yield of 4.37%.
                 •    Annual risk-free rate of 1.23%.




| 42 |
32.	   SHAREHOLDERS AND SUBSTANTIAL SECURITY HOLDERS
32.1   The 20 largest shareholders as at 22 July 2019 were:

       Shareholder                                                                 % of Total      Shares
       NEW ZEALAND PERMANENT TRUSTEES LIMITED - NZCSD                                 11.27%     1,649,343
       ASB NOMINEES LIMITED                                                           10.56%     1,545,658
       PHILIP HADFIELD HARDIE BOYS (P & K HARDIE BOYS FAMILY)                          7.96%     1,165,000
       INDRAJIT NELSON SIVASUBRAMANIAM + TRACEY LEE SIVASUBRAMANIAM                    6.63%      970,000
       CUSTODIAL SERVICES LIMITED                                                      5.07%      742,740
       ACCIDENT COMPENSATION CORPORATION - NZCSD                                       4.96%      725,553
       MICHAEL CHARLES HARE                                                            4.78%      700,000
       COLIN GLENN GIFFNEY                                                             3.55%      520,000
       JILLIAN BERNADETTE WINSTANLEY                                                   2.22%      325,000
       DEIRDRE ELIZABETH TALLOTT                                                       1.98%      289,444
       INVESTMENT CUSTODIAL SERVICES LIMITED                                           1.92%      280,881
       CUSTODIAL SERVICES LIMITED                                                      1.84%      269,972
       CHRISTOPHER VEALE + PENNY VEALE                                                 1.81%      265,704
       ROGER DIXON ARMSTRONG                                                           1.79%      261,665
       CUSTODIAL SERVICES LIMITED                                                      1.67%      245,000
       DON NOMINEES LIMITED                                                            1.60%      234,944
       KIRSTEN ROBERTS                                                                 1.40%      205,000
       FNZ CUSTODIANS LIMITED                                                          1.34%      196,183
       INVESTMENT CUSTODIAL SERVICES LIMITED                                           1.23%      180,000
       ZEALANDIA ASSOCIATES LIMITED                                                    1.11%      162,000
       Grand Total                                                                    74.69%    10,934,087

       A total of 14,639,810 shares were on issue (2018: 14,559,810).


32.1   Size of Shareholding as at 22 July 2019

       Holdings                                                    Shareholders   Shares Held   % of Total
       1-999                                                               100         24,191        0.2%
       1,000-4,999                                                          76        138,996        1.0%
       5,000-9,999                                                          28        175,891        1.2%
       10,000-49,999                                                        53        983,545        6.7%
       50,000-99,999                                                        16      1,124,650        7.7%
       100,000 and over                                                     30     12,192,537       83.2%
       TOTAL                                                               303     14,639,810      100.0%




                                                                                                             | 43 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2019

         32.2    Substantial Security Holders
                 According to notices given under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, the following persons were
                 substantial shareholders in Solution Dynamics Limited as at 22 July 2019:
                 Shareholder                                                                      % of Total          Shares
                 New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited (The Aspiring Fund)                          11.27%        1,649,343
                 Meta Capital Limited (John McMahon)                                                 10.56%        1,545,658
                 Philip Hadfield Hardie Boys (P & K Hardie Boys Family A/C)                            7.96%       1,165,000
                 Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam & Tracey Lee Sivasubramaniam                          6.63%         970,000
                 Michael Charles Hare (& others)                                                       5.05%         740,000


         33.	    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
                 During the year ended 30 June 2018, the business and assets of Auckland-based scanning services and
                 technology provider Scantech Limited (Scantech) were acquired as at 1 April 2018 and the United States-
                 based technology company DigitalToPrint Inc. and its related companies (DTP) was acquired as at 1 May
                 2018 for an aggregate purchase consideration of $1.05 million.
                 The Company obtained full control of these businesses by acquiring the assets of the Company, including
                 property leases and some staff.
                 The acquisition included contingent consideration determined by the Directors to be $335,000 based upon
                 achieving sales targets within 12-months of acquisition date. The range of possible contingent consideration
                 is nil to $1.21 million. During the year ended 30 June 2019 contingent consideration has been revised
                 resulting in a credit to the Statement of Profit or Loss. The total payment to be made from contingent
                 consideration was assessed to be $52,000, with the remaining $283,000 being included as a credit to
                 acquisition costs in operating expenses, see note 5.
                 The contribution of these businesses to the Group results for the reporting period ended 30 June 2019 was
                 revenue of $2,821,000 (2018: $231,000) and an operating loss before interest, income tax and amortisation
                 of intangibles of $37,000 (2018: $62,000).
                 		                                                                                      2019           2018
                 		                                                                                      $000           $000
                 Purchase Consideration
                 Cash paid                                                                               712             712
                 Estimate of earnout related to acquisitions                                               52            335
                 Reversal of earnout related to acquisitions                                             283                 -
                 Total Estimated Consideration                                                          1,047           1,047
                 Fair value of assets arising from the acquisitions		
                 Property plant and equipment                                                              75               75
                 Intangible assets software                                                              531             531
                 Intangible assets customer contracts                                                    441             441
                 Goodwill – arising on deferred tax                                                      123             123
                 Less liabilities assumed:		
                 Deferred tax liability on customer contracts                                           (123)           (123)
                 Total                                                                                  1,047           1,047


         34.	    EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE
                 On 29 August 2019, the Directors approved the payment of a fully imputed dividend of 2.0 cents per share
                 amounting to $292,796 to be paid on 27 September 2019 (2018: The Directors approved the payment of a
                 fully imputed dividend of 3.50 cents per share, amounting to $509,593).




| 44 |
Solution Dynamics Limited

STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The corporate governance processes set out in this statement do not materially differ from the principles set
out in the New Zealand Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Best Practice Code issued on May 2017. In
this regard, there are several items which the Board is progressing, particularly as a result of Solution Dynamics
Limited’s (SDL’s) migration to the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX) Main Board on 28 May 2019 and, as a
result of this migration, the need to comply with the new NZX Listing Rules from that date. The information in
this report is current as at 29 August 2019 and has been approved by the Board.
The Board Charter and key policies which were approved by the board on 2 May 2019 are available on the
Company’s website: www.solutiondynamics.com.
SDL is listed on the NZX’s Main Board and is subject to regulatory control and monitoring by both the NZX and
the Financial Markets Authority (FMA).


PRINCIPLE 1 – CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOUR
Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this behaviour and hold management to
account for adherence to these standards throughout the organisation.

The Board recognises that high ethical standards and behaviours are central to good corporate governance
and it is committed to the observance of a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics throughout the Group.
The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which was approved by the Board as part of the process of
migrating to the NZX Main Board, provides a framework of standards by which the directors, employees and
contractors to SDL and its related companies are expected to conduct themselves. It is intended to facilitate
actions and decision-making that is consistent with SDL’s values, business goals and legal obligations and,
thereby, enhance performance outcomes.
Employees are expected to report any breaches of the Code in line with the processes outlined in the Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics.
The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was approved by the Board in May 2019 as part of the process of
migrating to the NZX Main Board. Nonetheless, the Board believes that all Directors conformed to the Code
during the 2019 financial year.
A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was made is made available to all employees and is given
to all new employees when they join the Group. Any future changes to the Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics will be communicated to staff. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can also be found at http://
www.solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Code_of_Business_Conduct_and_Ethics.pdf.
SDL has a Share Trading Policy to mitigate the risk of insider trading in SDL’s securities by employees
and Directors. A copy of this Policy can also be found at http://www.solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/
uploads/2019/05/Share_Trading_Policy.pdf. The Policy was updated in May 2019 as a part of the process of
migrating to the NZX Main Board. Additional share trading restrictions apply to Restricted Persons including
Directors and certain employees.


Directors’ Share Dealings and Shareholding
Directors’ disclose the following relevant interests in shares in the Group at 30 June 2019 and transactions in
relevant interests in shares during the financial year ended 30 June 2019.

Shareholder                 Balance 30 June 2018          Additions        Disposals        Balance 30 June 2019
John McMahon                           1,504,801             40,857                  -                   1,545,658
Nelson Siva                              970,000                   -                 -                     970,000

Entries in the Interests Register
In addition to the interests and related party transactions disclosures in Note 12 of the Notes to the Financial
Statements, there were no interests disclosed to the Board during the year.




                                                                                                                     | 45 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

         Conflicts of Interest and Related Parties
         All Directors must disclose any general and specific interests that could be in conflict with their obligations to
         the Group. Transactions with related parties and balances outstanding relating to the year ended 30 June 2019
         are disclosed in Note 12 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.


         PRINCIPLE 2 – BOARD COMPOSITION & PERFORMANCE
         To ensure an effective Board, there should be a balance of independence, skills, knowledge, experience and
         perspectives.

         The primary responsibilities of the Board include:
         •   to establish the vision of the Group
         •   to establish the long-term goals and strategies of the Group
         •   to approve annual and half-year financial reports
         •   to approve annual budgets
         •   to approve corporate policies
         •   to ensure the Group has good internal controls and keeps adequate records
         •   to ensure legislative compliance
         •   to monitor executive management
         •   to ensure appropriate communication to stakeholders

         Board procedures are governed by the Constitution.
         The Board is responsible for setting the strategic direction of the Group, overseeing the financial and
         operational controls of the business, putting in place appropriate risk management strategies and policies and
         enhancing its value for shareholders in accordance with good corporate governance principles.
         In addition to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Board also operates under a written Board Charter
         which sets out the structure of the Board, role and responsibilities of Directors, procedures for the nomination,
         resignation and removal of Directors; and identifies procedures to ensure that the Board meets regularly,
         conducts its meetings in an efficient and effective manner and that each Director is fully empowered to perform
         his or her duties as a Director of the Company and to fully participate in Board meetings.
         The day-to-day management of SDL’s business is undertaken by SDL’s senior management team under the
         leadership of the Chief Executive Officer, through a set of delegated authorities which are reviewed annually.
         In order to discharge their duties, Directors have direct access to, and may rely on, financial, and other
         management information, and advice provided by SDL’s senior management as well as professional advice
         provided by external advisers. Directors have the right, with the approval of the Chairman or by resolution of
         the Board, to seek independent legal or financial advice at the Company’s expense for the proper performance
         of their duties.


         Board Composition and Appointment
         The number of elected Directors and the procedure for their retirement and re-election at Annual Shareholder
         Meetings is set out in the Company’s constitution.
         SDL considers that the nomination process for new Director appointments is the responsibility of the whole
         Board and it does not have a separate Nomination Committee.
         The Board takes into consideration tenure, capability, diversity and skills when reviewing Board composition
         and new appointments.
         At each Annual Meeting, one-third of the current Directors retire by rotation and are eligible for re-election. Any
         Directors appointed since the previous Annual Meeting must also retire and are eligible for election.
         When a new Director is appointed, SDL will enter into a written appointment letter setting out the terms of their
         appointment.
         The Board supports the separation of the roles of Chairman and CEO. The Chair of SDL as at 29 August 2019
         is non-executive director, John McMahon, who has (through a related party) a 10.56% shareholding in SDL and
         is therefore not considered independent under the NZX Main Board Listing Rules.




| 46 |
The Board currently comprises six Directors, being a non-executive chairman (non-independent), four non-
executive Directors (independent) and the Chief Executive. They are all elected based on the value they bring to
the Board.
In order for a Director to be independent, the Board has determined that he or she must not be an executive of
SDL and must have no ‘Disqualifying Relationships’. In this regard, the Board follows the requirements of the
NZX Listing Rules (and NZX guidance on the application of those requirements). Information on each director
can be found at http://www.solutiondynamics.com/our-team/. Director’s interests are disclosed on page 45 of
the 2019 Annual Rpeort.
The Company encourages all Directors to undertake appropriate training and education so that they may best
perform their duties. This includes attending presentations on changes in governance, legal and regulatory
frameworks; attending technical and professional development courses. ln addition, Directors can receive
updates on relevant industry and Company issues, and briefings from key executives.
The Board aims to regularly consider individual and collective performance, together with the skillsets, training
and development and succession planning required to govern the Group’s business.


Diversity
SDL is committed to a culture that actively supports diversity and inclusiveness and prevents or eliminates
discrimination in any form. As such, SDL firmly believes that diversity and inclusiveness enables SDL to better
respond to the ever-changing environment in which we operate and better serve the diverse customer and
stakeholder base we are accountable to.
The concept of diversity includes (but is not limited to) concepts of gender, race, ethnicity and cultural
background as well as physical capability, age, sexual orientation, and religious or political beliefs.
SDL does not have formal diversity policy. Instead, SDL’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics notes that SDL
values diversity and has a workforce consisting of many individuals with diverse skills, values, backgrounds,
ethnicity and experience. We attract and retain a diverse workforce and this diversity brings a range of ideals,
skills and innovation to SDL, which assists in achieving our objectives. At the date of this report, the Board is
yet to consider whether it requires management to provide regular reporting and monitoring on diversity within
SDL’s workforce.
As at 30 June 2019, the gender balance of SDL’s directors and people were as follows:

                                                                               30 June 2019          30 June 2018
Directors
Females		                                                                                  1                      -
Males		                                                                                    5                    4
Management Team
Females		                                                                                   -                     -
Males		                                                                                    9                    6
All Employees
Females		                                                                                 32                   37
Males		                                                                                   53                   42


The Management team is defined as being the Chief Executive Officer and 8 senior leaders reporting directly to
the Chief Executive Officer.




                                                                                                                      | 47 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

         Board Meetings and Attendance
         The Board has 11 scheduled meetings a year.
         During the period 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019 attendance at Board and Committee meetings was:
         		                                                                                                   Audit &
            Board Meetings (1)                                                                          Risk Management(2)
           Held       Attended                                                                          Held     Attended
         John McMahon (Chairman)                                     11               11                 1              1
         Julian Beavis                                               11               11
         Nelson Siva (CEO)                                           11               11
         Elmar Toime                                                 11               11
         Andy Preece (appointed 2 May 2019)                           3                3                  1             1
         Lee Eglinton (appointed 29 May 2019)                         2                2		
         (1)
               John McMahon is the board chairman
         (2)
               Andy Preece is the chairman of the audit & risk management committee				


         PRINCIPLE 3 - COMMITTEES
         The Board should use committees where this will enhance its effectiveness ln key areas, while still retaining
         Board responsibility.

         The Board has constituted one standing Committee being the Audit and Risk Committee. Due to the size of the
         Board, matters normally dealt with by remuneration and the nominations committees are dealt with by the full
         Board.
         Committees allow issues requiring detailed consideration to be dealt with separately by members of the Board
         with specialist knowledge and experience, thereby enhancing the efficiency and effectiveness of the Board.
         However, the Board retains ultimate responsibility for the functions of its Committees and determines their
         responsibilities.
         The Audit and Risk Committee meets as required and has terms of reference (a Charter), which was approved
         by the Board as part of the process of migration to the NZX Main Board in May 2019. A copy of the Audit and
         Risk Committee Charter can be found at: http://www.solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/
         Audit_Risk_Charter.pdf
         Minutes of each Committee meeting are forwarded to all members of the Board. The Audit and Risk Committee
         is empowered to seek any information it requires from employees in pursuing its duties and to obtain
         independent legal or other professional advice.
         The membership and performance of the Committee is reviewed annually.
         From time to time, special purpose committees may be formed to review and monitor specific projects with
         senior management.
         As the Board believes that matters of remuneration and nominations are the responsibility of the entire Board,
         SDL does not consider it necessary to comply with recommendations 3.3 and 3.11 of the NZX Corporate
         Governance Code and accordingly does not have a separate remuneration committee or nomination committee.
         The Board will continue to monitor best practice in the governance area and update SDL’s policies to ensure it
         maintains the most appropriate standards.


         Audit and Risk Committee
         The role of the Audit and Risk Committee is to assist the Board in carrying out its responsibilities under the
         Companies Act 1993 and part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 regarding accountancy practices,
         policies and controls relative to the Company’s consolidated financial position and make appropriate enquiry
         into the audits of the Company’s consolidated financial statements. This responsibility includes providing the
         Board with additional assurance about the quality and reliability of the financial information issued publicly by the
         Company. All matters required to be addressed and for which the Committee has responsibility were addressed
         during the 2019 financial year.




| 48 |
A written charter outlines the Audit and Risk Committee’s delegated authority, duties, responsibilities
and relationship with the Board. The Charter is available on the Company’s website at: http://www.
solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Audit_Risk_Charter.pdf
The Committee must be comprised solely of Directors of SDL, have a minimum of three members, two of
whom have a majority of independent Directors and have at least one director with an accounting or financial
background. The makeup of the current members of the Committee complies with this recommendation. The
chair of the Committee cannot be Chair of the Board.
Members as at 30 June 2019 were Andy Preece (Chairman), Lee Eglinton and John McMahon. It met once
during the financial year following its establishment in May 2019.
Management and employees may only attend meetings at the invitation of the committee and the Committee
routinely has Committee only time with the external and internal auditors without management present.


Takeovers
The Board has yet to whether to establish protocols or procedures to be followed in the event of a takeover.
Nonetheless, the Board understands that any such protocols or procedures would involve SDL forming an
independent takeover committee to oversee disclosure and response and engage expert legal and financial
advisors to provide advice on procedural matters affecting any such takeover.


PRINCIPLE 4 –REPORTING & DISCLOSURE
The Board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness and balance
of corporate disclosures.

The Board is committed to keeping shareholders and the market informed of all material information about
the Company and its performance and ensure compliance with legislative requirements and those of the NZX
Listing Rules.
The release of material information is guided by the NZX Listing Rules (and the Listing Rules guidance provided
by NZX).
In addition to all information required by law, SDL also seeks to provide sufficient meaningful information to
ensure stakeholders and investors are well informed, including financial and non-financial information.


Financial Statements
It is the Directors’ responsibility to ensure preparation of consolidated financial statements that present
fairly the financial position of the Group as at the end of the financial year and the results of operations and
cash flows for the year. The external auditors are responsible for expressing an independent opinion on the
consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements set out in this report have been prepared by management in accordance
with generally accepted accounting practice in New Zealand. They are based on appropriate accounting
policies which have been consistently applied and which are supported by reasonable judgements and
estimates.
For the financial year ended 30 June 2019, the directors believe that proper accounting records have been kept
which enable, with reasonable accuracy, the determination of the consolidated financial position of the Group
and facilitate compliance of the financial statements with the Companies Act 1993 and the Financial Markets
Conduct Act 2013.
After reviewing internal management financial reports and budgets the Directors believe that the Group will
continue to be a going concern in the foreseeable future. For this reason, they continue to adopt the going
concern basis in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer have confirmed in writing to the Board that SDL’s external
financial reports are presented fairly in all material aspects.
SDL’s full and half year financial statements are available on the Company/s website at: http://www.
solutiondynamics.com/investor-centre/




                                                                                                                   | 49 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

         Non-financial information
         The Board recognises the importance of non-financial disclosure. Given SDL’s size the Board has elected not
         to comply with recommendation 4.3 of the NZX Corporate Governance Code and has not adopted a formal
         environmental, social and governance (ESG) framework.
         SDL discusses its strategic objectives and its progress against these in the Management Discussion and
         Analysis section of this annual report and at the Annual Meeting.
         SDL is committed to using its resources responsibly and is actively working with its supply chain partners
         to look for opportunities to reduce any negative environmental risk or impact from its business operations,
         products and services.
         The Board encourages diversity and will not knowingly allow SDL to participate in business activities where
         SDL could be complicit in human rights and labour standard abuses.


         PRINCIPLE 5 – REMUNERATION
         The remuneration of Directors and management should be transparent, fair and reasonable.

         The Board promotes the alignment of the interests of the directors, the Chief Executive Officer and
         management with the long-term interests of shareholders. Remuneration policies and structure are reviewed
         regularly to ensure remuneration of management and directors is fair and reasonable in a competitive market
         for the skills, knowledge and experience required by the Company.
         The Board recognises that it is desirable that management (including that for any executive Director)
         remuneration should include an element dependent upon the performance of both the Group and the individual
         and should be clearly differentiated from non-executive Director remuneration.
         Details of Directors and management remuneration and entitlements for the 2019 financial year are set out on
         pages 36, 41 and 51 of the annual report.
         SDL does not have a Remuneration Committee and matters relating to remuneration are dealt with by the full
         Board.


         Directors’ Remuneration
         The total remuneration pool available for Directors is fixed by shareholders. The Board determines the level
         of remuneration paid to Directors from the approved collective pool. Directors also receive reimbursement for
         reasonable travelling, accommodation and other expenses incurred in the course of performing their duties.
         The annual fee pool is $140,000 which was approved by shareholders at the Annual Meeting in October 2015.
         Any proposed increases in non-executive Director fees and remuneration will be put to shareholders for
         approval. If independent advice is sought by the Board, it will be disclosed to shareholders as part of the
         approval process.
         Board Role		                Approved Remuneration
         Chair			$45,000
         Non-executive Director $25,000
         Directors’ remuneration during the year is disclosed in Note 29 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
         Statements.


         Executives’ Remuneration
         Executive remuneration consists of a ﬁxed base salary, incentives and a Share Option Plan. Incentives are
         paid against targets agreed with members of the management team at the commencement of the year and are
         based on earnings and sales targets.
         Executives’ remuneration greater than $100,000 per annum received in their capacity as employees during the
         year is disclosed in Note 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
         Details of the SDL Share Option Plan are detailed in Note 30 to the 2019 Financial Statements.




| 50 |
Chief Executive Officer Remuneration
The review and approval of the Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration is the responsibility of the Board.
The Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration comprises a fixed base salary and bonus paid annually.
The CEO’s remuneration can be summarised as follows:
                                                                                                            (000’s)
Base salary                                                                                                    242
Incentive based on earnings performance (1)                                                                    181
Total on target earnings                                                                                       423
(1)
      This is paid annually in arrears based on Company earnings. No payment will be made for FY2019.


PRINCIPLE 6 – RISK MANAGEMENT
Directors should have a sound understanding of the material risks faced by the issuer and how to manage
them. The Board should regularly verify that the issuer has appropriate processes that identify and manage
potential and material risks.

SDL is committed to proactively managing risk. Whilst risk management, and the Group’s system of internal
controls, is the responsibility of the entire Board, the Audit and Risk Committee assists the Board and provides
additional oversight with regard to the risk management framework and monitoring compliance with that
framework.
The Board monitors the operational and financial aspects of the Group and considers recommendations from
external auditors and advisors on the risks that the Group faces.
The Board ensures that recommendations made are assessed and appropriate action is taken where necessary
to ensure risks are managed appropriately.
The Board’s approach to risk management is incorporated into the Audit and Risk Committee Charter, which
can be found at: http://www.solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Audit_Risk_Charter.pdf
The Board delegates day-to-day management of the risk to the Chief Executive Officer. SDL’s management
team is required to regularly identify the major risks affecting SDL’s business and develop structures, practices
and processes to manage and monitor these risks.
It is the responsibility of the Directors to ensure adequate accounting records are kept. Directors are also
responsible for the Group’s system of internal financial controls.
Internal financial controls have been implemented to minimize the possibility of material misstatement. They
can provide only reasonable assurance and not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss.
No major breakdowns of internal controls were identified during the year.
The Board is satisfied that SDL has in place a risk management process to effectively identify, manage and
monitor SDL’s principal risks.
SDL also maintains insurance policies that it considers adequate to meet its insurable risks.
Key financial and non-financial risks are included in Note 28 to the financial statements.


Health and Safety
The Board recognises that effective management of health and safety is essential for the operation of a
successful business, and its intent is to prevent harm and promote wellbeing for SDL’s employees and
contractors. The Board is responsible for ensuring that the systems used to identify and manage health and
safety risks are fit for purpose, being effectively implemented, regularly reviewed and continuously improved.
SDL has a Health and Safety Charter which is monitored by the management team. Health and Safety reports,
including incident reports, for SDL’s business are included in the compliance section of the Board papers.




                                                                                                                      | 51 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

         PRINCIPLE 7 – AUDITORS
         The Board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit process.

         The Board’s approach to the appointment and oversight of the external auditor are outlined in SDL’s Audit
         and Risk Committee Charter, which can be found at: http://www.solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/
         uploads/2019/05/Audit_Risk_Charter.pdf. Amongst other things, the Charter is designed to ensure that audit
         independence is maintained, both in fact and appearance, so that SDL’s external financial reporting is viewed
         as being highly reliable and credible.
         The Audit and Risk Committee provides additional oversight of the external auditor reviews the quality and cost
         of the audit undertaken by SDL’s external auditors and provides a formal channel of communication between
         the Board, the management team and the external auditors. The Committee also assesses the auditor’s
         independence on an annual basis. These requirements are detailed in the Audit and Risk Committee Charter.
         For the financial year ended 30 June 2019, Grant Thornton continued in their appointment as the external
         auditor for SDL. Grant Thornton has occupied that role since 2009. The last audit partner rotation was in 2016.
         All audit work at SDL is fully separated from any non-audit services, to ensure that appropriate independence is
         maintained. The amount of fees paid to Grant Thornton for audit and other services is identified on page 29 of
         this annual report.
         Grant Thornton has provided the Board with written confirmation that, in their view, they were able to operate
         independently during the financial year.
         Grant Thornton attends the Annual Meeting, and the lead audit partner is available to answer questions from
         shareholders at that meeting. In this capacity, Grant Thornton attended the 2018 annual meeting.
         SDL has a number of internal controls overseen by Audit and Risk Committee, including controls for
         computerised information system, security, business continuity management, insurance, health and safety,
         conflicts of interest, and prevention and identification of fraud. SDL does not have a dedicated Group internal
         auditor role.


         PRINCIPLE 8 – SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS & RELATIONS
         The Board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster constructive relationships with shareholders
         that encourage them to engage with the issuer.

         The Board is committed to open dialogue and to facilitating engagement with shareholders.
         SDL has a calendar of communications for shareholders, including but not limited to:
         •   Annual and Half-Yearly Reports
         •   Market announcements
         •   Annual Meeting
         •   Access to information through the SDL website www.solutiondynamics.com
         SDL Company maintains a comprehensive website which provides access to key corporate governance
         documents, copies of all major announcements and Company reports.
         Shareholders are encouraged to attend the Annual Meeting and may raise matters for discussion at the
         meeting. In accordance with NZX Corporate Governance Code, the Board ensured that the notice of the Annual
         Meeting was posted to SDL’s website as soon as possible and at least 28 days prior to the meeting.
         Shareholders have the ultimate control in corporate governance by voting Directors on or off the Board. Voting
         is by poll, upholding the ‘one share, one vote’ philosophy.
         In accordance with the Companies Act 1993, SDL’s constitution and the NZX Listing Rules, SDL refers major
         decisions which may change the nature of SDL’s business to shareholders for approval.
         All shareholders are given the option to elect to receive electronic communications from SDL. In addition to
         shareholders, SDL has a wide range of stakeholders and maintains open channels of communication for all
         audiences, including shareholders, brokers and the investing community, as well as our staff, suppliers and
         customers.




| 52 |
COMPANY DIRECTORY

Nature of Business
Data management, electronic digital printing, document distribution, web presentment and archiving,
fulfilment, print services, scanning, data entry and document management.



Directors                                               Registered Office and address for service
John McMahon – Non-independent Chairman                 18 Canaveral Drive
Elmar Toime -Independent                                Albany
Julian Beavis - Independent                             AUCKLAND
Andy Preece - Independent
                                                        PO Box 301248
Lee Eglinton - Independent
                                                        Albany
Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam (Nelson Siva) –
                                                        AUCKLAND 0752
Chief Executive Officer
                                                        Tel: +64 (9) 970-7700
Auditor
Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Partnership
                                                        Solution Dynamics (International) Limited
Grant Thornton House
                                                        Lancaster Court, 8 Barnes Wallis Road,
152 Fanshawe Street
                                                        Fareham, PO15 5TU
AUCKLAND
                                                        Hampshire
                                                        UNITED KINGDOM
Bankers
ANZ National Bank Limited
                                                        Tel: +44 1489 668219
Level 20, ANZ Centre
23 - 29 Albert Street
                                                        Solution Dynamics Incorporated
AUCKLAND
                                                        260 Madison Avenue, 8th floor
                                                        New York, New York 10016
Legal Representative
                                                        UNITED STATES of AMERICA
Stephen Layburn
Commercial Barrister
                                                        Tel: +1 (917) 319 5625
Level 3, 175 Queen Street
AUCKLAND
                                                        Déjar International Limited
                                                        18 Canaveral Drive
Share Registry
                                                        Albany
Computershare Investor Services
                                                        AUCKLAND
Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Rd
Takapuna                                                PO Box 301248
AUCKLAND                                                Albany
                                                        AUCKLAND 0752
Private Bag 92119
Auckland Mail Centre
                                                        Tel: +64 (9) 970-7700
AUCKLAND 1142




                                                                                                      | 53 |
| 54 |
SOLUTION DYNAMICS
ON THE WEB
www.solutiondynamics.com
www.dejar.com
www.bremy.com
www.digitaltoprint.com     Jupiter
www.scantech.co.nz




                                     | 55 |
www.solutiondynamics.com
