 _
pwe



  Independent review report
  To the shareholders of The Warehouse Group Limited



  Report on the interim financial statements
  We have reviewed the accompanying interim financial statements of The Warehouse Group Limited
  (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Group) on pages 2 to 15, which comprise the consolidated
  balance sheet as at 26 January 2020, and the consolidated income statement, consolidated statement
  of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
  statement of cash flows for the period ended on that date, and a summary of significant accounting
  policies and selected explanatory notes.

  Directors’ responsibility for the interim financial statements
  The Directors are responsible on behalf of the Company for the preparation and fair presentation of
  these interim financial statements in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 Interim
  Financial Reporting (IAS 34) and New Zealand Equivalent to International Accounting Standard 34
  Interim Financial Reporting (NZ IAS 34) and for such internal control as the Directors determine is
  necessary to enable the preparation of interim financial statements that are free from material
  misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

  Our responsibility
  Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the accompanying interim financial statements based
  on our review. We conducted our review in accordance with the New Zealand Standard on Review
  Engagements 2410 Review of Financial Statements Performed by the Independent Auditor            of the
  Entity (NZ SRE 2410). NZ SRE 2410 requires us to conclude whether anything has come to our
  attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial statements, taken as a whole, are not
  prepared in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34 and NZ IAS 34. As the auditors of the
  Company, NZ SRE 2410 requires that we comply with the ethical requirements relevant to the audit of
  the annual financial statements.

  A review of interim financial statements in accordance with NZ SRE 2410 is a limited assurance
  engagement. The auditor performs procedures, primarily consisting of making enquiries, primarily of
  persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review
  procedures.

  The procedures performed in a review are substantially less than those performed in an audit
  conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) and International
  Standards on Auditing. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion on these interim financial
  statements.

  We are independent of the Group. Our firm carries out other services for the Group in the areas of
  providing treasury related financial markets risk analysis and commentary and agreed upon
  procedures at the Annual Shareholder Meeting. In addition, certain partners and employees of our
  firm may deal with the Group on normal terms within the ordinary course of trading activities of the
  Group. The provision of these other services has not impaired our independence.

  Conclusion
  Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that these interim
  financial statements of the Group do not present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
  of the Group as at 26 January 2020, and its financial performance and cash flows for the period then
  ended, in accordance with IAS 34 and NZ IAS 34.




  T: +64 9 355 8000, F: +64 9 355 8001, pwe.co.nz
 i
pwe



  Who we report to
  This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our review work has been
  undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s shareholders those matters which we are required
  to state to them in our review report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law,
  we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the shareholders, as a body, for our
  review procedures, for this report, or for the conclusion we have formed.



  For and on behalf of:




  Chartered Accountants                                                                      Auckland
  16 March 2020




  PwC
                                                                                                        17
