                                                       ASX Announcement




For personal use only
                    18 August 2022

                                                     Appendix 4E and 2022 Annual Report

                    Attached is a copy of the IPH Limited Appendix 4E and 2022 Annual Report, which this year includes the
                    IPH Limited 2022 Sustainability Report. A printed version of the report will be sent to shareholders who have
                    requested a copy. The report is also available on the Company’s website at www.iphltd.com.au.

                    For more information, please contact:

                    Martin Cole
                    Managing Director
                    Capital Markets Communications
                    T. +61 403 332 977


                    Authorised for release to ASX by:
                    The Board of Directors




                    About IPH Limited

                    IPH is the Asia Pacific’s leading intellectual property services group, comprising a network of member firms working in eight IP
                    jurisdictions and servicing more than 25 countries. The group includes leading IP firms AJ Park, Griffith Hack, Pizzeys and Spruson &
                    Ferguson and online IP services provider Applied Marks. IPH employs more than 900 people working in Australia, China, Hong Kong
                    SAR, Indonesia, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore and Thailand.




                                            IPH ASX Announcement                                                                                   Page 1 of 1
For personal use only
For personal use only
                         iphltd.com.au




For personal use only
                        2022
                        Annual Report
                        Year ended
                        30 June 2022
                    Contents:
                    Annual Report




For personal use only
                    About IPH                                           2

                    FY22 Year in Review                             13

                    Corporate Directory                            24

                    Sustainability Report                          26

                    Directors’ Report                              65

                    Financial Statements                           95

                    Independent Auditor’s Report                 133

                    Shareholder Information                      138




                             iphltd.com.au         2022 Annual Report       1
                    About IPH




For personal use only
                    About IPH
                    IPH is Asia Pacific’s leading intellectual property (IP)   IPH’s vision is to be the leading IP services group in
                    group and was the first IP services group to list on       secondary IP markets and adjacent areas of IP. We
                    the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) in 2014.          service a broad range of clients, including some
                                                                               of the world’s leading companies, multi-nationals,
                    Through the IPH group network, we provide                  universities, public sector research organisations,
                    services for the protection, commercialisation,            foreign associates and other corporate and
                    enforcement and management of all forms of IP              individual clients.
                    including patents, trade marks and designs. We
                    operate in eight IP jurisdictions in the Asia Pacific,     Central to everything we do is a set of core values.
                    servicing more than 25 countries across the region.        These values underpin IPH’s success and assist
                                                                               us to deliver tailored commercial solutions to
                                                                               our clients, empower our people, and create and
                                                                               maintain value for our stakeholders:




                                                                                                            Excellence in
                                 Core values                                                                service delivery to
                                                                                                            our clients




                                                        Innovation in                                       Integrity in
                                                        value creation                                      business practices




                                                        Efficiency and                                      Empowerment
                                                        effectiveness in                                    and engagement
                                                        our operations                                      of our people




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report   2
                                                                                                                                                                                      At a glance

                                                                                                                                                                                      8
                                                                                                                                                                                      IP jurisdictions




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                      900+
                                                                                                                                                                                      Employees1



                                                                                                                                                                                       25+
                                                                                                                                                                                       Countries
                                                                                                                                                                                       serviced




                    N 1                    o                                       Patent group
                                                                                   in Australia, New Zealand and Singapore2



                                                                                   Trade mark group
                                                                                   in Australia and New Zealand3


                    1) Approximate employee numbers as at 30 June 2022.
                    2) Management estimated market share based on local IP office filing data: Australia (FY22 as at 1/8/22), Singapore (CY22 YTD March as at 21/7/22), New Zealand (FY22 as at 4/8/22), Canada (CY21 as at 30/6/22
                    + IPH internal filing data).
                    3) Management estimated market share based on local IP office filing data: Australia (FY22 as at 7/7/22, share of top 50 agents), New Zealand (FY22 as at 5/8/22).




                                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report             3
                                                       The IPH group network
                                                       As at 30 June 2022, IPH operated six brands with over 900
                                                       employees. The IPH group network, comprises leading IP firms
                                                       AJ Park, Griffith Hack, Pizzeys, Spruson & Ferguson and online IP
                                                       services provider Applied Marks. The autonomous timekeeping
                                                       software business, WiseTime, was divested in July 2022. The
                                                       IPH group network firms provide services for the protection,
                                                       commercialisation, enforcement and management of all forms of IP.




For personal use only
                                                       We work in some 20 offices across the Asia Pacific region, including
                                                       in Australia, China, Hong Kong SAR, Indonesia, Malaysia, New
                                                       Zealand, Singapore and Thailand.




                                                       AJ Park, established in 1891, is a premier IP firm operating in Australia,
                                                       New Zealand and the Pacific Islands. With offices in Auckland
                                                       and Wellington, AJ Park acts for a wide range of clients, from
                                                       international agents to government institutions, multinationals and
                                                       major listed companies. As a full-service firm, AJ Park helps these
                                                       clients identify, develop, protect, commercialise, manage, and
                                                       enforce their IP rights in Australia, New Zealand and throughout the
                                                       world. On 16 October 2020, AJ Park successfully acquired Baldwins
                                                       Intellectual Property, giving the business greater depth.




                                                                                                          4
                                                             23                                           Principal
                                                                                                          promotions
                                                             Principals1

                                                                                                          6
                        Year formed
                        1891

                                                                                                          Additional
                        Locations                                                                         promotions
                        Auckland
                        Wellington



                                      Recent recognition and highlights

                                      New Zealand Firm of the Year | Managing IP Asia Pacific Awards 2022

                                      Tier 1: Trade mark prosecution and Trade mark contentious
                                      (New Zealand) | Managing IP Stars 2022

                                      Gold band: Firms (New Zealand) | WTR 1000 2022

                                      Tier 1: Firms (New Zealand) | The Legal 500 2022

                                      IP Specialist Firm of the Year | New Zealand Law Awards 2021
                                                                                                                        1) as at 1 July 2022




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report           4
                                                       Applied Marks is a leading Australian online automated trade mark
                                                       application platform, also providing automated registration and
                                                       intelligence services relating to companies and domain names,
                                                       both directly to customers and through channel partners. Founded
                                                       in 2008, Applied Marks is a leading filer in the Australian trade mark
                                                       market, with a focus on the retail market.




For personal use only
                                                        Recent recognition and highlights      Year formed
                                                        Partnership with LawPath               2008




                                                          Griffith Hack, established in 1904, is one of Australia’s leading
                                                          providers of intellectual property services with offices in
                                                          Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane and Perth. The firm is one of
                                                          Australia’s largest filers of patents and trade marks and provides
                                                          a comprehensive range of domestic and international services
                                                          relating to the protection, management, commercialisation
                                                          and enforcement of IP rights. In May 2022, the business of
                                                          Watermark was integrated into Griffith Hack, strengthening the
                                                          combined businesses’ service offering.




                                                                                                       1
                                                                22                                     Principal
                                                                                                       promotion
                        Year formed                             Principals1
                        1904
                                                                                                       4
                                                                                                       Additional
                        Location                                                                       promotions
                        Brisbane
                        Melbourne
                        Perth
                        Sydney


                                      Recent recognition and highlights

                                      Tier 1: Trade mark prosecution and Tier 3:
                                      Trade mark contentious (Australia) | Managing IP Stars 2022

                                      Patent Contentious Firm of the Year (Australia) | Managing IP Awards 2021

                                      Silver Band: Firms (prosecution and strategy) and Bronze Band: Firms
                                      (enforcement and litigation) (Australia) | WTR 1000 2022

                                      Tier 2: Leading Intellectual Property Firms, Australia | The Legal 500 2022
                                                                                                                    1) as at 1 July 2022




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                           2022 Annual Report           5
                                                        Pizzeys Patent and Trade Mark Attorneys was established in 1981 and
                                                        has offices in Brisbane, Canberra and Singapore. Pizzeys’ business
                                                        is predominantly focused on in-bound work into Australia and
                                                        Singapore from overseas IP associates and direct corporate clients.

                        Year formed
                        1981
                                                                                                        1




For personal use only
                        Locations                            8                                          Principal
                                                                                                        promotions
                        Brisbane                             Principals1
                        Canberra
                        Singapore


                                      Recent recognition and highlights

                                      Tier 3: Patent Prosecution (Australia) | Managing IP Stars 2022

                                      Tier 3: Patent Prosecution (Australia) | Asia IP Patent Rankings 2022




                                                        Spruson & Ferguson Australia established in 1887, is one of
                                                        Australia’s leading IP firms, offering a variety of services for the
                                                        protection, commercialisation, enforcement and management of IP.




                                                                                                       6
                        Year formed
                        1887
                                                             41                                        Principal
                                                                                                       promotions
                                                             Principals1


                        Locations                                                                      5
                        Brisbane                                                                       Additional
                                                                                                       promotions
                        Melbourne
                        Sydney


                                      Recent recognition and highlights

                                      Tier 1: Trade Mark Prosecution (Australia) | Managing IP Stars 2022

                                      Tier 3: Trade Mark Contentious (Australia) | Managing IP Stars 2022

                                      Boutique Firm of the Year | Managing IP Asia Pacific Awards 2021

                                      Gold Band: Prosecution and Strategy (Australia) | WTR 1000 2022

                                      Bronze Band: Enforcement and Litigation (Australia) | WTR 1000 2022

                                                                                                                     1) as at 1 July 2022




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                           2022 Annual Report            6
                                                           Spruson & Ferguson Asia is one of the leading IP firms operating
                                                           throughout the Asia-Pacific region, offering a variety of services
                                                           for the protection, commercialisation, enforcement and
                                                           management of IP.




                                                                                                             2




For personal use only
                        Year formed
                                                                  20                                         Principal
                                                                                                             promotions
                                                                  Principals1


                                                                                                             2
                        1997


                        Locations
                                                                                                             Additional
                        Beijing                                                                              promotions
                        Bangkok
                        Hong Kong
                        Jakarta
                        Kuala Lumpur
                        Singapore



                                       Recent recognition and highlights

                                       Boutique Firm of the Year | Managing IP Asia Pacific Awards 2021

                                       Silver Band: Prosecution and Strategy (China, Singapore) | WTR 1000 2022

                                       Bronze Band: Prosecution and Strategy (Indonesia) | WTR 1000 2022

                                       Highly Recommended: Prosecution (Hong Kong) | IAM Patent 1000 2022

                                       Recommended: Prosecution” (Malaysia) | IAM Patent 1000 2022
                                                                                                                           1) as at 1 July 2022




                    The group acquisition history                               Ferguson brand. By combining the two firms we
                                                                                further extended Spruson & Ferguson’s position as
                    Since listing on the ASX in November 2014, IPH has          the leading IP firm in Australia.
                    grown through a series of strategic acquisitions and
                    integrations to become the largest IP services group        In June 2022, we announced the divestment of
                    in the Asia Pacific region, with a market capitalisation    Practice Insight Pty Ltd, trading as WiseTime, to
                    of approximately $1.7bn.                                    Anaqua Inc. The transaction completed in July 2022.
                    In FY22 we continued to grow and consolidate the            In August 2022, we announced that Canada’s
                    IPH group network.                                          pre-eminent IP agency firm, Smart & Biggar, will
                                                                                be joining our group of leading IP firms. This is a
                    In July 2021, we expanded our digital and trade mark        transformational transaction that extends our
                    capability with the acquisition of Applied Marks Pty        international network beyond Asia Pacific into an
                    Ltd, a leading Australian online automated trade            additional significant secondary market. It also
                    mark application platform.                                  provides a platform for IPH to participate in further
                    In December 2021, we integrated two of our member           growth opportunities. The transaction is subject
                    firms, Shelston IP and Spruson & Ferguson Australia,        to completion which is expected to occur in
                    to create one firm operating under the Spruson &            September 2022.


                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                2022 Annual Report            7
                    Acquisition timeline




For personal use only
                        2022       Aug 2022
                                   IPH announced that Canada’s pre-eminent IP agency firm, Smart & Biggar,
                                   will be joining the IPH group



                                   Jul 2022
                                   Divestment of Practice Insight Pty Ltd, trading as WiseTime to Anaqua Inc.




                        2021
                                   Jul 2021
                                   IPH expands its digital and trade mark capability with the acquisition of Applied Marks



                                   Dec 2021
                                   Integration of IPH member firms Shelston IP and Spruson & Ferguson Australia completed




                        2020
                                   May 2020
                                   Divestment of Glasshouse Advisory R&D tax and EMDG practices to Grant Thornton



                                   Jul 2020
                                   Integration of IPH member firms Watermark and Griffith Hack completed



                                   Sep 2020
                                   IPH firm AJ Park acquires New Zealand IP firm Baldwins IP




                               iphltd.com.au                                                           2022 Annual Report   8
                    Acquisition timeline




For personal use only
                        2019       Aug 2019
                                   IPH acquires Xenith IP Group, including Griffith Hack




                        2018        Jul 2018
                                    Merger of Fisher Adams Kelly Callinans and Cullens with Spruson & Ferguson




                                    Jun 2017
                        2017        Opening of Spruson & Ferguson Melbourne



                                    Oct 2017
                                    IPH acquires AJ Park in New Zealand




                                    Mar 2016
                        2016        Opening of Spruson & Ferguson Indonesia



                                    May 2016
                                    Opening of Spruson & Ferguson Thailand



                                    Jun 2016
                                    IPH acquires Australian IP firm Cullens



                                    Nov 2016
                                    IPH acquires Ella Cheong Hong Kong and Beijing


                               iphltd.com.au                                                        2022 Annual Report   9
                    Acquisition timeline




For personal use only
                                    Apr 2015
                        2015        IPH acquires IP data analysis & software applications businesses
                                    Practice Insight and WiseTime



                                    May 2015
                                    IPH acquires Australian IP firm Fisher Adams Kelly



                                    Sep 2015
                                    IPH acquires Australian IP firm Pizzeys



                                    Nov 2015
                                    IPH firm Fisher Adams Kelly acquires the business of Australian IP firm Callinans




                                    Nov 2014
                        2014        IPH becomes the first IP firm to list on the Australian Securities Exchange,
                                    with Spruson & Ferguson as the founding business




                               iphltd.com.au                                                            2022 Annual Report   10
                        The IPH story                                          Our strategy, which allows us to deliver on our
                                                                               vision, is focused on organic growth, investing in
                        IPH was formed in 2014 with the vision of being the    new international and domestic businesses, and
                        leading IP services group in secondary IP markets.     consolidating these acquisitions. Core to this
                        We are now the number 1 patent group in Australia,     strategy has been our success in acquiring and
                        New Zealand and Singapore and the number 1 trade       integrating firms that share our values, employ
                        mark group in Australia and New Zealand.               highly skilled professionals and that are leaders in
                                                                               the markets they serve.




For personal use only
                   Strategic direction




                                     Organic                                Consolidate                           Growth
                                     growth                                 acquisitions                          step-outs




                        Enablers



                        Robust client                    Targeted service           Focus on our                  Expand service
                        management                       expansion across           people – attract,             offering to
                        programs focused                 Asia Pacific               motivate and retain           Australian and
                        on delivering the                                                                         New Zealand
                        highest levels of                                                                         companies
                        client service




                                         iphltd.com.au                                                             2022 Annual Report   11
                    The IPH brand
                    At IPH, we use the combined power of our group          IPH to invest in technology, tools and resources to
                    network to build the capabilities of our people and     enhance our service offering and provide our clients
                    our member firms to create benefit and value for all    and our people with smarter ways of working.
                    of our stakeholders. We call it the network effect.
                                                                            As the network evolves, we will continue to invest in
                    IPH’s commitment to continuous improvement means        building the capabilities of member firms and their
                    that we are continually looking to shape new ways of    people to enhance performance and open up new




For personal use only
                    working in IP services. The scale of our group allows   opportunities for growth.




                    The Network Effect

                                                                                   Smarter working
                                                                 IPH is at the forefront of the future of
                                                                work and continuously finding smarter
                                                                               ways to operate its firms.




                    Combined power
                    IPH brings together a
                    portfolio of member firms
                    supported by a leading
                    infrastructure that makes
                    accessing international
                    markets more streamlined
                    for clients.




                                                                                                            Enabling growth
                                                                                                            IPH enables people and
                                                                                                            member firms to build greater
                                                                                                            capability and enhance
                                                                                                            performance.




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report   12
For personal use only




                          FY22


                 Year in Review
                    Chairman’s Report




For personal use only
                    I am pleased to present my first report as Chairman     On an Underlying basis, the Company reported
                    of IPH Limited (IPH).                                   a strong uplift in earnings with Underlying NPAT
                                                                            increasing by 14 per cent to $86.7 million and
                    Since joining the Company as a Non-executive            Underlying EBITDA up by 11 per cent to $137.4 million.
                    Director in November 2021, and my appointment as
                    Chairman on 28 February 2022, I have been greatly       The Directors declared a final dividend of 16 cents
                    impressed by the calibre of people, the strong and      per share, 50 per cent franked, bringing the full
                    enduring relationships our businesses have with our     year dividend to 30.5 cents per share, compared to
                    clients and the opportunities we have to leverage       29.5 cents per share for the prior year. The full year
                    our platform to deliver further growth and greater      dividend is in line with the Board’s dividend policy to
                    value creation for shareholders.                        pay 80 to 90 per cent of cash NPAT as dividends.

                    I wish to acknowledge the significant contribution of   More detail on our financial results is contained within
                    my predecessor as Chairman, Richard Grellman AM.        the CEO’s Report and Operating and Financial Review
                                                                            in the Directors’ Report.
                    Richard was the Company’s inaugural Chairman
                    from IPH’s successful listing in November 2014
                    to February 2022 and presided over a period of          Update on Strategy
                    substantial growth and significant value creation       Our vision remains clear and consistent; to be the
                    for shareholders. On behalf of the Board and            leading IP services group in secondary IP markets
                    shareholders, I wish to acknowledge and thank           and adjacent areas of IP.
                    Richard for his contribution and wish him every
                    continued success.                                      We continued to make progress on our strategy
                                                                            during the year, leveraging our strong network across
                                                                            the region to deliver organic growth, while continuing
                    FY22 Results                                            to extract synergies from business integrations.
                    IPH reported a Statutory Net Profit After Tax (NPAT)
                    of $52.6 million for FY22 compared to $53.6 million     We continued to expand our client offering and
                    for the prior year. Diluted Earnings Per Share was      increase referrals from our member firms to expand
                    24.0 cents, down 3 per cent on the prior year.          our reach. This has resulted in an increase in new case
                                                                            referrals into our Asian hubs, up 4.5% for the year.
                    The Group’s statutory results include the negative
                    impact of the non-cash write-down of the intangible     We successfully completed the integration of
                    value of the Shelston IP brand of $4.6 million          Spruson & Ferguson Australia and Shelston IP in
                    following its integration with Spruson & Ferguson       December 2021. This integration has resulted in
                    Australia and the $2.2m write-down of the Practice      Spruson & Ferguson further extending its position
                    Insight business which was divested in July 2022.       as the leading IP firm in Australia.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                              2022 Annual Report   14
                    The acquisition and integration of Applied Marks            We look forward to welcoming the employees of
                    has enabled the creation of our Digital Services            Smart & Biggar to group.
                    function which is focused on harnessing digital
                    expertise and software tools to generate growth
                    and efficiencies for our teams and clients in each of       Sustainability
                    the regions in which we operate.                            IPH remains committed to sustainability and has
                                                                                continued to work closely with our stakeholders to
                    Through the course of the year the management               ensure we drive positive change and sustainable
                    team has invested significant effort in the




For personal use only
                                                                                outcomes. We provide detailed information on this
                    Company’s systems and technology infrastructure.            in the Sustainability section of this report, including
                    The initial aim of this investment was to have all our      reporting against a number of GRI Sustainability
                    member firms operating on the same up to date               Reporting Standards and UN Sustainable
                    versions of the same systems. This investment will          Development Goals, highlighting the Group’s
                    be ongoing with the aim of providing our clients            contribution to sustainability in a global context.
                    with the best possible service. It is also aimed at
                    equipping our staff with systems to provide them            With a growing focus on Environmental, Social
                    with the most satisfying work environment and the           and Governance (ESG), in FY22 IPH engaged
                    Company with the most efficient and lowest risk             sustainability specialists, Republic of Everyone,
                    operating systems and processes. The Board is               to review the Group’s ESG strategy and to advise
                    pleased with the results of this investment to date.        and assist with its update. This program of work is
                                                                                expected to complete in Q1 FY23 and will provide
                    More recently, we announced a significant step in           a refreshed and aligned approach to sustainability
                    the implementation of our strategy with Canada’s            across the group in FY23 and for our future.
                    leading intellectual property (IP) agency firm, Smart
                    & Biggar, to join IPH.                                      Importantly, the strategy will include measurable
                                                                                targets and programs against our identified material
                    Smart & Biggar is one of Canada’s preeminent IP             topics, including the ongoing assessment of climate
                    firms, with more than 300 employees located in              change risk and opportunities across our business.
                    multiple offices across Canada. Smart & Biggar is a
                    full service IP firm with a client base including Fortune   Further details of our strategy will be made available
                    500 companies and large multinational corporations,         on our website.
                    research institutions, SMEs, start-ups and Canadian
                    entrepreneurs. They will become the first Canadian
                    IP firm to join a publicly listed IP group.                 Conclusion
                                                                                I would like to acknowledge the Company’s
                    This is a transformational transaction that extends
                                                                                Managing Director and CEO, Dr Andrew Blattman,
                    IPH’s international network beyond Asia Pacific into
                                                                                his leadership team, and all our people across the
                    an additional significant secondary IP market. It also
                                                                                IPH Group for their dedication and efforts in FY22.
                    provides a platform for IPH to participate in further
                    growth opportunities.                                       Our team can be justifiably proud of their
                                                                                achievements during the year in delivering a strong
                    The acquisition will be funded by IPH’s debt facilities
                                                                                financial result while continuing the significant
                    and the issuance of IPH shares to the vendors.
                                                                                progress in implementing our strategic agenda.
                    Following the transaction IPH will remain in a strong
                    financial position with a pro forma group leverage          I would also like to thank you, our shareholders, for
                    ratio of below 2 times (net debt/EBITDA). I refer           your ongoing support of IPH.
                    you to our separate announcement for detailed
                    information on this exciting development.
                                                                                Kind regards,

                                                                                Peter




                                                                                                  Peter Warne
                                                                                        Non-executive Chairman
                                                                                                    IPH Limited




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                                2022 Annual Report   15
                        Financial Highlights




For personal use only
                           Revenue                                                        Operating Cashflow

                           AUD$               385.1m                                      AUD$       94.9m




                            EBITDA 1                                                      Earnings Per Share 2

                            AUD$              115.9m                                      24.0c




                            NPAT                                                          Full Year Dividend

                            AUD$               52.6m                                      30.5c




                        1) Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation
                        2) Diluted Earnings Per Share




                                                           iphltd.com.au                                         2022 Annual Report   16
                    CEO’s Report




For personal use only
                    IPH continued to leverage its leading IP network across      Market Conditions
                    Asia Pacific to deliver a strong financial result in FY22.
                                                                                 In Singapore, IPH group maintained our number one
                    We also further strengthened our strategic                   patent market share of 21.9% for the period ending
                    platform to put the Company in a very strong                 31 March 2022.
                    position to continue to deliver earnings growth and
                    enhanced shareholder returns for the future.                 Outside of Singapore, IPH experienced patent
                                                                                 filing growth of 9.4% across our Asian jurisdictions
                    This includes the announcement that Canada’s leading         in FY22, with growth across all key jurisdictions
                    IP agency firm, Smart and Biggar will be joining the IPH     (except Hong Kong SAR). We continue to deliver
                    group, which extends our reach beyond Asia Pacific           double-digit filing growth in China with filings
                    and places the Company as one of the largest IP              increasing by 15.3%.
                    services groups in secondary IP markets.
                                                                                 The integration of Spruson & Ferguson Australia and
                                                                                 Shelston IP, plus significantly reduced filings by the
                    FY22 Results                                                 largest filer in the Australian market, impacted IPH
                                                                                 group’s total patent filings in FY22. IPH group filings
                    On an Underlying basis, the Company reported
                                                                                 in Australia (ex innovation patents) declined by 0.6%
                    a strong uplift in earnings with Underlying NPAT
                                                                                 for FY22. If filings from this client were removed
                    increasing by 14% to $86.7 million and Underlying
                                                                                 from IPH and the market, IPH filings increased 1.7%
                    EBITDA up by 11% to $137.4 million. Underlying like-for-
                                                                                 compared to a market increase of 7.0%.
                    like EBITDA margin increased from 34.2% to 35.7%.
                                                                                 IPH remains the market leader in Australia with
                    Underlying earnings were assisted by organic
                                                                                 combined group patent market share (excluding
                    growth, particularly in our Asian business, together
                                                                                 innovation patents) of 34% for the year to 30 June 2022.
                    with a currency benefit as a result of the lower A$/
                    US$ compared to the prior year.
                                                                                 Strategic Progress
                    On a like-for-like basis (which removes the impact
                    of acquisitions and the effect of foreign exchange           IPH’s strategy remains focused on organic growth,
                    movements) IPH reported a 2% lift in both revenue            consolidating acquisitions and pursuing growth
                    and Underlying EBITDA.                                       step-out opportunities. During FY22 we made
                                                                                 considerable progress in each of these areas.
                    Our Asian business delivered double-digit revenue
                    and earnings growth on a like-for-like basis with            We have accelerated our growth strategy and
                    revenue and EBITDA increasing by 10%.                        extended our reach beyond Asia Pacific with the
                                                                                 announcement that Canada’s leading IP agency
                    Like-for-like revenue in IPH’s Australian and New            firm, Smart and Biggar will join IPH.
                    Zealand IP businesses decreased by 1%. However,
                    the successful integration of Spruson & Ferguson             Smart & Biggar is a full service IP firm with a client
                    Australia and Shelston IP in December 2021 and               base including Fortune 500 companies and large
                    the delivery of cost synergies assisted to deliver a         multinational corporations, research institutions,
                    1% growth in Underlying like-for-like EBITDA with            SMEs, start-ups and Canadian entrepreneurs. They
                    a corresponding increase in Underlying EBITDA                will become the first Canadian IP firm to join a
                    margin from 33.8% to 34.5%.                                  publicly listed IP group.




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                                  2022 Annual Report   17
                    This transaction extends IPH’s international                We continue to invest in the future of the IP profession
                    network into an additional significant secondary IP         and supported more than 40 trainees to complete their
                    market and will also provide a platform for IPH to          Master of IP and become registered attorneys.
                    participate in further growth opportunities.

                    The transaction is expected to be underlying EPS            In the community
                    accretive at approximately 10% in the first full            IPH is committed to supporting the communities
                    year of ownership and is expected to complete in            in which we operate. In 2022, we were proud to
                    September 2022.




For personal use only
                                                                                announce a flagship community partnership with
                    We continued to leverage our leading network in IP          Australian not-for-profit organisation the Beacon
                    jurisdictions across the Asia Pacific region with an 4.5%   Foundation. The partnership is the first-of-its-kind
                    increase in case referrals leading to organic growth.       for IPH, with the group committing $500,000 over
                                                                                a five-year period to support Beacon Foundation
                    The integration of Spruson & Ferguson Australia             in fulfilling its mission of improving educational and
                    and Shelston IP is delivering synergies as planned          employment outcomes for young Australians. An
                    and following some short term disruption is well            important part of this partnership is the volunteering
                    placed to grow its position as a leading IP firm in         opportunities it will provide for people to support
                    this market.                                                one of the many programs run by Beacon. With
                                                                                IPH’s strong footprint in the Asia Pacific, we
                    Our acquisition and integration of Applied Marks            are exploring similar opportunities to support
                    has enabled the creation of our Digital Services            communities in New Zealand and Asia.
                    function which is focused on harnessing digital
                    expertise and software tools to generate growth
                    and efficiencies for our teams and clients in each of       Summary
                    the regions in which we operate.                            IPH has made substantial progress on its growth
                                                                                strategy. As a result, we are uniquely placed as one
                    Focus on people                                             of the largest IP services groups in secondary IP
                                                                                markets to consolidate and grow our business in
                    We continue to focus on attracting, motivating,             our key markets.
                    developing, and retaining our people across the group.
                                                                                I want to acknowledge and thank all our people across
                    FY22 was another record year for promotions for             IPH for their hard work and dedication in the delivery
                    the IPH group with 31 promotions across all our             of this strong platform for growth. I would also like
                    member firms, including 14 Principal appointments           to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support
                    (including a 50% increase in female Principal               and assure you of the Company’s continued focus on
                    appointments from FY21).                                    generating further shareholder value creation.



                                                                                Kind regards,

                                                                                Andrew




                                                                                        Dr Andrew Blattman
                                                                                  CEO and Managing Director
                                                                                                IPH Limited




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                                2022 Annual Report   18
                    The IPH Board of Directors




For personal use only
                    The IPH Board from left to right: Robin Low, Dr. Andrew Blattman, Peter Warne, Jingmin Qian and John Atkin.




                                                 iphltd.com.au                                                                    2022 Annual Report   19
For personal use only
                    Peter Warne                                                              Dr Andrew Blattman

                    Non-executive Director and                                               Chief Executive Officer and
                    Chairman                                                                 Managing Director
                    BA (Actuarial Studies), FAICD                                            BScAgr (Hons 1), PhD, GraDipIP
                    Peter has been a Non-executive      Peter has previously served as a     Andrew was appointed as Chief
                    Director of IPH since 2021          Non-executive Chairman of ALE        Executive Officer and Managing
                    and Chairman since February         Property Group from 2003 to          Director of IPH in November 2017.
                    2022. He brings to the roles an     2017, and OzForex Group Limited
                    extensive knowledge of, and         (now trading as OFX Limited)         Andrew has nearly 30 years’
                    experience in, financial services   from 2013 to 2016. He also served    experience in the intellectual
                    and investment banking, gained      as a Non-executive Director of       property profession, having
                    through a number of senior          Macquarie Group Limited and          joined IPH Group member firm
                    roles at Bankers Trust Australia    Macquarie Bank Limited from          Spruson & Ferguson in 1995. He
                    Limited, including as head of its   2007 to 2022, including the          was appointed as a Principal in
                    Global Financial Markets Group      period from 2016 to 2022 as          1999 and served as CEO from
                    from 1988 to 1999.                  Chairman. He was a Director          2015 to 2017, during which time
                                                        of New South Wales Treasury          the firm significantly expanded its
                    Peter was a Director of the         Corporation from 2012 until          footprints in both the Australian
                    Sydney Futures Exchange (SFE)       2020, where he also served as        and Asia IP markets, opening
                    from 1990 to 1999, and from         Chairman from 2019 to 2020.          new offices in Melbourne, Beijing,
                    2000 to 2006, and served as                                              Hong Kong SAR, Jakarta and
                    its Deputy Chairman from 1995       In addition to his role on the IPH   Bangkok.
                    to 1999. When the SFE merged        Board, Peter is Non-executive
                    with the Australian Securities      Chairman of St Andrews               Since Spruson & Ferguson’s
                    Exchange (ASX Limited) in July      Cathedral School Foundation, a       incorporation and the listing of
                    2006, he became a Director of       board member of international        IPH on the ASX in 2014, Andrew
                    ASX Limited, a position he held     law firm Allens and NSW Net Zero     has played a key role in the
                    until 2020.                         Emissions and Clean Economy          development and growth of
                                                        Board, and a member of the           the IPH Group. He has a deep
                                                        ASIC Corporate Governance            knowledge and understanding
                                                        Consultative Panel.                  of the IPH business and the
                                                                                             environment in which the
                                                                                             company operates.

                                                                                             Andrew is on the Board of St
                                                                                             Paul’s College Foundation.




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                           2022 Annual Report   20
For personal use only
                    John Atkin                          Robin Low                             Jingmin Qian

                    Independent Non-executive           Independent Non-executive             Independent Non-executive
                    Director                            Director                              Director
                    LLB (1st Class Hons), BA (Pure      BCom, FCA                             BEc, MBA, CFA, FAICD
                    Mathematics) (1st Class Hons)
                                                        Robin was appointed as a Non-         Jingmin was appointed as a Non-
                    John was appointed as a Non-        executive Director in September       executive Director in April 2019.
                    executive Director in September     2014.
                    2014.                                                                     Jingmin is a Director of Abacus
                                                        In addition to her role on the        Property Group and Club Plus
                    He is Chairman of the Australian    IPH Board, Robin is a Director        Super, a member of Macquarie
                    Institute of Company Directors      of ASX listed companies: AUB          University Council, a Director
                    and Qantas Superannuation           Group Limited, Appen Limited          of the Australia China Business
                    Limited, as well as a Non-          and Marley Spoon AG. She is           Council, and Chairwoman of
                    executive Director of Integral      also on the boards of Australian      the Foundation for Australian
                    Diagnostics Limited. He served      Reinsurance Pool Corporation,         Studies in China. She is also a
                    as Chairman of Outward Bound        Gordian Runoff Limited/Enstar         senior advisor to leading global
                    Australia for over 12 years and     Australia Holdings Pty Ltd (part of   and Australian organisations and
                    has been the Vice Chairman of       the NASDAQ listed Enstar Group),      Director of Jing Meridian Advisory
                    Outward Bound International         Guide Dogs NSW/ACT and the            Pty Ltd.
                    since 2017. John is also a former   Sax Institute. Robin is a member
                    Director of Commonwealth            of the University of New South        Jingmin previously held senior
                    Bank Officers Superannuation        Wales audit committee.                roles with L.E.K. Consulting,
                    Corporation Pty Limited.                                                  Boral Limited, and Leighton
                                                        She is a former Non-executive         Holdings. She brings a broad
                    John was CEO & Managing             Director of CSG Limited               range of commercial experience
                    Director of The Trust Company       and former Deputy Chair of            covering strategy, mergers and
                    Limited from 2009-2013 prior        the Auditing and Assurance            acquisitions, capital planning,
                    to its successful merger with       Standards Board. Robin was with       investment review and Asian
                    Perpetual Limited.. A former        PricewaterhouseCoopers for 28         expansion to her role on the IPH
                    lawyer, he was Managing Partner     years, including as a Partner from    Board.
                    and Chief Executive of Blake        1996 to 2013, specialising in audit
                    Dawson from 2002-2008 and           and risk.
                    also practiced at Mallesons
                    Stephen Jaques (as it was
                    then known) as a Mergers &
                    Acquisitions Partner for 15 years
                    from 1987-2002.




                                                                                                         Note: Executives’ profiles as at August 2022.




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                                 2022 Annual Report             21
                    The IPH Executive
                    Leadership Team




For personal use only
                    Philip Heuzenroeder                     John Wadley                           John O’Shea

                    Group General Counsel &                 Chief Financial Officer               Chief Operating Officer
                    Company Secretary                       B.Bus (Accounting & Finance),         BEc, MBA, GAICD
                    BEc, LLB, LLM, GAICD                    ICAA                                  John has been IPH’s COO
                    (Order of Merit)                                                              since 2018.
                                                            John has been IPH’s Chief
                    Philip has been Group General           Financial Officer since 2016.
                    Counsel and Company Secretary                                                 In his role, John works with the
                    of IPH since 2016.                      As CFO John is responsible for        Managing Directors of the Group’s
                                                            financial management of the           member firms to ensure business
                    Prior to joining the IPH Executive      Group, including internal and         strategy and key business
                    Leadership Team, he was a               external reporting to the ASX and     initiatives are identified, developed
                    Principal of member firm Spruson        IPH shareholders. The Finance         and delivered in a way that
                    & Ferguson for over 12 years.           team is also responsible for the      supports commercial outcomes.
                                                            treasury, taxation, budgeting and     In his time with IPH, John has
                    Philip has nearly 30 years’             forecasting functions.                also had responsibility for the
                    experience as a solicitor and                                                 consolidation of acquisitions and
                    governance professional, both in        John is a qualified accountant.       their integration into the Group.
                    private practice and in-house. His      Prior to joining IPH he was Group
                    expertise covers a broad range of       Financial Controller at IT services   John has an extensive
                    areas of law including commercial       firm SAI Global, having previously    background in senior executive
                    law, competition law, ICT,              spent seven years in audit at         roles having international,
                    intellectual property and litigation.   firms Ernst & Young and Arthur        regional and Australian
                                                            Andersen.                             experience in his time as both a
                    Philip is a former Director of the                                            partner in KPMG Australia and as
                    Cure Brain Cancer Foundation.                                                 Global Chief Marketing Officer
                                                                                                  for KPMG International. Prior
                                                                                                  to professional services John
                                                                                                  held senior roles in banking,
                                                                                                  funds management and
                                                                                                  superannuation.




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report   22
For personal use only
                    Cath Harris                          Tee Tan                               Halina Kochanowicz

                    Chief People Officer                 Chief Information Officer             Chief Commercial Officer
                    BA (Hons), Masters of Human          BE (Computing) (Hons), MBA            Licentiate in Law, MBA
                    Resources and Organisational
                                                         Tee joined IPH in 2018 and is the     Halina joined IPH in 2021 as the
                    Development
                                                         company’s Chief Information           company’s Chief Commercial
                    Cath joined IPH as Chief People      Officer.                              Officer.
                    Officer in 2020.
                                                         Tee is responsible for ensuring       She is responsible for business
                    In her role as Chief People          that information technology           development, sales, marketing
                    Officer, Cath works with the         investments and operations in all     and communications.
                    leadership and people teams          IPH Group companies are aligned
                    to align HR strategy to set and      with the Group’s strategic            A former lawyer, Halina has
                    execute the Group’s business         business objectives. His role         more than 20 years’ experience
                    strategy. She is responsible         includes overseeing IT and digital    working as a marketing
                    for talent attraction and            strategy, executive leadership        professional in Europe, Brazil,
                    management, policy design            and team development,                 New York and Sydney. She has
                    and implementation, employee         technology roadmap, IT                worked primarily in the legal
                    relations, reward and recognition,   operations, project delivery and      industry for both international
                    performance management,              information security.                 and leading Australian firms.
                    building leadership capability
                                                         Tee has more than 20 years’ of        Before joining IPH as the Chief
                    and creating a great working
                                                         experience, previously working in     Commercial Officer, Halina
                    atmosphere.
                                                         various senior IT roles, mainly in    worked for Elevate and set up
                    She has over 20 years’               the financial services industry. He   Elevate Flex in Australia. Prior to
                    experience working in senior HR      has an extensive IT background,       that she was the CMO at Corrs
                    roles in professional services       specialising in systems               Chambers Westgarth, Australia’s
                    firms including roles leading        architecture with a proven track      leading independent law firm.
                    HR functions for Dentons and         record in championing flexible
                                                                                               Halina is fluent in six languages
                    Slater & Gordon, and media           and scalable solutions and
                                                                                               and is a passionate advocate for
                    organisations Foxtel and Sky         solving complex organisational
                                                                                               kids with ASD.
                    Broadcasting in Australia and        problems.
                    the UK respectively. Cath has
                    particular expertise in partnering
                    with business leaders to shape
                    strategy, build performance and
                    create growth for their people.




                                                                                                          Note: Executives’ profiles as at August 2022.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                 2022 Annual Report            23
For personal use only




                 Corporate

                 Directory
                    Corporate Directory




For personal use only
                    Directors                           Mr Peter Warne - Chairman
                                                        Dr Andrew Blattman
                                                        Mr John Atkin
                                                        Ms Robin Low
                                                        Ms Jingmin Qian


                    Company Secretary                   Mr Philip Heuzenroeder


                    Notice of Annual                    IPH will hold its 2022 Annual General Meeting
                    General Meeting                     on Thursday 17 November 2022.


                    Registered office                   Level 22, Tower 2, Darling Park
                                                        201 Sussex Street, Sydney NSW 2000

                                                        Tel: 02 9393 0301
                                                        Fax: 02 9261 5486


                    Principal place of business         Level 22, Tower 2, Darling Park
                                                        201 Sussex Street, Sydney NSW 2000


                    Share register                      Link Market Services Limited
                                                        Level 12, 680 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000
                                                        Tel: 1300 554 474


                    Auditor                             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                        Level 9, Grosvenor Place
                                                        225 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000


                    Solicitors                          Watson Mangioni Lawyers Pty Limited
                                                        Level 23, 85 Castlereagh Street, Sydney NSW 2000


                    Stock exchange listing              IPH Limited shares are listed on the
                                                        Australian Securities Exchange (ASX code: IPH)


                    Website                             www.iphltd.com.au


                    Corporate Governance Statement      The Corporate Governance Statement has been
                                                        approved by the Board of Directors and can be
                                                        found at www.iphltd.com.au




                                        iphltd.com.au                                         2022 Annual Report   25
For personal use only




                 Sustainability

                       Report
                    Contents:
                    Sustainability Report




For personal use only
                    Our achievements                                                28

                    Our approach to sustainability                                  30

                    Materiality and stakeholder engagement                          32

                    Our people                                                      35
                    Governance, risk, privacy & data protection                     48

                    Client and customer experience & satisfaction                   53

                    Acting responsibly                                              55

                    Looking ahead to FY23                                           64




                             iphltd.com.au                          2022 Annual Report   27
                        Our achievements


                             31              promotions




For personal use only
                                             across the group




                              14              Principal
                                              appointments




                              50 %                   increase in women
                                                     promoted to Principal
                                                     from FY21




                             140
                              leaders participated in the IPH
                              People Leadership Excellence
                              Program since inception in FY21




                               12
                                                   employee referrals
                                                   via our new employee
                                                   referral program




                              95+
                                                   professional
                                                   staff received
                                                   industry awards


                             iphltd.com.au                                2022 Annual Report   28
                        AUD
                                           $500k




For personal use only
                                         committed to a 5-year partnership
                                         with Beacon Foundation




                        AUD
                                          $260k+
                                           to support more than 40 trainees
                                           to complete their Master of IP




                        1,100           hours of content delivered through
                                        our IPH Professional Development
                                        Workshops launched in May 2022




                        18%
                                                reduction in
                                                scope 2
                                                emissions in ANZ




                           233                                 new
                                                               hires


                        iphltd.com.au                                    2022 Annual Report   29
                    Our approach
                    to sustainability




For personal use only
                        At IPH, maintaining a business that supports           We continue to work with clients to secure IP
                        the economy, society and the environment is            protection of and commercialise new technologies,
                        fundamental to how we operate.                         inventions, designs and innovations. We also
                                                                               continue to work to support the communities in
                        Our approach is underpinned by our core values         which we operate, and to support causes that drive
                        and informed by our understanding of the               positive social change.
                        importance of resilient and sustainable business
                        practices to help achieve a more sustainable future.   In FY22, we introduced our Group Community
                        IPH’s approach to sustainability is set out in more    Program initiative to increase collaboration among
                        detail in this Report.                                 our member firms and maximise our impact in
                                                                               support of identified United Nations Sustainable
                        Our firms provide services to industries including     Development Goals (UNSDGs). See the section
                        pharmaceutical, engineering, aerospace,                titled “Acting Responsibly” for further information
                        healthcare, food and beverage, life sciences,          on the economic value distributed by the group
                        agriculture, biotechnology, ICT and fintech that       during FY22.
                        enable industry participants to protect and sustain
                        their investment in innovation and continue to
                        pursue further commercial development.




                                          iphltd.com.au                                                           2022 Annual Report   30
                        Contribution to UN Sustainable
                        Development Goals
                        IPH supports the UNSDGs, which are
                        designed to be a blueprint to achieve a
                        better and more sustainable future for all.
                        IPH has identified the following UNSDGs




For personal use only
                        as being those in relation to which we have
                        the biggest impact, and which are most
                        relevant to our business strategy:

                                                                                      The group promotes full and productive
                                                                                      employment and decent work for all our
                                                                                      employees. We contribute to the growth
                                                                                      of economies by our own economic
                                                                                      activity, including the creation of value for
                                                       The group promotes             our shareholders and other stakeholders
                                                       a diverse workforce            and by our support of appropriate
                                                       with an inclusive              protection for innovation and the
                                                       culture.                       resulting economic activity.




                                                                                      The group invests in community
                                                                                      initiatives, including volunteering,
                                                                                      donations and community partnerships,
                                                                                      and promotes the benefits of
                                                                                      innovation for communities.


                                      The group encourages
                                      investment in research and
                                      development and supports
                                      innovation through the IP
                                      and related services it offers
                                      clients.




                                                                       The group has established a community partnership
                                                                       with Australian not-for-profit organisation Beacon
                                                                       Foundation. We’ve committed $500,000 over a five-
                                                                       year period to support Beacon Foundation in fulfilling
                                                                       its mission of improving educational and employment
                                                                       outcomes for young Australians.




                                 The group actively participates in the IP ecosystem by providing
                                 IP services to clients, interaction with and support of government
                                 IP regulatory authorities, and via utilisation and support of
                                 international frameworks and treaties for the protection of IP.
                                 The group supports the building and maintaining of effective and
                                 accessible institutions at all levels.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                  2022 Annual Report   31
                    Materiality and
                    stakeholder engagement




For personal use only
                    Our Material Topics                                      Given the two-pronged nature of the materiality
                                                                             principle which includes assessing the influence
                    IPH is exposed to multiple risks that may have an        of risks and opportunities on our stakeholders, our
                    impact on the company’s ability to achieve its           Material Topics differ somewhat from the material
                    operational, financial and strategic objectives.         risks disclosed in the Directors’ Report (and in our
                    Material risks faced by the IPH group are disclosed in   Corporate Governance Statement). In particular,
                    the Directors’ Report and also addressed in the IPH      while IPH does not consider that it has any material
                    2022 Corporate Governance Statement.                     exposure to environmental risks (see our Corporate
                    In this Sustainability Report, we report on the          Governance Statement), we do report on climate
                    material risks and opportunities for the IPH group       change risks and opportunities below as part of the
                    that have economic, environmental and social             Material Topic “Acting responsibly”. This is because
                    impacts, and therefore influence the assessments         IPH appreciates the importance and relevance of
                    and decisions of our stakeholders. We refer to           this issue to our stakeholders.
                    these as “Material Topics”.                              Following the materiality assessment undertaken by
                    During FY22, members of IPH’s management team            members of IPH’s management team, four Material
                    undertook a materiality assessment to identify the       Topics were identified as set out below:
                    Material Topics set out below. Management considered
                    materiality in light of the “materiality principle”
                    articulated in GRI Standard 101: Foundation 2016.


                        Material                                         Key stakeholders                     Relevant section
                        Topic                                            impacted                             in this Report

                    Our People, including:                               Our people; shareholders and                       Page 35
                    » health, safety and security of employees;          the investment community.
                    » employee engagement and motivation; and
                    » diversity.

                    Governance, risk, privacy and                        Government and regulators;                         Page 48
                    data protection                                      Australian Securities Exchange;
                                                                         our people; clients and
                                                                         customers; shareholders and the
                                                                         investment community.

                    Client and customer experience                       Clients and customers;                             Page 53
                    and satisfaction                                     shareholders and the investment
                                                                         community.

                    Acting responsibly, including:                       Clients and customers;                             Page 55
                    » climate-related issues and                         government and regulators;
                        environmental initiatives;                       our people; shareholders and
                                                                         the investment community;
                    » community impact; and
                                                                         communities.
                    » financial contribution.



                                       iphltd.com.au                                                            2022 Annual Report   32
                    Our Stakeholders                                      Our key stakeholders are considered to be those
                                                                          that are affected by, or have the ability to effect,
                    IPH engages with a broad range of stakeholders,       the IPH group, together with stakeholders that are
                    who are an essential part of our operations.          interested in the IPH group.
                    Planning and engagement with stakeholders
                    is a key element of effective risk management.        IPH is committed to engaging openly, honestly
                    Stakeholder engagement is also an important part      and regularly with our stakeholders to understand
                    of the materiality assessment referred to above.      their expectations and concerns. The method and
                                                                          frequency of engagement varies depending on the




For personal use only
                                                                          stakeholder, the purpose of engagement and the
                                                                          stakeholder’s issues of concern.

                                                                          IPH’s key stakeholders can be identified as follows:


                        Stakeholder      Why is this a key                Method of
                        group            stakeholder group?               engagement

                    Our people           As a professional services       We engage with our people through engagement
                                         business, our people are         surveys, presentations, internal learning and
                                         critical to our success. We      development, training sessions, reviews,
                                         have a strong commitment         performance development sessions and
                                         to creating a dynamic            succession planning.
                                         workplace where our people
                                         are supported to reach their
                                         personal and career goals.

                    Shareholders         IPH has a range of investors     IPH engages regularly with its shareholders and the
                    and the              with different interests and     investment community, guided by our Continuous
                    investment           concerns. We are committed       Disclosure and Investor Relations Policy. IPH
                    community            to providing information to      communicates information on the group’s activities
                                         shareholders and the market      to shareholders and the public via a number of
                                         in a timely manner, which        forums and channels including our Annual General
                                         assists in promoting investor    Meeting, announcements to the ASX, investor
                                         confidence in the integrity of   presentations, meetings with investors, analysts and
                                         the group.                       proxy advisers, releases to the media, the release of
                                                                          financial and other reports, our website including an
                                                                          enquiry tool and publication of all announcements,
                                                                          and the membership and participation of directors
                                                                          and senior management in a range of professional
                                                                          governance bodies and interaction in other forums.




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                           2022 Annual Report   33
                        Stakeholder      Why is this a key                     Method of
                        group            stakeholder group?                    engagement

                    Clients and          The group has a diverse               IPH member firms have ongoing dialogue
                    customers            client base including some            with their clients and customers, including
                                         of the world’s leading                via meetings, phone calls and written
                                         companies, multi-nationals,           communications, and through client surveys.




For personal use only
                                         universities, public sector
                                         research organisations,
                                         foreign associates and other
                                         corporate and individual
                                         clients. We assist our clients
                                         by helping to protect their
                                         IP, including their research,
                                         inventions, trade marks,
                                         brands, designs and other
                                         innovations.

                    Suppliers            IPH has a diverse supply              IPH and its member firms have ongoing
                                         chain. IPH and its member             engagement with our suppliers in the course of
                                         firms are dependent on                the supply relationship. We have recently rolled out
                                         our suppliers to assist the           and are implementing a Supplier Code of Conduct
                                         group in the provision of             for all new suppliers. This sets out the standards
                                         professional services.                and behaviours expected from suppliers when
                                                                               conducting business with the group and this will
                                                                               continue to be refined. We also work with our
                                                                               suppliers to ensure compliance with legislation,
                                                                               including the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth).

                    Government           IPH operates in a highly              To ensure we monitor and comply with regulatory
                    and regulators       regulated environment                 and professional obligations, IPH and its member
                                         as an Australian listed               firms engage directly with relevant regulatory and
                                         entity, and in the operation          government bodies as required.
                                         of our professional
                                         services businesses. Our
                                         IP professional staff are
                                         governed by codes of
                                         conduct and professional
                                         conduct rules for patent and
                                         trade mark attorneys and
                                         legal practitioners. IPH and its
                                         member firms are committed
                                         to maintaining the highest
                                         standards in our activities.

                    Communities          IPH recognises our                    IPH and its member firms engage with our local
                                         responsibility to act                 communities, via professional memberships and
                                         appropriately within the              contributions, and by giving and volunteering
                                         communities in which we               initiatives. IPH makes a significant financial
                                         operate. We do this in our            contribution to our communities by the creation
                                         interaction with all of the           of economic activity with our suppliers and
                                         stakeholders outlined above.          customers, provision of employment, and creation
                                         Our commitment extends                and distribution of value for shareholders.
                                         to our engagement with our
                                         profession and our community
                                         and charitable initiatives


                    In the following sections of our Sustainability Report,
                    we address in more detail each of the “Material Topics”.


                                      iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report   34
                    Our people




For personal use only
                    IPH is committed to developing our talent
                    and providing a positive employee experience
                    across the group. Since consolidating our
                                                                              Our workforce in FY22
                                                                              As at 30 June 2022, IPH employed more than 900
                    human resource (HR) capability into one team              people across our member firms serving over 25
                    in FY21, we’ve continued to make group-scale              countries. The following tables show our workforce
                    investments in people systems and tools. This has         by contract type, employment type and region
                    had a positive impact in delivering a consistent          across the group. We have also included data on
                    employee experience approach across the group.            new hires. This material references Disclosure 401-1
                    Our investments in our HR capability, systems             from GRI 401: Employment 2016.
                    and tools are further outlined in this Report, and
                    highlight future opportunities and initiatives to build
                    capability among our people across all jurisdictions.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                             2022 Annual Report   35
                        Total number of permanent employees




                                                                   Full Time             Part Time




For personal use only
                                                                                                 11
                                                                               283
                                                                                Males
                                                                                                Males




                                                                     549
                                                                     Females
                                                                                             79
                                                                                            Females




                                                                           Total             Total

                                                                           832               90



                        Total number of employees by contract type




                                                              Number of                  Number of
                                                            permanent staff             contract staff



                                                                              294                     7
                                                                                                     Males
                                                                               Males




                                                                   628                       15
                                                                                            Females
                                                                   Females




                                                                           Total             Total

                                                                           922               22



                        Approximate employee numbers as at 30 June 2022.




                                                  iphltd.com.au                                              2022 Annual Report   36
                        Workforce by region

                                                                                      947
                                                                                      Total*




                                            New Zealand      Singapore
                                            Total   205      Total   129




For personal use only
                                                                                      Thailand
                                                                                      Total   10
                                                                                      Indonesia
                                                                                      Total   20
                                                                                      China
                                                                                      Total   45

                                                                                      Hong Kong SAR
                                                                                      Total   37
                                                                                      Malaysia
                                                                                      Total   33
                                                                                      Australia
                                                                                      Total   468
                                                                             * Includes all permanent, contract and casual employees.




                        New hires for FY22

                                                                                                  233
                                                                                                  Total*




                              Australia                                                           New Zealand
                              Total   113                                                         Total   46

                                                                                                  Asia
                                                                                                  Total   74




                                      13%
                                                          staff turnover
                                                          across the group
                                                          in FY22                                            Note: Voluntary departures only.




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                       2022 Annual Report           37
For personal use only
                    Health, safety and security of employees               Over the FY22 period, we have delivered several
                                                                           initiatives to support health and wellbeing, including
                    We are committed to providing a safe work              but not limited to:
                    environment and flexible work options that
                    support diverse individual, team and geographic        »   Mental health sessions – these include
                    circumstances. Over the FY21 and FY22 period,              participation in RU OK? Day a national initiative
                    we have had a significant focus on supporting              driven by an Australian non-profit suicide
                    flexible working arrangements, mental health               prevention organisation; and a session focused
                    and wellbeing, and providing management with               on managing uncertainty due to the global
                    resources to drive staff engagement.                       pandemic. More than 500 group employees in
                                                                               total participated in these events.
                    Health and wellbeing                                   »   Counselling services – via Assure, the provision
                    Our partnership with Assure, an enterprise-wide            of a comprehensive range of content and access
                    Employee Assistance Provider (EAP) continues               to free professional and confidential counselling
                    to provide benefits and enable the provision of            services to employees and their immediate family
                    comprehensive employee support and wellbeing               members. The annual utilisation rate for FY22 is
                    services. This includes the introduction of a              8.67%, an increase of 2.67% on FY21 utilisation
                    resource to support and engage our people during           rates. In addition, all staff now have access to the
                    extended periods of lockdown and across hybrid             Assure app on their mobile phones.
                    working models as a result of COVID-19. Resources
                                                                           »   Mindfulness programs – establishing a part-
                    are available to all staff via our Wellbeing Gateway
                                                                               nership with Smiling Mind, a non-for-profit web
                    application and on our Intranet. Resources include
                                                                               and app-based mindfulness and meditation
                    virtual seminars and information regarding mental
                                                                               organisation. Smiling Mind delivered mindfulness
                    health and wellbeing, financial management,
                                                                               workshops to leaders and employees to support
                    understanding fatigue and impacts of uncertainty
                                                                               mental health and resilience.
                    on children.




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                              2022 Annual Report   38
For personal use only
                    »   Member firm initiatives - our member firms        While we continue to implement best practice
                        also facilitate numerous wellbeing initiatives    COVID measures, our focus has turned to employee
                        including flu vaccinations programs, health       engagement levels and safe return to work initiatives
                        insurance benefits and wellbeing incentives.      whilst supporting flexible working arrangements.

                    »   Community-based initiatives - including the
                        group-wide involvement in STEPtember 2021,        Hybrid Working Policy revisions
                        with 233 employees participating to raise         We have further revised our existing Hybrid
                        $29,070 to improve the lives of people with       Working Policy to support our people and their
                        cerebral palsy. This figure was matched by IPH,   diverse working arrangements. The majority of our
                        resulting in a total contribution of $57,871.     workforce has elected to and is supported to work
                                                                          in a blended model. Across the group:
                    COVID response & employee                             »   80% of employees in Spruson & Ferguson’s
                    reengagement                                              Australian offices are engaged in a hybrid
                    The IPH COVID Response Team continues to                  working arrangement
                    coordinate activities across the group to support
                                                                          »   A 2 days in / 3 days out hybrid working agreement
                    the varying needs and situations of our employees
                                                                              has been introduced in Spruson & Ferguson’s
                    across the regions in which we operate. This
                                                                              Singapore office, utilised by all employees
                    includes ensuring COVID-safe plans, including the
                    group COVID Policy and COVID response plans for       »   96% of Griffith Hack employees are engaged in
                    each member firm remain in place and are followed.        a hybrid working arrangement

                                                                          »   99.05% of AJ Park employees are engaged in a
                                                                              hybrid working arrangement

                                                                          »   56% of IPH and IPH Services employees are
                                                                              engaged in a hybrid working arrangement




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                          2022 Annual Report   39
For personal use only
                        IPH Limited raises                                           In 2005, Cerebral Palsy Alliance established a Research
                                                                                     Foundation to fund Australian and international research

                        $57,871 for people with                                      to find a prevention and cure for cerebral palsy. The
                                                                                     Foundation is also committed to improving the quality of

                        cerebral palsy
                                                                                     life of people with cerebral palsy by funding research into
                                                                                     improving early diagnosis which can reduce the long-
                                                                                     term impact of the disability, treatments and technology
                        IPH participated in STEPtember 2021, Australia’s             innovations.
                        leading virtual health and wellness fundraising
                        challenge dedicated to raising funds for people living       STEPtember fundraising is turbo-charging this research and
                        with cerebral palsy. A total of 233 employees took a         has been a major contributing factor in reducing the rate of
                        combined 65-million equivalent steps to raise over           cerebral palsy in Australia by 30%.
                        $29,070. IPH matched this, making an equivalent
                        donation to the Cerebral Palsy Alliance, contributing        “Your people have been able to do something
                        a total of $57,871 for people with cerebral palsy. IPH
                        placed 38th overall for fundraising out of over 2,500
                                                                                     very special for children and adults living with
                        organisations who participated in the event.                 cerebral palsy – Australia’s most common
                                                                                     childhood physical disability and the fifth
                        Cerebral Palsy Alliance provides annual support for more
                        than 6,500 people living with cerebral palsy - a condition   highest cause of death in childhood. Events
                        that affects more than 17 million people around the world.   like STEPtember ensure we can help babies,
                                                                                     children, teenagers and adults living with CP
                                                                                     reach their full potential and lead the most
                                                                                     independent and inclusive lives possible.”
                                                                                     Rob White
                                                                                     CEO
                                                                                     Cerebral Palsy Alliance



                                          iphltd.com.au                                                                          2022 Annual Report   40
                    Employee engagement and motivation                       Leadership – confidence in leadership,
                                                                             transparency and clear communication and
                                                                             commitment to people as fundamental to the
                    Engagement surveys
                                                                             organisation’s success. Results demonstrated
                    We are committed to offering the best possible           an uplift in staff satisfaction relating to leaders
                    employee experience for our people. In 2020,             providing useful feedback regarding performance,
                    we launched a partnership with Culture Amp to            acting as a great role model for employees, and
                    facilitate regular employee engagement surveys           showing genuine interest in the career aspirations




For personal use only
                    and to track engagement within each of our               of their staff.
                    member firms. Annual surveys are conducted
                    both at a group level and within each member             Work / life blend – genuine support for flexible
                    firm, providing insights on staff satisfaction and       work arrangements and a balanced work/life
                    importantly highlighting areas which we can focus        approach. Results demonstrated an uplift in staff
                    on to enhance our employee experience.                   satisfaction relating to staff feeling genuinely
                                                                             supported when making use of flexible working
                    Based on results and feedback from our 2021              arrangements, and confidence in their ability to
                    surveys, we introduced several initiatives to drive      take time out from work when needed.
                    employee engagement and satisfaction. Our
                    FY22 employee engagement survey highlights the           Management - commitment to employee
                    positive impacts of these, specifically group-wide       wellbeing and providing open lines of feedback and
                    improvements across the following key themes:            communication. Results demonstrated an uplift in staff
                                                                             satisfaction relating to senior leaders keeping people
                                                                             informed about what’s happening across the business.

                                                                             Looking to FY23, we have identified three pillars
                                                                             as focus areas for addressing feedback provided
                                                                             in our latest engagement surveys, which were
                                                                             conducted in March 2022:



                    IPH Engagement Pillars
                    What IPH will be focussed upon to improve the Employee Experience:




                    Employee Value                         Recognition                          Remuneration
                    Proposition                            Program                              and Benefits
                    Work with our employees to             Roll out a platform that             Align employee remuneration
                    develop a shared vision that is        enables us to reward                 and benefits to the extensive
                    motivating and relatable.              employees for their efforts          benchmark data we have
                                                           and celebrate successes              collected to ensure role
                                                           big and small.                       responsibility, remuneration
                                                                                                and benefits are aligned.




                              14       iphltd.com.au
                                                       Principal
                                                       appointments            6Female 8Male
                                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report   41
For personal use only
                    Professional development                                 Leadership Excellence Program – In FY22, we
                                                                             have put an additional 75 leaders through our
                    Professional development initiatives in FY22 have        bespoke People Leadership Excellence Program.
                    included further investment in developing our            Since launching the program in FY21, more than
                    talent and organisational capability, supporting         140 leaders have completed the course. Due to the
                    our objectives to be an employer of choice. This         success of this program, in FY22 we launched a
                    material references Disclosure 404-2 from GRI 403:       Principal Excellence Program, specifically tailored
                    Training and Education 2016.                             for our most senior leaders. Already, 16 Principals
                    Group Professional Development Program –                 from across our member firms have completed
                    The program supports a group-wide approach               the program and we look forward to continuing
                    to delivering training content, collateral and           to roll this out to our Principal cohort, in particular
                    shared knowledge to professionals across our             targeting newly appointed Principals.
                    member firms. A working group consisting of              Capability Framework - IPH’s capability framework
                    representatives from each firm collaborates to           was launched in February 2022 and provides a
                    identify development sessions that align with            defined career pathway for those entering the
                    priority areas including across legal and jurisdiction   profession as a trainee all the way through to
                    frameworks, process and case laws, developments          Practice Group Leader. The framework is already
                    across Practice Groups, and more general areas           being used to support recruitment, talent and
                    such as communication and time management.               succession planning, and the design and delivery
                    Since launching in May 2022, we have delivered over      of development programs for our Practice Group
                    1,100 hours of continuous professional education to      Leaders, Principals and Senior Associates.
                    nearly 300 staff working in our member firms.




                                     140
                                                                  leaders participated in the
                                                                  People Leadership Excellence
                                                                  Program since FY21

                                       iphltd.com.au                                                              2022 Annual Report   42
For personal use only
                        IPH People Leadership                                            “Rather than being an off-the-shelf program,
                                                                                         the Principal Excellence Program was very
                        Excellence Program                                               much tailored to the needs of people at my
                                                                                         level and took a holistic approach in giving
                        Dr Toby Thompson is a Principal at Griffith Hack                 guidance on all aspects of the role. Having a
                        working in Patents within the ChemLife group and one
                        of our Principals who participated in our Principal              mixture of articles designed to get us thinking,
                        Excellence Program (PEP), launched in FY22.                      coupled with worked scenarios to go through
                        Designed to help upskill our Principals, the PEP supports        in teams during the sessions was a good way to
                        collaboration and drives greater consistency in our              maximise what we got out of the experience.”
                        leadership capability across the group.
                                                                                         Dr Toby Thompson
                        The PEP also helps reinforces areas our Principals need
                        to focus on to strengthen the business and achieve wider         Principal, Griffith Hack
                        group objectives. In talking about his experience and the
                        highlights of the PEP, Toby said, “I really enjoyed having the
                        opportunity to take part in the program. The guidance from
                        Mark Priede and the other speakers was extremely helpful,
                        as was having the opportunity to reflect on the ways in
                        which I work, and to get views from other Principals on the
                        program, particularly those from other practice groups and
                        other firms within the IPH group.”




                                           iphltd.com.au                                                                    2022 Annual Report   43
For personal use only
                    Learning & Development Academies – Our member             Promotions and Employee Incentive Plan
                    firms have also invested in local training initiatives,   (EIP) participation
                    facilitated by their Learning and Development
                    academies. Member firms have also invested in             IPH announced 31 promotions across member firms
                    developing senior practitioners to coach and              AJ Park, Griffith Hack, Pizzeys and Spruson & Ferguson
                    mentor those in more junior roles to support their        in FY22. This included 14 Principal appointments; a
                    professional development.                                 record number for the group in recent years and
                                                                              three more than appointed off the back of a record
                    Financial support for study – Across the group,           year in 2021. Of these, six of the Principals promoted
                    member firms invested a combined total of over            were women, a 50% increase on FY21.
                    AU$260,000 supporting around 40 trainees to
                    complete their Masters in Intellectual Property,          In FY22, 178 eligible staff participated in our (EIP),
                    enabling them to become registered attorneys.             and we were able to achieve 55.2% of awards, or
                                                                              approximately A$4.5million in cash incentives and
                    The Hub - The Hub was rolled out at the end of FY21,      shares of the same value, through the program. In
                    enabling all employees to complete a self-assessment      addition to the cash elements of the incentive plan,
                    as part of our annual performance review process.         our EIP enables eligible employees receiving awards
                    People Leaders use The Hub to capture the outcomes        in the plan to become shareholders in IPH, thereby
                    of end of year performance conversations and set          sharing in its success.
                    objectives for employees. Employees can then view
                    feedback in the months following review and track
                    progress throughout the year.                             Employee referral program
                                                                              Our group-wide employee referral program provides
                    The Dome - Launched in July 2021, the Intranet
                                                                              an attractive benefit to staff within our Australian
                    provides our employees access to training
                                                                              businesses who refer potential candidates who are
                    resources, learning and development resources,
                                                                              then successfully recruited into that business. Since
                    opportunities across the group, and latest group
                                                                              we introduced the program in September 2021, 12
                    news and information.
                                                                              employees have participated, and we have made
                                                                              AU$37,000 in payments. Eight employees have
                                                                              received payment to date and the four outstanding
                                                                              payments will be made post 1 July 2022.




                                        12                 employee referrals via our new
                                                           Employee Referral Program




                                                AUD
                                                                      $260k+
                                                to support more than 40 staff to
                                                complete their Master of IP
                                       iphltd.com.au                                                              2022 Annual Report   44
                    Diversity
                                                                                                        In FY22, the Board adopted a measurable objective
                    Inclusion and diversity remain fundamental to                                       of at least 30% representation of women for IPH
                    building a strong culture and attracting key                                        directors, and in Senior Executive/Principal roles.
                    talent. We also aim to support the communities                                      This target was in line with our FY21 objective of 30%
                    in which we operate through activity such as our                                    female representation. As highlighted in the table
                    participation in Wear It Purple Day in August 2021.                                 below we (exceeded our target across each category).
                    Wear It Purple is a youth-led initiative to raise
                    awareness and support safe, empowering and                                          This material references Disclosure 405-1 from GRI




For personal use only
                    inclusive environments for rainbow young people.                                    405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016.



                        Participation in EIP program



                                                                                                                                            FY20
                                                                                                                                            Total   185
                                 FY22
                                 Total   178


                                                                                                                                            FY21
                                                                                                                                            Total   189




                        The following table shows the representation
                        of women across the IPH Group. This material
                        references Disclosure 405-1 of GRI 405: Diversity
                        and Equal Opportunity 2016.




                                           Board of                                            Senior Executive1                       Across
                                           Directors                                           & Principal roles                     the Group




                               40%
                               Females
                                                                                             34%
                                                                                             Females
                                                                                                                                             33%
                                                                                                                                              Males

                                                                                                                              67%
                                                       60%
                                                        Males
                                                                                                       66%
                                                                                                        Males
                                                                                                                              Females




                        1) A senior executive is a person who is a member of the Company’s
                        group leadership team, comprising the Company’s senior executive
                        team and leaders of the group’s principal business units.




                                                    iphltd.com.au                                                                           2022 Annual Report   45
                    Our Diversity Policy outlines other strategies in place to cultivate a diverse workforce. We are pleased to
                    provide a recap on what we introduced and achieved against some of these strategies in FY22.


                        Diversity strategy (as outlined      What we have done in FY22
                        in our Diversity Policy)


                    Taking steps to attract, retain and      »   Establishing a careers page on the group intranet




For personal use only
                    motivate well qualified employees,
                    Senior Executives and Board              »   Launching a group recruitment policy that requires all roles to be
                    members from a diverse pool of               advertised internally before going to third party providers
                    candidates
                                                             »   Launching an employee referral program rewarding staff with a
                                                                 cash bonus when they refer a new employee to the group (payable
                                                                 on successful completion of probation)

                                                             »   Continuing to embed hybrid working through the group and rolling
                                                                 out in Asia

                                                             »   Developing and launching a new Principal Excellence Program to
                                                                 support the transition to leadership for newly appointed Principals

                                                             »   Continuing to enhance our offering of online programs to support
                                                                 the roll out of technology and onboard new employees

                    Develop a broader pool of skilled        »   Continuing to roll out the IPH People Leadership Excellence Program
                    and experienced employees,
                    Senior Executives and Board              »   Launch of People Leader Connect sessions for People
                    candidates, including workplace              Leadership excellence alumni to practice and apply their
                    development programs                         learning on a quarterly basis

                                                             »   Development and launch of the Business Development
                                                                 Excellence Program

                                                             »   Launch of the Smiling Mind Mindfulness Program and various
                                                                 other employee mental health awareness sessions

                                                             »   Launch of a professional development curriculum for fee
                                                                 earning staff

                                                             »   Continued opportunities for knowledge sharing sessions and
                                                                 in-house tutorials through our learning academies

                                                             »   Continued financial support of our Trainee Attorneys across our
                                                                 member firms through the completion of the Masters in Intellectual
                                                                 Property to enable them to become registered attorneys

                    Taking action against                    »   Deployment of risk and compliance training for all new starters
                    inappropriate workplace                      across the group
                    behaviours including
                    discrimination, harassment,
                    vilification and victimisation

                    Recognising that employees               »   Revising the Hybrid Working Policy to provide greater
                    (female and male) may have                   flexibility to support them balancing workplace and domestic
                    domestic responsibilities and                responsibilities
                    providing workplace flexibility that
                    will assist them to meet those
                    responsibilities




                                          iphltd.com.au                                                              2022 Annual Report   46
                    Parental leave                                             caregivers with up to three weeks of paid parental
                                                                               or adoption leave. In addition to this, the policy
                    Our Paid Parental Leave Policy was introduced for          now recognises employees who have been with
                    Australian staff in 2021, supporting primary care givers   the group for a minimum of one year (and less
                    with 12 weeks paid leave and secondary care givers         than 2 years), who will now be entitled to eight
                    with two weeks paid leave. The policy is available to      weeks of paid leave. In recognising that the path to
                    birth parents and adoptive parents and covers special      parenthood is not always straightforward, we have
                    leave for pregnancy related illness and birth related      also introduced additional paid leave entitlements
                    complications. In New Zealand, a similar policy is in




For personal use only
                                                                               for miscarriage or loss of a child on top of existing
                    place which allows for 12 weeks paid parental leave for    leave entitlements mandated by the government.
                    primary care givers, while in Asia the policy provides
                    for eight weeks paid parental leave.                       The following table shows the uptake of parental
                                                                               leave within our group businesses for the period 1
                    As at 1 July 2022, the policy was updated to               July 2021 to 30 June 2022. This material references
                    support primary care givers with up to 18 weeks            Disclosure 401-3 from GRI 401: Employment 2016.
                    of paid parental or adoption leave and secondary


                                                                                   Parental                 Return to work
                                                                                   leave taken              when leave ends

                                                                                   Male       Female        Male          Female*

                    AJ Park                                                        0          6             0             3

                    IPH                                                            1          4             1             2

                    Griffith Hack                                                  1          4             1             2

                    Pizzeys                                                        0          1             0             1

                    Spruson & Ferguson (Australia)                                 1          8             1             2

                    Spruson & Ferguson (Asia)                                      2          6             2             5

                    * Excludes those not yet returned from leave.




                                                 iphltd.com.au                                                     2022 Annual Report   47
                    Governance, risk, privacy
                    and data protection




For personal use only
                    Corporate Governance Framework                         Governance Policies
                    IPH remains committed to high standards of             IPH seeks to maintain the highest standards of
                    corporate governance to ensure the long-               governance in the conduct of its activities and
                    term sustainability of its business, including to      continually seeks out ways to strengthen its
                    deliver value to its stakeholders. Our corporate       governance of the group.
                    governance framework includes policies and
                    practices which help to ensure that IPH manages        The success of the group is underpinned by a
                    risk effectively, maintains appropriate transparency   number of core values, which are set out in IPH’s
                    of its operations and drives successful outcomes       Statement of Values, available on the IPH website.
                    across the group. This summary should be read          The values set out in the Statement of Values are
                    in conjunction with our Corporate Governance           inculcated across the group and supported by the
                    Statement, which has been lodged with the ASX          standards and behaviours set out in IPH’s Code of
                    and is available on our website.                       Ethics and Professional Conduct, also available on
                                                                           the IPH website.

                    The IPH Board                                          These policies assist IPH to maintain its reputation
                                                                           and standing in the community as an ethical business,
                    The IPH Board is responsible for establishing a        which is important to IPH’s ongoing success.
                    corporate governance structure aimed at creating
                    and protecting shareholder value.                      In addition to the Statement of Values and Code
                                                                           of Ethics and Professional Conduct, IPH has a
                    The Board is also responsible for setting the          number of other corporate policies, which further
                    strategic direction of the group and monitoring        strengthen its corporate governance framework.
                    the implementation of that strategy by IPH
                    management.                                            IPH’s suite of corporate governance policies are
                                                                           available on the IPH website and listed below:
                    Board Committees                                       »   Statement of Values
                    The IPH Board has established the following            »   Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct
                    committees to assist in managing its various
                    responsibilities:                                      »   Continuous Disclosure and Investor Relations Policy
                    »   Audit Committee                                    »   Share Trading Policy
                    »   Nominations and Remuneration Committee             »   Diversity Policy
                    »   Risk Committee                                     »   Hedging and Margin Loan Policy
                    The members of each of these committees are            »   Risk Management Policy
                    listed in the Directors’ Report and the charter for
                    each committee is available on the IPH website.        »   Whistleblower Policy

                                                                           »   Anti-Bribery Policy

                                                                           »   Sanctions Policy

                                                                           »   Supplier Code of Conduct

                                                                           »   Privacy Policy




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                            2022 Annual Report   48
For personal use only
                    During FY21 and FY22, IPH has been pleased to         Anti-Corruption
                    comply with all recommendations of the 4th
                                                                          IPH and its member firms are committed to doing
                    Edition of the Corporate Governance Principles and
                                                                          business in an ethical and honest manner and
                    Recommendations.
                                                                          we take a zero-tolerance approach to bribery
                                                                          and corruption. IPH is committed to acting
                    Training                                              professionally, fairly and with integrity in all its
                                                                          business dealings and relationships and strives
                    During FY21, IPH delivered online training courses
                                                                          to implement and enforce effective systems to
                    covering key corporate governance policies to
                                                                          counter corruption.
                    staff across the group. A number of online training
                    courses were provided to all officers and employees   As noted above, IPH has implemented an Anti-
                    across the group, including with respect to the       Bribery Policy, which applies across the group.
                    following policies:                                   During FY21, an online training course covering the
                                                                          IPH Anti-Bribery Policy was rolled out to all officers
                    »   Statement of Values
                                                                          and employees across the group. During FY22,
                    »   Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct           this same training course was made available to all
                                                                          new officers and employees across the group. This
                    »   Whistleblower Policy                              material references Disclosure 205-2 from GRI 205:
                                                                          Anti-Corruption 2016.
                    »   Anti-Bribery Policy
                                                                          IPH did not record any incidents of corruption in
                    During FY22, online training courses were made
                                                                          the 2022 financial year. This material references
                    available to all new officers and employees across
                                                                          Disclosure 205-3 of GRI 205: Anti- Corruption 2016.
                    the group.

                    Online training was also provided to relevant         Anti-Competitive Behaviour
                    officers and employees across the group on the
                    following policies:                                   IPH supports fair and vigorous competition and
                                                                          operates in a manner consistent with relevant anti-
                    »   Share Trading Policy                              competition, anti-trust and monopoly legislation.
                                                                          During FY22, IPH was not identified as a participant
                    »   Sanctions Policy                                  in any pending or completed legal actions
                                                                          regarding anti-competitive behaviour or violations
                    IPH intends to provide regular “refresher” training
                                                                          of anti-trust and monopoly legislation. This material
                    on all of all these policies regularly.
                                                                          references Disclosure 206-1 of GRI 206: Anti-
                                                                          Competitive Behaviour 2016.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                           2022 Annual Report   49
                    Modern Slavery and the Supplier Code of Conduct           As part of the updated risk management
                                                                              framework, the Board reviewed and approved a Risk
                    In FY22, IPH continued to undertake activities to
                                                                              Appetite Statement. The Risk Appetite Statement
                    address and remediate modern slavery risks within
                                                                              is designed to support and inform Board and
                    its business and supply chains in compliance with
                                                                              management decision-making and will be reviewed
                    the Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth).
                                                                              at least annually to ensure ongoing alignment with
                    IPH published its first Modern Slavery Statement
                                                                              strategic objectives.
                    in December 2020, its second Modern Slavery
                    Statement in December 2021 and will publish its           In addition to this review and receiving regular




For personal use only
                    Modern Slavery Statement for FY22 later this year.        reports on these and other key financial, operational
                                                                              and compliance risks, the Board reviews IPH’s risk
                    During FY21, IPH introduced the IPH Group Supplier
                                                                              management framework annually. The Board’s
                    Code of Conduct to IPH and its member firms. The
                                                                              annual review of IPH’s risk management framework
                    Supplier Code of Conduct outlines the standards and
                                                                              in FY22 concluded that the framework is sound and
                    behaviours IPH and its group businesses expect from
                                                                              IPH continues to operate with due regard to the risk
                    their suppliers when conducting business with the
                                                                              appetite set by the Board.
                    group. The Supplier Code of Conduct is an important
                    element in the group’s commitment to ethical and          IPH’s Risk Committee comprises of at least three
                    socially responsible procurement and has been             independent non-executive directors and is chaired
                    adhered to in FY22.                                       by an independent non-executive director who is
                                                                              not Chairman of IPH. The Committee’s Charter is
                    Risk                                                      available on the IPH website.

                                                                              During FY22, as part of the implementation of the
                    Risk Management                                           revised risk management framework, IPH engaged
                    We recognise that a robust risk management                KPMG to onboard the group onto KPMG’s IBM Open
                    framework is critical for the effective management        Pages enterprise governance risk and compliance
                    of our business. During FY21, IPH undertook a             (GRC) management software solution known as
                    detailed review of its risk management framework          “Risk Hub”. The Risk Hub software solution went live
                    as part of its internal audit program and, as a result,   in the first half of 2022, which now enables the group
                    adopted an updated risk management framework.             to manage risk via a customised GRC online solution.

                    Implementation of the updated risk management             Material Risks
                    framework across the group commenced in FY21
                    and was completed during FY22. The updated                The Operating and Financial Review (OFR) section
                    risk management framework aims to identify and            of the Directors’ Report includes a summary of
                    manage potential risks in a continuous, proactive         material risks faced by IPH which may have an
                    and systematic way through high quality risk              impact on IPH’s ability to achieve its operational,
                    management policies and processes across the              financial and strategic targets. This summary also
                    group. IPH’s revised Risk Management Policy is            contains details regarding our approach to the
                    available on the IPH website.                             management of such risks. IPH’s approach to
                                                                              identifying the Material Topics reported on in this
                                                                              Sustainability Report is set out in the section titled
                                                                              “Materiality and Stakeholder Engagement”.




                                     24/7
                                       iphltd.com.au
                                                                         system & network
                                                                         monitoring
                                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report   50
For personal use only
                    Privacy and data protection                            During FY22, we have continued to improve and add
                                                                           new security measures. Some of the initiatives include:
                    Overview                                               »   Our systems and network are subject to
                    IPH provides services to a significant number              enhanced monitoring 24/7 for any suspicious
                    of clients and interacts with a range of external          events and alerts are generated to notify of any
                    contractors, suppliers and private and public sector       such events
                    companies, as well as having a large number of
                    employees. We therefore take IT security and the       »   All data in motion is encrypted using the
                    protection of data and information very seriously.         industry standard encryption protocol

                    IPH has developed a multi-year roadmap with            »   We have implemented strict and improved
                    a program of work focusing on information                  systems access control to prevent unauthorised
                    and systems security and continues to invest in            access to our systems and data (with clear
                    system and security enhancements. We have                  segregation of duties)
                    also introduced a series of security awareness         »   We have implemented an improved change
                    training modules to educate our staff on the threat        control process to ensure our live/ production
                    of cyber security. IPH also undertook a review of          environment is protected
                    cybersecurity as part of its internal audit program.
                    We have measured our security posture using            »   All firewalls and servers are subject to frequent
                    industry standard NIST framework and we have set           patching with the latest updates
                    targets to continuously raise the bar every year.
                                                                           »   Multi-factor authentication has been
                                                                               implemented for all staff




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                             2022 Annual Report   51
For personal use only
                        »   Intrusion detection and alerts have been               We recognise security is a key building block of the
                            configured on our Microsoft 365 tenancy                IPH future systems architecture and we continually
                                                                                   seek to improve and optimise our system security in
                        »   All major systems access has been reviewed regularly   the ever-changing cyber security environment.
                        »   A security incident response process has been
                            established                                            Privacy

                        »   We have established zero trust posture (i.e. all       Our approach to privacy and how we collect, use,
                            external network traffic is not trusted by default)    manage, and disclose personal information is
                                                                                   outlined in our Privacy Policy, available on the IPH
                        »   We have performed regular penetration tests            website. This policy was updated in December 2020
                            on a yearly basis                                      to further enhance our approach to privacy. We
                                                                                   also have an established internal data breach policy
                        »   Additional group security policies have been           and procedure in place across the group. During
                            published to govern new security measures and          the 2021 and 2022 financial years, an online training
                            protocols                                              course covering the IPH Group Notifiable Data
                        »   We have performed regular vulnerability scans          Breaches Policy was rolled out to relevant officers
                            on our network to identify potential threats           and employees.

                        »   Critical system patches are applied promptly to        In FY22, IPH did not receive any substantiated
                            protect our systems from the latest threats            complaints concerning breaches of customer
                                                                                   privacy and did not record any notifiable leaks,
                                                                                   thefts or losses of customer data. This material
                                                                                   references Disclosure 418-1 of GRI 418: Customer
                                                                                   Privacy 2016.




                                           iphltd.com.au                                                              2022 Annual Report   52
                    Client and customer
                    experience satisfaction




For personal use only
                    IPH is Asia Pacific’s leading IP services group,       Global and notable recognition for individuals include:
                    comprising a network of member firms of leading IP
                    professionals and support staff. We pride ourselves    »   One AJ Park Principal was named in the Top 250
                    on the expertise of our people and the high-quality        Women in IP, two staff were named trade mark
                    service and advice we provide our clients.                 stars, four as patent stars, and six as notable
                                                                               practitioners in Managing IP Stars 2022
                    In FY22, 95+ staff received industry recognition for
                    their expertise.                                       »   Five AJ Park recommended individuals were
                                                                               highlighted in the WTR 1000 2022 directory;
                    Our member firms also continue to receive global           four leading individuals and one next generation
                    industry accolades, including:                             partner named in The Legal 500 2022 directory;
                                                                               and 19 staff selected by their peers for in
                    »   AJ Park was named as Tier 1 for trade mark             inclusion in the list of the 2022 Best Lawyers in
                        prosecution and contentious in the Managing IP         New Zealand
                        Stars 2022
                                                                           »   Four Griffith Hack recommended individuals
                    »   AJ Park was named New Zealand Firm of the              listed in IAM Patent 1000 2022
                        Year at the Managing IP Awards for 2022
                                                                           »   Five Griffith Hack Principals recognised in
                    »   AJ Park was named a top-tier IP firm by                Managing IP Stars 2022 including two trade
                        The Legal 500 Asia Pacific guide for 2022 and          mark stars and three patent stars
                        earned a band one ranking for IP in Chambers
                        Asia-Pacific 2022                                  »   Nine Spruson & Ferguson Australia Principals
                                                                               recognised in Managing IP Stars 2022, including
                    »   Griffith Hack recognised in The Legal 500 Asia-        six as stars and three as notable practitioners
                        Pacific 2022 as a leading intellectual property
                        law firm – Tier 2
                                                                           Strengthening our marketing & client
                    »   Griffith Hack received recognition in Managing     service capability
                        IP Stars 2022 including Tier 1 for trade mark
                        prosecution and patent prosecution, and            Delivering unparalleled service to our clients is core
                        Tier 3 for trade mark contentious and patent       to our success. In FY22 we increased our focus
                        contentious                                        on identifying initiatives that support the highest
                                                                           quality service delivery.
                    »   Spruson & Ferguson Australia received
                        recognition in Managing IP Stars 2022 including    The centralisation of our Business Development
                        Tier 1 for trade mark prosecution and patent       and Marketing function in 2022, led by a newly
                        prosecution, and Tier 3 for patent contentious     appointed Chief Commercial Officer, enabled our
                        and trade mark contentious                         team of marketing and business development
                                                                           experts to become strategic partners, whilst
                    »   Spruson & Ferguson Asia received recognition       recognising the independence and difference
                        in Managing IP Stars 2022 including regional       of our member firms. Our team has worked to
                        recognition for China - trade mark (foreign        develop best practice systems to support client
                        firms), Hong Kong - trade mark prosecution, and    and market analysis, relationship development,
                        Thailand - trade mark prosecution                  and opportunity assessments.




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                             2022 Annual Report   53
For personal use only
                    This approach has supported the efficiency of our         Client feedback
                    business development and marketing activity from
                    an operational and strategic perspective to best          We actively solicit feedback from our clients to
                    capitalise on future opportunities.                       better optimise our client experience and make
                                                                              ongoing business improvements. Client feedback
                    Initiatives to further support the delivery of best       mechanisms work at group and member firm level
                    practice client experience include:                       and include, but are not limited to:

                    »   Introduction of a group-wide Outreach                 »   Annual client surveys utilising a newly developed
                        Program, including client feedback tools and              central bank of questions to establish baseline
                        regular communications.                                   benchmarks. This allows us to compare and
                                                                                  contrast results and identify opportunities for
                    »   Development of a new CRM for use by each                  client initiatives that can be managed at group
                        member firm, which will provide a 360-client              and member firm levels.
                        view, including the ability to build in touchpoints
                        such as onboarding and case management.               »   Individualised feedback programs run at
                                                                                  member firm level and specific to their business
                    »   Implementation of a sales framework and                   and market requirements.
                        conducting business development training
                                                                              »   Processes to ensure regular client touchpoints
                                                                                  for top clients including our ongoing client
                                                                                  visitation conducted by the Managing Directors
                                                                                  of our firms.




                                  95+  iphltd.com.au
                                                                 professional staff received industry
                                                                 recognition for their expertise
                                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report   54
                    Acting responsibly




For personal use only
                    Climate-related issues and                                 All our offices are primarily paper-light and utilise digital
                    environmental initiatives                                  filing to reduce paper use. Our offices provide paper,
                                                                               glass and plastic recycling and the majority of our
                    Throughout FY22, the IPH group took steps to               Australian and New Zealand IP firms operate in buildings
                    identify, assess and manage risks in accordance            with above market standard NABERS energy ratings.
                    with its risk management framework.
                                                                               In addition, our member firms run their own
                    Environmental risks, including climate change, were        initiatives, for example AJ Park collects and return
                    assessed as part of this process.                          plastic lids to the Sustainability Trust.
                    In our assessment of environmental risks, we
                    referenced the recommendations of the Financial            Office NABERS Energy ratings
                    Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related            across Australian offices:
                    Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and noted that IPH
                    conducts low energy intensive business activities, is        Griffith Hack
                    a relatively low emitter of greenhouse gas emissions
                    compared to other businesses and other industries,         Melbourne
                    and is not materially exposed to industries or
                    regulatory frameworks likely to be materially exposed
                                                                               Perth
                    to climate change risks. As a result, the IPH group did
                    not identify material exposure to climate change risk.
                                                                               Sydney
                    While we currently consider that the IPH group does
                    not have a material exposure to the actual and potential     IPH Limited
                    impacts of climate-related risks, we will continue to
                    monitor such risks closely. We will also continue to
                                                                               Sydney
                    monitor climate-related opportunities for the IPH group.

                                                                                 Pizzeys
                    Scope 2 emissions
                    Although as a professional services business the           Brisbane
                    IPH group has minimal carbon or energy- intensive
                    business activities, we recognise the importance of        Canberra
                    disclosing information on key sustainability metrics.

                    In FY22, our Australian and New Zealand IP firms’            Spruson & Ferguson
                    Scope 2 emissions were 607 tonnes of CO2e3. This
                    was an 18% reduction on emissions reported in FY21.        Brisbane
                    We don’t currently capture Scope 2 emissions in
                    our Asia IP firms. However, this is something we will      Sydney
                    look to report on in the future.

                    The IPH Limited corporate team offset their                Office NABERS Energy ratings
                    domestic and international flights in FY22 by making       for our New Zealand office1:
                    an equivalent donation towards sustainability
                    projects through myclimate.org. This equated to an           AJ Park
                    offset of 58.77 metric tonnes of CO2e4 emissions.
                                                                               Auckland
                    The IPH group continues to work on initiatives at a
                    group and member level to reduce our impact on
                                                                               1. Data for our Wellington office was not available at the time of publication.
                    the environment.


                                        iphltd.com.au                                                                                      2022 Annual Report    55
                                    Partnering with clients
                                    to address climate change




For personal use only
                        Better products for
                        people and the planet
                        Since 2015, AJ Park has worked closely with ecostore,
                        a New Zealand born organisation producing cruelty-
                        free home, body and baby care products made from
                        naturally derived ingredients, to secure brand
                        protection in over 40 countries.

                        ecostore works to reduce impacts on the planet at every
                        step - from ingredient sourcing, producing products from a
                        net carbonzero certified factory and improving processes
                        to save energy and resources, and reduce waste. Products
                        are produced using biodegradable plant and mineral-based
                        ingredients over petrochemicals and are also compatible
                        with septic tanks and greywater systems.

                        All plastic packaging is recyclable and made from
                        sugarcane, a renewable source that removes carbon from           “Our goal is to be the world’s most trusted
                        the atmosphere as it grows. Since moving to sugar plastic in
                        2014, ecostore has saved over 7,676 tonnes (and counting) of     and sustainable home and body care brand
                        carbon from being released into the air.                         through producing products that are better for
                        ecostore is a Certified B Corporation®, a certification
                                                                                         people and the planet. It’s important to us that
                        standard that recognises companies globally for their high       the companies we choose to work with, like
                        standard of social corporate responsibility and commitment       the team at AJ Park, align with our ethos.”
                        to solving the world’s social and environmental problems.

                        Working with clients like ecostore is core to IPH’s group-wide   Pablo Kraus
                        focus on supporting sustainable practices on a global scale.     CEO, ecostore



                                           iphltd.com.au                                                                    2022 Annual Report   56
                    Community impact
                    We are proud to support the communities in
                    which we operate and continue to work with
                    charities to support causes that are important to
                    our people and business and that help in driving
                    positive social change. In FY22, we introduced               “I found it really rewarding volunteering
                    our Group Community Program initiative to                    to assist the students in exploring a
                    increase collaboration among our member firms                career that may be the perfect fit for




For personal use only
                    and maximise our impact in support of identified             them by discussing the endless career
                    UNSDGs. The program is governed by our Group                 opportunities that exist in IP.”
                    Community Working Committee, with representation
                                                                                 Connie Land
                    from IPH and each of our member firms.
                                                                                 Patent Attorney, Spruson & Ferguson

                    Beacon Foundation Partnership
                    IPH is proud to report on our flagship community         Already in the first year of the partnership, we’ve
                    partnership with Australian not-for-profit               participated in a number of Beacon Foundation
                    organisation Beacon Foundation. We have                  initiatives, including:
                    committed $500,000 over a five-year period to            »   Hosting High Impact Programs in our IPH
                    support Beacon Foundation in fulfilling its mission of       Sydney, Griffith Hack Melbourne and Spruson
                    improving educational and employment outcomes                & Ferguson Brisbane offices. These programs
                    for young Australians.                                       introduced high school students to the world
                    Staff in our Australian businesses will have the             of work. To date more than 20 people from
                    opportunity to volunteer as a mentor and work with           across the group have volunteered as mentors
                    disadvantaged students through programs run by               at Beacon programs.
                    Beacon and hosted within our offices. In support         »   Women in STEM Industry Live webinar event,
                    of this, we introduced a Volunteering Policy stating         aimed at inspiring young people to think about a
                    all maximum term and permanent employees are                 career in STEM (science, technology, engineering
                    entitled to access up to a maximum of one day per            and mathematics). During the webinar, IPH
                    annum to engage in workplace volunteering with               panelists shared details of their roles, and the
                    Beacon Foundation during working hours.                      varied career paths that led them there. They
                                                                                 also offered advice and encouragement to the
                                                                                 students, as well as addressing the issue of
                                                                                 gender imbalance in STEM.

                                                                             We want to support community disadvantage and
                                                                             equitable access to education on a regional scale
                                                                             and are exploring similar opportunities to support
                        “The Beacon Program mentoring day                    communities in New Zealand and Asia.
                        was a wonderful opportunity to meet
                        with a class of motivated and interested
                        students and provide them with a                     Cerebral Palsy Alliance
                        snapshot of what they might experience               IPH participated in STEPtember, Australia’s leading
                        if they were to work at a company like IPH.          virtual health and wellness fundraising challenge
                        We also ran some sessions to help the                dedicated to raising funds for people living with
                        students with skills such as interviewing,           cerebral palsy. 233 employees participated in
                        conflict resolution and resumé writing.”             STEPtember 2021, taking a combined 65 million steps
                                                                             and raising over $29,070, placing IPH 38th overall
                        Sarah McKeith
                                                                             for fundraising out of over 2,500 organisations. IPH
                        Senior Legal Counsel at IPH Limited and
                                                                             matched this, making an equivalent donation to the
                        Volunteer at the High Impact Program
                                                                             Cerebral Palsy Alliance, contributing a total of $57,871
                                                                             for people with cerebral palsy.



                                   AUD
                                                       $500k
                    committed to a 5-year partnership with Beacon Foundation
                                       iphltd.com.au                                                              2022 Annual Report   57
                        Beacon Foundation events
                        High imact program
                        hosted in the IPH
                        Sydney office




For personal use only                                        High imact program
                                                             hosted in the Griffith
                                                             Hack Melbourne office




                                             iphltd.com.au   2022 Annual Report       58
                    Member firm community, charity and                           »   A Spruson & Ferguson Asia Principal presented
                    probono participation                                            to the Hong Kong University of Science and
                                                                                     Technology (HKUST) in September on “Patent
                    »   IPH and member firms participated in Wear
                                                                                     Landscaping: The Tool for Harnessing Creative
                        It Purple Day, a youth led initiative to raise
                                                                                     Effort for Enhanced Inventive Research”, the
                        awareness and support safe, empowering
                                                                                     kickoff presentation in their 2021-22 seminar
                        and inclusive environments for rainbow young
                                                                                     series for Addressing Challenges in Innovation
                        people.
                                                                                     and Technology




For personal use only
                    »   AJ Park contributed to The Foodbank Project
                                                                                 »   Griffith Hack Principals regularly guest lecture
                        and Gumboot Friday
                                                                                     at seminars and universities
                    »   AJ Park staff frequently volunteer in the
                                                                                 »   IPH Strategic Advisor, Francis Gurry, former
                        community, including for: Earthlink, Kai Upcycle
                                                                                     head of the World Intellectual Property
                        Urban Farm, Hutt Valley Women’s Refuge
                                                                                     Organisation, presented to IPH employees,
                        Collection, Cats Protection League and
                                                                                     providing insights on the latest IP global trends
                        Innermost Garden
                                                                                     and opportunities.
                    »   Griffith Hack assisted the Activ Foundation, Soap
                                                                                 Global conference participation further provides a
                        Aid and the Robin Boyd Foundation on various
                                                                                 forum to network with peers and share knowledge
                        trade mark issues
                                                                                 with other IP professionals. In FY22, staff have
                    »   Griffith Hack provide ongoing support to the Arts        attended or presented at local and international
                        Law Centre of Australia in the provision of advice       conferences, including, but not limited to:
                        on arts-related legal and business matters
                                                                                 »   National Cleantech Conference 2022
                    »   Spruson & Ferguson Australia participated in
                                                                                 »   QLD BioCheers 2022
                        the City2Surf run
                                                                                 »   AmCham - Coming to America Event 2022
                    »   Spruson & Ferguson Australia sponsored the
                        Spruson & Ferguson IP Award for the SHAPE                »   Singapore IP Week
                        Exhibition
                                                                                 »   IPTA 2022 Annual Conference
                    »   Spruson & Ferguson Asia contribute to the Asia
                        World Vision Sponsorship Program                         »   BIO International Convention 2022

                                                                                 »   APAA (Asian Patent Attorneys Association)
                    Contribution to IP community                                     Council Meeting
                    Involvement in and contribution to the development           »   CIPA Life Sciences Conference
                    of the IP profession through involvement in events
                    not only builds our internal talent, it raises our profile   IPH employees also hold positions on professional
                    as a market leader within the industry. We regularly         associations, including but not limited to, the New
                    contribute to various events, examples include:              Zealand Institute of Patent Attorneys and the Institute
                                                                                 of Patent and Trade Mark Attorneys of Australia.
                    »   A Spruson & Ferguson Asia Principal works with
                        the patent office (IPOS) to provide IP Clinics
                        for half a day, four times a year, free-of-charge
                        including counselling sessions on IP questions/
                        matters for individuals, start-ups and SMEs




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                                 2022 Annual Report   59
                        National Cleantech Conference




For personal use only
                                                                  Spruson & Ferguson’s
                                                                  Doug Horton leading
                                                                  a session on IP for
                                                                  Innovators at the
                                                                  National Cleantech
                                                                  Conference




                        AusBiotech event




                        Spruson & Ferguson
                        Australia at AusBioTech
                        drinks in Queensland




                                                  iphltd.com.au     2022 Annual Report   60
For personal use only
                                                   BIO 2022
                                                   Spruson & Ferguson
                                                   Australia at BIO 2022




                                        Imnis
                                        Griffith Hack’s Karen Sinclair
                                        appearing as a guest panellist for
                                        Industry Mentoring Network In STEM




                        iphltd.com.au                2022 Annual Report      61
                                    Partnering with clients
                                    to address climate change




For personal use only
                        Commercialising                                               “Over 1.3 billion tonnes of food waste is
                                                                                      produced each year, whilst simultaneously
                        sustainable alternative                                       over 700 million people are undernourished.
                        protein solutions                                             We bio-prospect and mine traditional food
                                                                                      waste streams using our advanced foodtech
                        Spruson & Ferguson is working with Grainstone, an             and biotech to help create the most valuable
                        award winning Australian agri-food tech company to
                        commericalise cutting-edge automated bio-processing
                                                                                      products possible, prioritising food creation,
                        technology developed with CSIRO and Queensland                and displacing unsustainable alternatives.”
                        University of Technology.
                                                                                      Matthew Kronborg
                        Grainstone uses renewable-powered processes to take
                        under utilised grain byproducts and produce advanced          CEO and Founder, Grainstone
                        food ingredients.

                        Grainstone Founder and CEO Matthew Kronborg, says
                        they’re working to help solve the sustainability challenges
                        of our generation through improving the efficiency of our
                        global food system by recovering food waste and feeding
                        humanity simultaneously at an industrial advanced
                        manufacturing scale.

                        The Spruson & Ferguson team, led by Principal Dr. Michael
                        Christie, has been working with Grainstone for a number
                        of months helping Grainstone to capture its intellectual
                        property. Spruson & Ferguson work with a number of
                        innovative clients to support a more sustainable future.




                                           iphltd.com.au                                                                2022 Annual Report   62
                        Our Financial contribution in FY22
                        IPH makes a significant financial contribution to our communities through economic
                        activity with suppliers and clients, employment, value to shareholders, income and
                        payroll tax. Our total operating income in FY22 was $385.1m.



                                                           Tax




For personal use only
                                                           Total   $19.2m

                                                                       Dividends declared for FY22
                                                                       Total   $66.7m
                                                                                                      Total operating income
                                                                                                      Total   $385.1m




                                   Other operating expenses
                                   Total   $190.0m                                  Employee wages & benefits
                                                                                    Total   $123.4m




                                           iphltd.com.au                                                                2022 Annual Report   63
                    Looking ahead to FY23




For personal use only
                    As part of our ongoing commitment to sustainability      We are now in the process of considering
                    and ESG, in FY22 we engaged sustainability and           targets and programs against our material topics
                    impact specialists, Republic of Everyone (RoE), to       with a focus on our employee experience and
                    help us review and update the group’s ESG strategy.      engagement as well as elevating our bigger
                    This program of work is expected to complete in Q1       purpose and impact. In particular, as a business
                    FY23 and provide a refreshed and aligned approach        at the forefront of innovation, we look to identify
                    to sustainability across the group in FY23 and into      opportunities to partner with clients to drive further
                    the future.                                              sustainable innovation.

                    To date, our work with RoE has focused on                With a new strategy and direction in place, we look
                    further engaging with key internal and external          forward to sharing our progress in this space and
                    stakeholders to understand what is most important        strengthening our reporting against key metrics and
                    to them when it comes to ESG. This engagement            relevant indices.
                    has further shaped our materiality assessment and
                    priority topics, which will be the focus of our future   We might not have all the answers yet, but we are
                    ESG activity and reporting.                              pleased to present our progress on sustainable
                                                                             practices and look forward to strengthening our
                                                                             sustainability activity in FY23 and into the future, off
                                                                             the back of investment in updating our ESG strategy.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report   64
For personal use only




                 Directors’

                   Report
                    The Directors present their report, together with the financial statements, of the consolidated entity
                    (referred to hereafter as the ‘Group’) consisting of IPH Limited (referred to hereafter as the ‘Company’ or
                    ‘Parent Entity’) and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year ended 30 June 2022.
                    IPH is the leading intellectual property (“IP”) services group in the Asia Pacific offering a wide range of IP
                    services and products to a diverse client base including some of the world’s leading companies, multi-
                    nationals, universities, public sector research organisations, foreign associates and other corporate and
                    individual clients. IPH was the first IP services group to list on the Australian Securities Exchange.




For personal use only
                    1. Directors
                    The following persons were Directors of IPH Limited during the whole of the financial year and up to the
                    date of this report, unless otherwise stated:


                        Name                           Offi ce

                    Mr Peter Warne                     Non-executive Director (appointed 18th November 2021) and Chairman (appointed 28th
                                                       February 2022)

                    Dr Andrew Blattman                 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

                    Mr John Atkin                      Non-executive Director

                    Ms Robin Low                       Non-executive Director

                    Ms Jingmin Qian                    Non-executive Director

                    Mr Richard Grellman                Non-executive Director and Chairman (retired 28th February 2022)



                    1 . 1 I nf or mat i on on Di r ect or s
                    The skills, experience, and expertise of each person who is a director of the Company at the end of the
                    financial year is provided below, together with details of the company secretary as at year end.


                        Name:                          Pet er Wa r ne

                    Title:                             Non-executive Director and Chairman (appointed 14 October 2021)

                    Qualifications:                    BA (Actuarial Studies), FAICD

                    Experience and                     Peter has extensive knowledge of, and experience in, financial services and investment
                    expertise:                         banking, gained through a number of senior roles at Bankers Trust Australia Limited,
                                                       including as head of its Global Financial Markets Group from 1988 to 1999. Peter was a
                                                       director of the Sydney Futures Exchange (SFE) from 1990 to 1999, and from 2000 to 2006,
                                                       and served as its Deputy Chairman from 1995 to 1999.

                    Other current                      Peter is Non-executive Chairman of St Andrews Cathedral School Foundation, a board
                    directorships:                     member of international law firm Allens and NSW Net Zero Emissions and Clean Economy
                                                       Board, and a member of the ASIC Corporate Governance Consultative Panel.

                    Former directorships               Director of Macquarie Group Limited and Macquarie Bank Limited (2007 to 2022), Chairman
                    (last 3 years)                     (2016 to 2022), Director of ASX Limited (2006-2020)

                    Interests in shares:               Nil

                    Special responsibilities:          Chairman. Member – Nominations and Remuneration Committee




                                             iphltd.com.au                                                                  2022 Annual Report   66
                        Name:                        Dr Andr ew Bl at t man

                    Title:                           Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (appointed 20 November 2017)

                    Qualifications:                  BScAgr (Hons 1), PhD, GraDipIP

                    Experience and                   Andrew has nearly 30 years’ experience in the intellectual property profession, having
                    expertise:                       joined IPH Group member firm Spruson & Ferguson in 1995. He was appointed as a Principal




For personal use only
                                                     in 1999 and served as CEO from 2015 to 2017, during which time the firm significantly
                                                     expanded its footprint in both the Australian and Asian IP markets, opening new offices in
                                                     Melbourne, Beijing, Hong Kong SAR, Jakarta and Bangkok.
                                                     Since Spruson & Ferguson’s incorporation and the listing of IPH on the ASX in 2014, Andrew
                                                     has played a key role in the development and growth of the IPH Group. He has a deep
                                                     knowledge and understanding of the IPH business and the environment in which the
                                                     company operates.

                    Memberships of                   FIPTA, APAA, AIPPI, FICPI and IPSANZ
                    Professional Associations:

                    Other current                    St Paul’s College Foundation
                    directorships:

                    Interests in shares:             2,449,314

                    Interest in rights:              516,686

                    Special responsibilities:        CEO




                        Name:                        John Atkin

                    Title:                           Non-executive Director (appointed 23 September 2014)

                    Qualifications:                  LLB (1st Class Hons), BA (Pure Mathematics) (1st Class Hons), FAICD

                    Experience and                   John was CEO & Managing Director of The Trust Company Limited from 2009–2013 prior to
                    expertise:                       its successful merger with Perpetual Limited. A former lawyer, he was Managing Partner
                                                     and Chief Executive of Blake Dawson from 2002–2008 and also practised at Mallesons
                                                     Stephen Jaques (as it was then known) as a Mergers & Acquisitions Partner for 15 years
                                                     from 1987–2002.

                    Other current                    John is Chairman of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, and Qantas
                    directorships:                   Superannuation Limited, as well as a Non-executive director of Integral Diagnostics Limited.
                                                     He served as Chairman of Outward Bound Australia for over 12 years and has been the Vice
                                                     Chairman of Outward Bound International since 2017.

                    Former directorships             Commonwealth Bank Officers Superannuation Corporation Pty Limited
                    (last 3 years)

                    Interests in shares:             125,247

                    Special responsibilities:        Chairman - Nominations and Remuneration Committee. Member - Audit Committee, Risk
                                                     Committee




                                           iphltd.com.au                                                                      2022 Annual Report   67
                        Name:                        Robin Low

                    Title:                           Non-executive Director (appointed 23 September 2014)

                    Qualifications:                  BCom, FCA, GAICD

                    Experience and                   Robin was with PricewaterhouseCoopers for 28 years and was a Partner from 1996 to 2013,
                    expertise:                       specialising in audit and risk.




For personal use only
                    Other current                    Robin is a Director of ASX listed companies: AUB Group Limited, Appen Limited and Marley
                    directorships:                   Spoon AG. She is also on the boards of Australian Reinsurance Pool Corporation, Gordian
                                                     Runoff Limited/Enstar Australia Holdings Pty Ltd (part of the NASDAQ listed Enstar Group),
                                                     Guide Dogs NSW/ACT and the Sax Institute. Robin is a member of the University of New
                                                     South Wales audit committee.

                    Former directorships             CSG Limited
                    (last 3 years)

                    Interests in shares:             74,214

                    Special responsibilities:        Chairman - Audit Committee. Member - Nominations and Remuneration Committee, Risk
                                                     Committee



                        Name:                        Ji ngmi n Qi an

                    Title:                           Non-executive Director (appointed 1 April 2019)

                    Qualifications:                  BEc, MBA, CFA, FAICD

                    Experience and                   Jingmin previously held senior roles with L.E.K. Consulting, Boral Limited, and Leighton
                    expertise:                       Holdings. She brings a broad range of commercial experience covering strategy, mergers
                                                     and acquisitions, capital planning, investment review and Asian expansion.

                    Other current                    Jingmin is a Director of Abacus Property Group and Club Plus Super, a member of
                    directorships:                   Macquarie University Council, a Director of the Australia China Business Council and
                                                     Chairwoman of the Foundation for Australian Studies in China. She is also a senior advisor
                                                     to leading global and Australian organisations and Director of Jing Meridian Advisory Pty Ltd.

                    Interests in shares:             Nil

                    Special responsibilities:        Chairman - Risk Committee. Member – Audit Committee, Nominations and Remuneration
                                                     Committee



                    The non-executive directors hold no interest in options, performance rights or contractual rights to the
                    securities of IPH Limited as at the date of this report.




                                           iphltd.com.au                                                                       2022 Annual Report   68
                    1. 2 Meet i ngs of Di r ect or s
                    The number of meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors (‘the Board’) held during the year ended 30
                    June 2022, and the number of meetings attended by each Director were:


                        Name                                   Board of                                Nominations and                  Audit             Risk
                                                               Directors                                Remuneration                  Committee         Committee
                                                                                                         Committee




For personal use only
                                                 Attended                Held                 Attended Held                      Attended Held    Attended      Held

                    Peter Warne                  4                       4                    3               3                  -        -       -             -

                    Andrew Blattman 9                                    9                    -               -                           -       -             -

                    John Atkin                   9                       9                    5               5                  4        4       3             3

                    Robin Low                    9                       9                    5               5                  4        4       3             3

                    Jingmin Qian                 9                       9                    5               5                  4        4       3             3

                    Richard Grellman 5                                   5                    2               2                  -        -       -             -

                    Held: represents the number of meetings held during the time the Director held office. Whilst not a member
                    of the committees Andrew Blattman was in attendance except in circumstances of a conflict of interest.




                    2. Company secretary
                    Philip Heuzenroeder, BEc, LLB, LLM, GAICD (Order of Merit). Philip was appointed Group General Counsel
                    and Company Secretary on 29 April 2016.
                    Philip has nearly 30 years’ experience as a solicitor and governance professional, both in private practice
                    and in-house. His expertise covers a broad range of areas of law including commercial law, competition law,
                    ICT, intellectual property and litigation. Philip is a former Director of the Cure Brain Cancer Foundation.


                    3. Principal activities
                    During the year the principal activities of the Group consisted of:
                    • IP services related to provision of filing, prosecution, enforcement and management of patents, designs,
                         trademarks and other IP in Australia, New Zealand, Asia and other countries;
                    • the development of autonomous timekeeping software under a subscription licence model whereby the
                         software is licensed and paid for on a recurring basis.
                    There were no significant changes in the nature of activities of the Group during that period.




                                                  iphltd.com.au                                                                                       2022 Annual Report   69
                    4. Operational and Financial Review

                    4. 1 Oper at i ons and f i nanci al per f or mance
                    The summary financial analysis below shows the results on a statutory and underlying basis.
                    The Directors believe it is important to include the financial information on an underlying basis as this
                    reflects the ongoing or underlying activities of the Group and excludes items that are not expected to
                    occur frequently and do not form part of the core activities of the Group.




For personal use only
                    The FY22 underlying earnings of the Group have been determined by adjusting statutory earnings amounts
                    to eliminate the effect of amortisation of intangible assets, business acquisition costs, restructuring
                    expenses, non-cash share based payments expenses, impairments and IT SaaS implementations costs. A
                    summary of adjustments is outlined below.
                    Revenue of $385.1m increased by 6% on the prior year, reflecting organic growth, revenue from new
                    businesses and foreign currency benefits.
                    Statutory EBITDA increased by 2% to $115.9m
                    Statutory Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) was $52.6 million compared to $53.6 million for the prior year.




                    Per the table above, underlying results exclude the impact of one-off costs not considered as recurring
                    or being core to the activities of the Group.




                                         iphltd.com.au                                                           2022 Annual Report   70
                          •      costs relating to business acquisitions of $3.7m.
                          •      divestment of Practice Insight $2.2m. This is a write down of the carrying value of the Wisetime
                                 Asset to the amount recoverable from the sale to Anaqua Inc.
                          •      restructuring costs of $4.2m include costs arising on the merger of Spruson & Ferguson Australia
                                 and Shelston IP including costs associated with exiting the lease for the former Shelston premise
                                 (2.4m), redundancy expenses ($900k) and other costs ($540k).




For personal use only
                          •      accounting charges for share based payments for staff incentive plans of $4.9m
                          •      impairment of the carrying value of the Shelston brand name intangible asset of $4.6m
                          •      IT SaaS implementation costs (previously capitalised but now expensed under the change in
                                 accounting standards) of $1.9m

                    Excluding these one-off items, Underlying EBITDA increased by 11% to $137.4 million while Underlying NPAT,
                    which also excludes the amortisation of the acquired intangibles, increased by 14% to $86.7 million.

                    Aust r al i a and New Zeal and I P
                    The Australian & New Zealand IP segment delivered revenue growth of 4% to $286.0m.
                    The integration of Spruson & Ferguson Australia and Shelston IP, plus significantly reduced filings by the
                    largest filer in the Australian market, impacted IPH group’s total patent filings in FY22. IPH Group filings in
                    Australia (ex innovation patents) declined by 0.6% for FY22. If filings from this client were removed from
                    IPH and the market, IPH filings increased 1.7% compared to a market increase of 7.0%.
                    Underlying EBITDA increased by 11% to $103.5m at a margin of 36%. The increase reflects organic growth,
                    continued delivery of cost synergies and a foreign exchange benefit compared to a foreign exchange loss
                    in the prior year.
                    On a like-for-like basis, removing the effects of acquisitions and currency, EBITDA increased by 1% with an
                    increase in Underlying like-for-like EBITDA margin from 33.8% to 34.5%.

                    Asi an I P

                    Asian IP segment revenue increased by 15% to $110.2m, reflecting strong organic growth across the IPH
                    network.
                    The Group continues to leverage its presence across the region, while client referrals from acquired IPH
                    businesses to its Asian business increased by 4.5% for the year.
                    Like-for-like EBITDA improved by 10% with EBITDA margin slightly lower than the prior year.
                    IPH experienced patent filing growth of 9.4% across its Asian jurisdictions (outside of Singapore) in FY22,
                    with growth across all key jurisdictions (except Hong Kong). IPH continues to deliver double-digit filing
                    growth in China with filings increasing by 15.3%.
                    In Singapore, IPH Group maintained our number one patent market share of 21.9% for the 3 months ending
                    31 March 2022.

                    Adj acent Busi nesses

                    Adjacent businesses in FY22 include the autonomous time keeping software tool, WiseTime. The business
                    was divested on 19th July 2022.

                    Co r po r a t e Of f i c e
                    The corporate office includes $481k of foreign exchange losses in FY22 compared to a gain of $1.9m in FY21.
                    FY22 includes ongoing investment in the marketing and business development and IT functions and
                    increased insurance costs.




                                                 iphltd.com.au                                                      2022 Annual Report   71
                    Mo v e me n t s i n F X R a t e s
                    Foreign exchange rates used to translate earnings throughout the period were:                                           z
                                         AUD/USD                         AUD/EUR                     AUD/SGD

                                         Year End              Average   Year End Average            Year End Average

                    FY20                 0.6877                0.6712    0.6124    0.6069            0.9591    0.9283




For personal use only
                    FY21                 0.7507                0.7472    0.6320    0.6262            1.0095    1.0055

                    Movement                                   (11.3%)             (3.2%)                      (8.3%)

                    FY22                 0.6892                0.7256    0.6595    0.6441            0.9588    0.9865

                    Movement                                   2.9%                (2.9%)                      1.9%



                    The average exchange rates incurred in FY22 had a beneficial effect on the reported results compared to
                    those incurred during FY21. A one cent movement in the AUD/USD equates to a c$1.9m movement in
                    service charges (revenue), the majority of which falls to the EBITDA line.

                    4. 2 Busi ness model , strategy and outl ook
                    4. 2. 1 Busi ness model
                    IPH Limited is an intellectual property group operating a number of professional services businesses
                    providing intellectual property services (“IP Services”). In FY22 it also operated the WiseTime business, an
                    autonomous time-keeping software application. WiseTime was divested to Anaqua Inc. in July 2022.
                    In IPH’s IP Services businesses in Australia, New Zealand and Asia, revenue is derived from fees charged for
                    the provision of professional IP Services by each firm as related to securing, enforcing and managing IP
                    rights in the country (directly or through an agent) in which registration is sought by the client. The business
                    model allows IPH to generate recurring revenue streams throughout all stages of the IP lifecycle from its
                    long-standing and diverse client base.
                    Factors that affect the performance of the business include, amongst others, the performance of the
                    global and Australian economies, client activity levels, competitor activity, and the regulatory environment in
                    which the services are provided.
                    4.2.2 Strategy and outlook
                    More information on the Company’s strategy and outlook is included in the “About IPH” and “FY22 Year in
                    Review” section of the 2022 IPH Annual Report.

                    4.3 Risks
                    During FY22 the Company took steps to identify, assess and manage risks in accordance with its risk
                    management framework. This section provides a summary of the material risks identified by the Company
                    which may have an impact on the Company’s ability to achieve its operational, financial and strategic targets
                    and the Company’s approach to the management of such risks.




                                               iphltd.com.au                                                      2022 Annual Report   72
                        Ri sk                       Descr i pt i on                              Ma n a g e me n t o f r i s k


                        Strategi c                  The Company conducts its operations in      The Board is closely involved in identifying, reviewing
                        pl anni ng and              a market that has undergone significant     and confirming strategic objectives and reviewing
                        i mp l e me n t a t i o n   changes with the development of             implementation, including assessing opportunities and
                                                    corporatised service providers, which the   risks, and in providing direction to management.
                                                    market continues to adjust to. This




For personal use only
                                                    provides the Group with both
                                                    opportunities and risks requiring
                                                    development and communication of a
                                                    clear strategic vision and objectives.


                    Co mp e t i t i o n a n d       The sectors in which the Company           Effective client service, comprising a high level of
                    c h a n g i n g ma r k e t      operates are subject to vigorous           expertise at competitive prices delivered in a timely
                    condi ti ons                    competition, based on factors including manner.
                                                    price, service, innovation and the ability
                                                    to provide the customer with an            The IPH Group continues to implement leading IT
                                                    appropriate range of IP services in a      systems to support client services.
                                                    timely manner. Scope exists for market     Regular marketing visits or, where travel is not possible,
                                                    conditions to change over time reflecting virtual meetings or other forms of communication, to
                                                    economic, political or other               maintain and develop client relationships and
                                                    circumstances.                             understand potential changes in client needs, and
                                                                                               internal and external pressures.
                                                                                                IPH also provides a broad range of IP services and its
                                                                                                operations are geographically widespread, reducing
                                                                                                exposure to any one form of IP country or jurisdiction in
                                                                                                which it operates.


                        Regul at or y               The Company is subject to significant       Senior executives ensure that all regulatory and legal
                        e n v i r o n me n t        regulatory and legal oversight.             issues affecting IPH’s business are monitored and that
                                                                                                any changes to the business operations necessary to
                                                                                                comply with regulatory and legal changes are
                                                                                                undertaken in a timely manner.
                                                                                                Careful management and oversight of the Group’s
                                                                                                internal case management system.
                                                                                                Compliance with a professional work approval process
                                                                                                for outgoing work. The approval process is correlated to
                                                                                                the complexity and level of potential risk associated with
                                                                                                the work.
                                                                                                Internal audit programme for periodic review of
                                                                                                compliance in areas of identified risk.




                                                    iphltd.com.au                                                                     2022 Annual Report   73
                                                                                                                                                                       z
                        Ri sk                            Descr i pt i on                              Ma n a g e me n t o f r i s k


                    Regul at or y                        The Group’s service offerings are subject    The Company is proactive in any review or evaluation
                    r e f o r ms                         to changes to government legislation,        of regulations likely to affect its operations materially,
                                                         regulation and practices including           and works with regulators or review authorities to
                                                         particularly, if implemented, proposals to   ensure a clear understanding of facts and
                                                         streamline multi-jurisdictional patent       circumstances, and consideration of all stakeholder




For personal use only
                                                         filing and examination processes.            perspectives.
                                                                                                      The Company seeks to offer its services in a range of
                                                                                                      secondary markets. Many of these markets have less
                                                                                                      developed IP regulations and systems, and require
                                                                                                      translations into languages other than English, and
                                                                                                      are therefore less likely to be affected by such
                                                                                                      proposals if they were to be implemented than
                                                                                                      developed or primary markets.
                                                                                                      Other factors which help safeguard the Company’s
                                                                                                      role are effective technology, excellent client service
                                                                                                      and efficient operations and the likely need for IP
                                                                                                      applicants to continue to be required to record a
                                                                                                      local address for service of documents with the local
                                                                                                      IP office for examination and prosecution purposes.
                                                                                                      The Company also continues to consider the
                                                                                                      development of revenue streams from adjacent
                                                                                                      markets.


                        Personnel                        The Company depends on the talent and        Retention practices including conducting regular
                                                         experience of its personnel. The loss of     employee surveys and implementing initiatives to
                                                         any key personnel, or a significant          improve the employee experience, appropriate
                                                         number of personnel generally may have       remuneration, incentive programmes (both short and
                                                         an adverse effect on the Company             long term having regard to appropriate key
                                                         including loss of knowledge and              performance indicators), retention awards, working
                                                         relationships. Employee costs represent      environment and rewarding work. Learning and
                                                         a significant component of the Group’s       development programs are in place to attract,
                                                         total cost base.                             develop and build the capability of our workforce to
                                                                                                      meet our current and future needs of clients.
                                                                                                      Remove single point of failure by, where practicable,
                                                                                                      maintaining relationships with clients through
                                                                                                      multiple contact points. Dilute the dependency on
                                                                                                      personnel by providing value-add services through
                                                                                                      technology.
                                                                                                      Careful management of staff numbers and salary
                                                                                                      levels and consideration of resourcing requirements
                                                                                                      as the Company grows.


                    D i s i n t e r me d i a t i o n ,   The Group acts as an intermediary agent      IPH’s intermediary role is safeguarded by clients’
                    adj acent servi ce                   between its clients and IP offices. The      reliance on the Group’s expertise (both general IP
                    provi ders and                       removal of intermediaries in the IP          expertise and local expertise) and regulatory barriers
                    thi rd party                         application and registration process         such as exclusive rights of patent attorneys to
                    aggregati on                         would have an adverse impact on the          provide various IP related services and requirements
                                                         Group.                                       for IP applicants to record a local address for service
                                                                                                      of documents with the local IP office.
                                                         It is possible that third party service
                                                         providers that currently only provide        Other factors which help safeguard the Company’s
                                                         services with respect to limited aspects     intermediary role are effective technology, excellent
                                                         of IP protection may seek to extend their    client service and efficient operations. The Company
                                                         relationships with clients into other        also seeks to offer its services in a range of
                                                         aspects of the provision of IP services      secondary markets. Many of these markets have less
                                                                                                      developed IP regulations and systems and require




                                                         iphltd.com.au                                                                       2022 Annual Report   74
                        Ri sk               Descr i pt i on                               Ma n a g e me n t o f r i s k


                                            that the Group currently services causing     translations into languages other than English and
                                            a diminution of relationships with clients.   are therefore less likely to be affected by
                                                                                          disintermediation or expansion by other providers.
                                            Third party aggregators, such as third
                                            parties offering IP provider “brokerage”-     The “network effect” provided by the Group in
                                            like services may have an adverse impact      bringing together a portfolio of member firms




For personal use only
                                            on the Group’s relationships with clients.    supported by leading infrastructure and providing
                                                                                          services across multiple jurisdictions may reduce the
                                                                                          risk of disintermediation and third party aggregation
                                                                                          and may provide an opportunity for the Group to
                                                                                          secure its own additional clients.


                        Case                The Group’s internally customised             The Company has established business continuity
                        ma n a g e me n t   systems represent an important part of        plans and procedures and maintains system back up
                        and technol ogy     its operations upon which the Group is        and maintenance processes. The Company conducts
                        s y s t e ms        reliant.                                      appropriate reviews of its information technology
                                                                                          systems, operations and human resourcing, and its
                                                                                          management of cyber risk (including as part of its
                                                                                          internal audit programme). The Company continually
                                                                                          invests in system enhancements and engages quality
                                                                                          third party suppliers to assist with its systems
                                                                                          development and maintenance.
                                                                                          The Company’s transition of its IT systems to offsite
                                                                                          ‘cloud-based’ systems enables centralised oversight
                                                                                          and standardisation of processes.
                                                                                          Standardisation, removal of technical debts and the
                                                                                          introduction of IT change control stabilises the
                                                                                          systems and improves reliability.


                    Technol ogy             The increasing use of electronic systems      The need for the Company’s services is safeguarded
                    di srupti on            and processes and technology by               by the reliance of target clients on the Group’s
                                            regulatory authorities in some markets        expertise (both general IP expertise and local
                                            may provide opportunities for                 expertise) and regulatory barriers such as exclusive
                                            technology disruption in the industry.        rights of patent attorneys to provide various IP
                                                                                          related services, and requirements for IP applicants
                                                                                          to record a local address for service of documents
                                                                                          with the local IP office.
                                                                                          Targeted acquisitions of new technologies also
                                                                                          increase the services offered by the Group.
                                                                                          Other factors which help safeguard the Company
                                                                                          against technology disruption include its own
                                                                                          investment in and awareness of effective technology
                                                                                          development, and in efficiency in operations. The
                                                                                          Company also seeks to offer its services in a range of
                                                                                          secondary markets. Many of these markets have less
                                                                                          developed IP regulations and electronic systems, are
                                                                                          less advanced technologically and require technical
                                                                                          translations into languages other than English.


                        For ei gn           The Group’s financial reports are             The Company monitors the foreign currency
                        exchange r i sk     prepared in Australian dollars. However, a    exposures that arise from its foreign currency
                                            substantial proportion of the Group’s         revenue, expenditure and cash flows and from the
                                            sales revenue, expenditure and cash           foreign currency assets and liabilities held on its
                                            flows are generated in, and assets and        balance sheet. The Company undertakes regular
                                                                                          sensitivity analyses of these exposures. The Company
                                                                                          has foreign currency hedging facilities available as




                                            iphltd.com.au                                                                     2022 Annual Report   75
                                                                                                                                                            z
                        Ri sk                 Descr i pt i on                               Ma n a g e me n t o f r i s k


                                              liabilities are denominated in, US dollars,   part of its bank facilities and has engaged in
                                              Euros and Singapore dollars.                  appropriate use of foreign currency denominated
                                                                                            finance facilities to reduce exposure. The Chief
                                                                                            Financial Officer regularly reports to the Board in
                                                                                            respect of the Company’s foreign currency
                                                                                            exposures. The Board reviews its hedging policy in




For personal use only
                                                                                            respect of the foreign currency exposures from time
                                                                                            to time. Currently the Group does not directly hedge
                                                                                            against its foreign currency exchange risk.


                    Conf l i ct of dut i es   Australian and New Zealand patent and         The Company has been proactive in any review or
                                              trademark attorneys are required to           evaluation of regulations likely to affect its operations
                                              abide by the Code of Conduct for Trans-       materially and works with regulators or review
                                              Tasman Patent and Trade Marks                 authorities to ensure a clear understanding of facts
                                              Attorneys 2018 (Code of Conduct) that         and circumstances, and consideration of all
                                              requires them to act in accordance with       stakeholder perspectives.
                                              the law, in the best interests of their
                                              client, in the public interest, and in the    The Company has sought detailed advice on issues
                                              interests of the registered attorney’s        of conflict of interest and compliance with related
                                              profession as a whole. There may be           professional obligations. The Company actively
                                              circumstances in with the Company is          assists its member firms to implement appropriate
                                              required to act in accordance with these      processes and procedures for compliance, including
                                              duties contrary to other corporate            relevant professional standards bodies’ Codes of
                                              responsibilities and against the interests    Conduct and Professional Rules.
                                              of shareholders and the short term            Compliance with the Code of Conduct has been the
                                              profitability of IPH.                         subject of an internal audit programme review.
                                              An amendment to the Code of Conduct
                                              may affect the manner in which the
                                              Group conducts its activities, particularly
                                              with the expansion of the Group to
                                              include additional member firms.


                        Professi onal         The provision of patent and trademark         The Company maintains file management processes
                        l i abi l i ty and    services and legal services by the            which are highly automated, safeguarded, controlled
                        uni nsured ri sks     Company gives rise to the risk of             and regularly reviewed.
                                              potential liability for negligence or other
                                              similar client or third party claims.         The Company has comprehensive quality assurance
                                                                                            processes to ensure appropriate standards of
                                                                                            professional work are maintained.
                                                                                            The Group has in place a comprehensive insurance
                                                                                            programme which includes professional indemnity
                                                                                            insurance, which is reviewed each year. To support its
                                                                                            professional indemnity insurance arrangements, the
                                                                                            Group has internal processes to ensure timely
                                                                                            notification to the underwriters of any potential claim
                                                                                            arising from its business activities.


                    Acqui si t i ons          The Company’s growth strategy may             The Company assesses potential acquisition
                                              include the acquisition of other IP           opportunities against the Company’s strategic
                                              businesses. Risks arise in ensuring that      objectives, values and culture. Where an appropriate
                                              potential acquisitions are appropriately      potential acquisition is identified the Company
                                              selected and issues affecting the value       undertakes an extensive due diligence process and,
                                              of individual acquisitions are identified     where appropriate, engages competent professional
                                              and reflected in the purchase                 experts to assist with the due diligence process and
                                              considerations.                               appropriate documentation of the transaction. The
                                                                                            Company’s Board is involved in the review of, and
                                                                                            approves, all corporate acquisitions.




                                              iphltd.com.au                                                                       2022 Annual Report   76
                        Ri sk               Descr i pt i on                               Ma n a g e me n t o f r i s k




                        I ntegrati on of    Following the acquisition of new              The Company seeks to identify potential post-
                        acqui red           businesses, risks arise in ensuring the       acquisition risks when assessing potential




For personal use only
                        busi nesses         acquired business is properly integrated      acquisitions including for cultural fit and matching of
                                            into the IPH Group, that people and           expectations, and to mitigate such risks by
                                            culture issues that may arise are             appropriate transaction and post-acquisition
                                            addressed, key staff retained and value       management structures. Steps are taken following
                                            maintained.                                   acquisition to review and ensure appropriate on-
                                                                                          boarding of new acquisitions with IPH governance,
                                                                                          policies, processes and practices and levels of
                                                                                          financial control and reporting, and to integrate
                                                                                          Company and Group approaches to retention of key
                                                                                          staff and utilisation of appropriate information
                                                                                          technology platforms. The integration of new
                                                                                          acquisitions is regularly reviewed by the Company’s
                                                                                          Board and relevant Board Committees and has been
                                                                                          the subject of an internal audit programme review.


                    Ma n a g e me n t o f   With the expansion of the Group to            As the Group expands, with the oversight of the
                    an expanded             include new businesses with multiple          Board, the Company reviews and adapts existing
                    group                   offices and across multiple jurisdictions     management structures to ensure appropriate
                                            risk may arise with respect to ensuring       oversight, reporting requirements, support and
                                            the appropriate structuring and               resourcing is in place, and that the Company is
                                            resourcing of key management and              attracting, retaining and motivating appropriate
                                            shared services functions and                 skilled personnel.
                                            appropriate reporting and oversight of
                                            Group operations.


                        Gl obal or          Risk may arise as a result of global or       The nature of the Group’s customer base means that
                        regi onal           regional events in the nature of natural      it receives revenue from a large number of
                        e c o n o mi c ,    disasters or other physical events, global    customers located in a range of jurisdictions such
                        heal th or          or regional health events, including the      that no one customer accounts for more than a small
                        physi cal events    global Covid-19 Pandemic, or global or        percentage of the overall revenue of the Group.
                                            regional economic shocks or downturns
                                            which may impact on the level of              Further, much of the demand for patent related
                                            demand for IP services by clients and         services arises from research and development
                                            their ability to provide or confirm           programmes conducted over longer periods that are
                                            instructions, the capability and timing for   likely to be less susceptible to economic impacts in
                                            IP regulatory authorities to accept,          the short term. The IP prosecution process also
                                            review and progress the prosecution of        generally extends over longer timeframes and is
                                            IP rights, and the ability of the Group to    usually subject to certain fixed milestone steps which
                                            provide its services.                         are known in advance and required to be met to
                                                                                          preserve rights, providing a degree of protection
                                                                                          against short term decisions to cease or delay
                                                                                          prosecution.
                                                                                          The Company has established business continuity
                                                                                          plans and procedures. The Company’s transition of
                                                                                          its IT systems to offsite ‘cloud-based’ systems
                                                                                          enables remote conduct of its business by
                                                                                          employees, where required. Similarly, the ability of
                                                                                          many customers and IP offices to continue their core
                                                                                          operations in a remote environment facilitates
                                                                                          ongoing provision of instructions and responses.
                                                                                          As part of its COVID-19 pandemic response, the
                                                                                          Company has implemented comprehensive COVID-
                                                                                          19 response and safety plans across all offices to




                                            iphltd.com.au                                                                      2022 Annual Report   77
                                                                                                               z
                        Ri sk   Descr i pt i on   Ma n a g e me n t o f r i s k


                                                  ensure the ongoing safety and wellbeing of our
                                                  people, our clients and our communities. Member
                                                  firms have implemented a range of initiatives to
                                                  ensure continued connectivity and interaction with
                                                  their clients, and the Company and member firms
                                                  monitor the impact of the pandemic on business




For personal use only
                                                  activity so that appropriate responses can be
                                                  implemented.




                                iphltd.com.au                                        2022 Annual Report   78
                    5. Remuneration Report (Audited)

                    I nt r oduct i on f r om t he Nomi nat i ons and Remuner at i on Commi t t ee Chai r



                    Dear Shareholders,




For personal use only
                    On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Remuneration Report for the 2022 financial year.
                    During the year a comprehensive report on the remuneration provided to the CEO, CFO and other
                    members of the IPH Executive Leadership Team was undertaken by Aon Hewitt. In addition to
                    benchmarking the remuneration provided for particular roles, the report also considered the mix between
                    fixed remuneration and short term and longer term incentive payments, the calibration of the short term
                    payments relative to performance and the potential addition of Long Term Incentive Payment (“LTIP”)
                    performance measures.
                    The Board then reviewed both the quantum and mix of the remuneration provided to the CEO, CFO and
                    other members of the IPH Executive Leadership Team taking into account the findings of this report. Given
                    the longer term, annuity like nature of the Group’s businesses, the ability of the IPH Executive Leadership
                    Team to drive out-performance in the short term is limited. Rather, they create value by focussing on
                    implementation of the Group’s strategic priorities with the value being realised over the medium to longer
                    term. Accordingly, the Board decided to strengthen the current emphasis on long term valuation creation in
                    the remuneration mix by increasing the LTIP potential payout and maintain the restricted short term
                    incentive payout. This results in a maximum short term incentive significantly below the median of our peer
                    group offset by fixed remuneration and long-term incentive above median. The FY23 LTIP potential payout
                    as a percentage of fixed remuneration has been increased for both the CEO and CFO, consistent with this
                    view.
                    The Board was satisfied that the current narrow banding of payout for short term financial performance
                    was appropriate given the nature of the Group’s business. A number of additional measures of LTIP
                    performance were evaluated, however compound annual growth (“CAGR”) of earnings per share (“EPS”)
                    was maintained as the sole measure as being most aligned with the Group’s strategy to create sustained
                    shareholder value and the simplest and most transparent to implement.
                    Over the last two financial years owing to the uncertain economic outlook, annual pay increases across the
                    group have been modest. For FY23, the fixed remuneration adjustments across the Group have been
                    higher reflecting accelerating market pressures on remuneration. The fixed remuneration for the CEO and
                    CFO were increased in line with increases across the business.
                    While the reported financial outcome for FY22 was satisfactory, it did not reach a level at which the financial
                    component of the Short Term Incentive Payment (“STIP”) was achieved. However, both the CEO and the
                    CFO received an STIP referable to the achievement of their Strategic (including People and Culture) KPIs.
                    The 3-year EPS CAGR for FY20-22 was 7.7%. The LTIP payout ratio was 53.2% as outlined in the report.
                    As the Company continues to grow and mature, we will continue to review the remuneration framework and
                    settings for all executives and professional staff, including KMP, to ensure its ability to attract, motivate and
                    retain the talent necessary to run the business, and simultaneously drive behaviour that aligns with the
                    creation of sustainable shareholder value.
                    We look forward to your support and welcome your feedback on our Remuneration Report.




                    Yours sincerely,


                    John Atkin
                    Nominations and Remuneration Committee Chair




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                              2022 Annual Report   79
                                                                                                                                            z
                    The Remuneration Report details the key management personnel (‘KMP’) remuneration arrangements for
                    the Group, in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and its Regulations.
                    KMP are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
                    activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including all Directors.
                    The Remuneration Report is set out under the following main topics:
                    •   Overview of Executive Remuneration Framework and Guiding Principles
                    •   Overview of Executive Remuneration




For personal use only
                    •   2022 Remuneration Outcomes
                    •   Overview of Non-Executive Director Remuneration
                    •   Details of Remuneration of Key Management Personnel
                    •   Service Agreements
                    •   Additional Disclosures Relating to Key Management Personnel

                    5. 1 Over vi ew of Execut i ve Remuner at i on Fr amewor k and Gui di ng Pr i nci pl es
                    The objective of the Group’s executive reward framework is to ensure reward for performance is
                    competitive and appropriate for the results delivered. The framework aligns executive reward with the
                    achievement of strategic objectives and the creation of value for shareholders. The Board of Directors (the
                    Board) ensures that executive reward satisfies the following key criteria for good reward governance
                    practices:
                    • competitiveness, fairness and reasonableness;
                    • acceptability to shareholders and other stakeholders;
                    • performance linkage and alignment of executive compensation with remuneration provided across the
                        Group; and
                    • transparency.
                    The Nominations and Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’) is responsible for reviewing and making
                    recommendations to the Board on remuneration packages and policies related to the Directors and other
                    KMP and to ensure that the remuneration policies and practices are consistent with the Group’s strategic
                    goals and people objectives. The performance of the Group depends on the quality of its directors and
                    other KMP. The remuneration philosophy is to attract and retain high quality people and motivate high
                    performance.
                    The NRC has structured an executive remuneration framework that is market competitive and
                    complementary to the strategy of the Group.
                    a) Alignment to shareholders’ interests:
                    • focuses on sustained growth in earnings per share as well as focusing the executive on key non-financial
                        drivers of value; and
                    • attracts and retains high calibre executives.
                    b) Alignment to participants’ interests:
                    • rewards capability, experience and performance;
                    • reflects competitive reward for contribution to growth in shareholder wealth; and
                    • provides a clear structure for earning rewards.
                    Aon Hewitt was engaged by the NRC to provide remuneration advice in relation to the KMP and shared
                    services divisions, but did not provide the NRC with remuneration recommendations as defined under
                    Division 1, Part 1.2, 9B(1) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The Board was satisfied that advice received was
                    free from any undue influence by KMP to whom the advice may relate because strict protocols were
                    observed and complied with regarding any interaction between Aon Hewitt and management, and because
                    all remuneration advice was provided directly to the NRC Chair.




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                             2022 Annual Report   80
                    5. 2 Over vi ew of Execut i ve Remuner at i on
                    The Group aims to reward executives with a level and mix of remuneration based on their position and
                    responsibility, which has both fixed and variable components.
                    The executive remuneration and reward framework for executive KMP for FY22 had the following
                    components:
                    • base salary, short and long-term incentives and non-monetary benefits; and
                    • other remuneration such as superannuation and long service leave.




For personal use only
                    The combination of these comprises the executive KMP’s total remuneration.
                    In broad terms, fixed remuneration is set at or above median market levels compared to peers with similar
                    revenues and market capitalisation and having regard to performance in role, while the short-term incentive
                    component is set significantly below median levels. After review of the analysis conducted by Aon Hewitt,
                    the Board reaffirmed their commitment to the “at-risk” component being weighted towards long-term
                    incentives, to align with long-term value creation for shareholders.

                    F i x e d R e mu n e r a t i o n
                    Fixed remuneration, consisting of base salary, superannuation and any non-monetary benefits, are
                    reviewed annually by the NRC, based on individual performance, the overall performance of the Group and
                    comparable market remuneration. Executives may receive their fixed remuneration in the form of cash or
                    other fringe benefits (for example, motor vehicle benefits) where any additional costs to the Group are
                    included in the calculation of the fixed remuneration.
                    Following the review of the CEO and executive KMP remuneration against available benchmarks for like
                    businesses identified by Aon Hewitt, the Directors increased the executive KMP’s fixed remuneration by
                    5.0%, inclusive of the increase in the Superannuation Guarantee Contribution.

                    Var i abl e Remuner at i on
                    The maximum short incentive remains constant at 33% for the CEO and 25% for the CFO for both FY22 and
                    FY23. However, as explained above, the maximum long-term incentive has been increased for FY23 with the
                    FY23 LTIP for the CEO increasing to 133% from 100% in FY22, and to 85% from 75% for the CFO. The
                    change in mix of remuneration is illustrated below:




                                                   iphltd.com.au                                              2022 Annual Report   81
                    Long term incentive
                    Under the long-term incentive plan, the CEO and CFO are issued Performance Rights which entitle the
                    holder at the Vesting Date to an equivalent number of Shares subject to satisfying defined vesting
                    conditions.
                    Performance Rights will vest on the Vesting Date subject to the Company’s achievement of a minimum
                    compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in Earnings Per Share over the Performance Period. EPS
                    performance will be assessed on the basis of the Company’s EPS performance during the relevant
                    Performance Period compared to the EPS targets for that period as determined by the Board.




For personal use only
                    The Board will determine a target for EPS for the Performance Period (EPS Target) and a minimum target
                    for EPS for the Performance Period (Minimum EPS Target) prior to any issue from year to year. For vesting
                    to occur, EPS for the Performance Period must be at least equal to the Minimum EPS Target.
                    As noted earlier, the Board also considered the possible inclusion of additional performance conditions
                    based on alternative measures including those based upon capital returns however assessed they were not
                    appropriate for inclusion. The Board will ensure that management continues to apply a disciplined approach
                    to investing the Group’s capital when evaluating acquisitions, other investment opportunities and
                    transformation projects.
                    The table below outlines how Performance Rights issued in calendar 2021 (the FY22 Plan) will vest based on
                    the Company’s EPS performance over the Performance Period (measured by calculating the CAGR
                    between EPS for FY21 and EPS for FY24.


                         EPS in FY24                                                Percentage of Performance Rights that Vest

                        Less than 5% CAGR in EPS over the Performance Period         Nil vesting

                        Equal to 5% CAGR in EPS over the Performance Period          25% vesting

                        CAGR in EPS greater than 5%, up to and including 12.5%       Pro-rated vesting on a straight-line basis
                        CAGR in EPS over the Performance Period

                        At or above 12.5% CAGR in EPS over the Performance Period    100% vesting

                    The Board has maintained the same targets and vesting principles for the FY23 LTIP. Dividends are not paid
                    on Performance Rights.




                                          iphltd.com.au                                                                   2022 Annual Report   82
                    5. 3 2022 Remuner at i on Out comes
                    The Group aims to align its Executive remuneration to its strategic objectives and the creation of
                    sustainable shareholder value. The alignment of the Group’s remuneration policy with the improvement in
                    the business over the last five financial years can be seen in the table below:


                                                                                          2018    2019     2020      2021              2022




For personal use only
                    NPAT (‘000)                                                    40,673        53,112   54,752   53,600           52,564

                    EPS (cents per share)                                                 20.8    26.9      25.9     24.8               24.0

                    Underlying EPS (cents per share)                                      26.4     31.7     36.6     35.0               39.5

                    Dividends Paid (‘000)                                          42,823        51,360   61,015   62,432           65,401

                    Total Dividends (cents per share)                                     22.5     25.0     28.5     29.5               30.5

                    Share Price (30 June closing price)                              $4.45       $7.46     $7.46    $7.80              $8.16

                    Return of Capital (‘000)                                          2,727           -        -        -                    -



                    2 0 2 2 S T I P Ou t c o me s – S u mma r y o f p l a n d e s i g n
                    Financial KPI – The KMP (maximum 50% of STIP Opportunity) have the attainment of the Group Underlying
                    EBITDA budget (on an FX adjusted or constant currency basis) as their financial target. Group Underlying
                    EBITDA was selected as it is the most common measure used to assess the group’s financial performance.
                    Strategic KPI’s – The KMP (maximum 50% of STIP Opportunity) have the attainment of a number of
                    individual objectives in line with the Board approved strategy of:
                    • Consolidation of acquisitions; organic growth; and growth step-outs. (30%)
                    • People and culture (20%)

                    2 0 2 2 S T I P Ou t c o me s – P e r f o r ma n c e c o mme n t a r y
                    The Group achieved an Underlying EBITDA of $137.4m which included FX tailwinds. The average AUD/USD
                    rate in FY22 was 0.726c versus a rate of 0.747c in the prior year. A 1c movement in this rate impacts service
                    charges by approximately $1.9M on an annualised basis. Whilst the result was acceptable, when adjusted
                    for FX compared to the budget, the performance did not meet the minimum financial KPI target threshold.
                    The result continued to show strong organic EBITDA growth from the Asian businesses. Dividends to
                    shareholders increased by 3%.




                                               iphltd.com.au                                                            2022 Annual Report   83
                                                                                                                                           z
                    Fi nanci al KPI
                    The financial KPI is calculated on a constant currency basis and has a base, target and a stretch, as outlined
                    in the table below.


                        Achievement                                                                              Payout Ratio

                    97.5%                                                                                         50%




For personal use only
                    100%                                                                                          75%

                    102.5%                                                                                        100%


                    The purpose of a constant currency calculation is to remove the impact of the difference between actual
                    exchange rates incurred and the budgeted rate. The key exposure of the Group is to the USD. The
                    budgeted AUD:USD for FY22 was 0.76c. The actual average rate incurred was 72.6c.
                    The table below outlines the calculation of the constant currency EBITDA for comparison to budget EBITDA:
                    • the base is the “underlying” EBITDA;
                    • the first adjustment removes FX gains and losses recorded in the financial accounts while the second
                         reflects the difference in exchange rates at which revenue and expense items were recorded versus the
                         budgeted rate; and
                    • this is then compared to the Group budget.

                        Reported Group Underlying EBITDA                                                                       137.4

                    Accounting FX adjustment                                                                                     (6.0)

                    Budgetary FX adjustment                                                                                      (6.7)

                    Constant Currency Underlying EBITDA                                                                         124.7

                    IPH Group EBITDA Budget                                                                                    129.8

                    Fi nanci al KPI Budget Achi evement                                                                        96.1%


                    Strategi c KPI
                    An award was made to each executive KMP member on the basis of their achievement of individual
                    objectives in line with the Board approved strategic objectives of: consolidating acquisitions; organic
                    growth; and growth step outs (acquisitive growth), as well as People and Culture. The CEO and CFO were
                    awarded 90% and 80% respectively of their STIP potential amount related to the Strategic KPI. Notable
                    progress included:
                    Consolidating acquisitions – During the year Shelston IP merged with Spruson & Ferguson Australia.
                    Significant cost synergies were achieved as a result of the consolidation of this business. The margins of
                    the Griffith Hack and AJ Park businesses continue to improve as a result of prior year consolidations and
                    margin improvement initiatives.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                             2022 Annual Report   84
                    Organic growth – The Group has invested further in Marketing and Business Development (BD) through the
                    restructuring and centralisation of these functions. This included the appointment of BD representatives in
                    North America and Europe for the first time. The Group maintained organic growth in Asia, as a result of
                    growth in filings in China and SE Asian nations outside of Singapore, as well as further case inflow through
                    the network effect of files directed by IPH entities. On 1 July 2021 the group announced the acquisition of
                    Applied Marks Pty Limited. Work has begun to leverage this asset through internal process improvements
                    and accelerating our digital enablement strategy.
                    Growth step-outs – On 18 August 2022 it was announced that Smart & Biggar, Canada’s largest IP services
                    provider would join the Group. This has been the culmination of three years’ work with the due diligence




For personal use only
                    assessment and negotiation of the opportunity being made more challenging with the restrictions on travel
                    through COVID-19 over the last two and a half years.

                    People and Culture - In 2022, the KMP were assessed as having met the majority of the people and culture
                    key performance indicators. This included the emphasis on building capability with the roll out of the
                    leadership excellence programs, more robust approach to driving employee engagement and movement
                    towards driving greater organisational performance through the improvements in key performance
                    indicator setting and monitoring.
                    Finally, in recognition of the sustained commitment of the CEO and CFO over the last three years to secure
                    the Smart & Biggar acquisition, the Board has exercised its discretion to award an amount of 10% of the
                    STIP potential payout to the executive KMP as part of this year’s STIP award.

                    2022 STI P Outcomes – I ndi vi dual KMP out come


                                                                                   2022                                                                2021

                    Executive                             STI                  STI                    STI                            STI               STI          STI
                                                       Forgone %             Paid (%)              Payment ($)                    Forgone %          Paid (%)    Payment ($)

                    Andrew Blattman                          45                  55                   231,776                            5             95          391,875

                    John Wadley                              50                  50                    76,750                            10            90          135,000


                    2 0 2 0 L T I P Gr a n t Ou t c o me s – t e s t e d a t t h e c o n c l u s i o n o f t h e 2 0 2 2 f i n a n c i a l y e a r
                    The performance period for the 2020 LTIP commenced on 1 July 2019 and concluded on 30 June 2022.
                    Performance was assessed at the end of the 2022 financial year and as a result of performance over the
                    period, there was a partial vesting.




                                                   iphltd.com.au                                                                                                2022 Annual Report   85
                                                                                                                                                                    z
                    In determining the calculation of the Underlying EPS, adjustments are made to statutory profit after tax. The
                    outcome for FY22 is as follows:


                        Statutory Net Profit after tax ($M)                                                                                            52.6

                    Net amount of non-cash amortisation expenses of acquired                                                                            16.2
                    intangibles




For personal use only
                    Net amount of non-cash share based payments as part of the                                                                           4.0
                    share incentive plan

                    Net amount of adjustment to statutory results as disclosed in                                                                       13.9
                    the Operational and Financial Review

                    Underlying Net Profit after tax                                                                                                    86.7

                    Underlying EPS (cents per share)                                                                                                   39.5



                        Grant                 Performance Period                           Measure     Minimum    Maximum        Performance Achieved

                    2020                      1 July 19 – 30 June 22                      Underlying        5%        12.5%              7.7% per annum
                                                                                          EPS CAGR


                    On the basis of the underlying EPS achieved, the Underlying EPS CAGR equated to 7.7%, which led to a pay-
                    out of 50.5% of the maximum award. The basis for calculation of the proportion of the award is detailed in
                    note 33 of the financial statements.
                    In making this assessment, the Board did note the significant impact of the adjustments for non-underlying
                    items. However, the quantum of each of the items included was objectively determined and the calculation
                    made consistent with the principles applied in past years. Except as noted below, the Board did not exercise
                    any discretion in determining the level of achievement.
                    The Board gave particular consideration to the impact of the sale of the WiseTime business on 19 July 2022.
                    WiseTime was the last remaining product of the Practice Insight product suite. The other products were
                    sold in FY19 for a profit of $2.85M. The LTIP outcome in FY19 excluded this profit on sale which is consistent
                    with the treatment of the loss incurred in FY22.
                    The Board noted that in the base year of FY19 the amortisation charge of the Practice Insight business was
                    abnormally low due to the sale of the product suite in that year (and associated transfer of the asset cost
                    base). The Board exercised its discretion to normalise the amortisation charge in the base year resulting in a
                    further 2.7% of LTIP award, bringing the total achievement to 53.2%. In exercising this discretion the Board
                    also wanted to acknowledge the efforts of the executive KMP in securing the disposal on satisfactory terms
                    of the last of the Practice Insight businesses that were first acquired in FY15, shortly after the Group’s IPO.


                        Executive                     Maximum                     Rights         % Vested   % Forfeited   Vested ($)2     Expensed ($)3
                                                      Award1 ($)

                    Andrew                          $1,250,000                  175,809                53           47        $763,205         $688,384
                    Blattman

                    John                               $600,000                  63,292                53           47        $274,755           $247,821
                    Wadley

                    1. Maximum remuneration attributable to rights
                    2. Value of shares vesting at 30 June 2022 share price
                    3. Expensed in the IPH Group P&L account over the life of the award




                                                         iphltd.com.au                                                                    2022 Annual Report   86
                    5. 4 Overvi ew of Non-Executi ve Di rector Remunerati on
                    Fees and payments to non-executive Directors reflect the demands and responsibilities of their role. Non-
                    executive Directors’ fees and payments are reviewed periodically by the NRC. The NRC may, from time to
                    time, receive advice from independent remuneration consultants to ensure Non-executive Directors’ fees
                    and payments are appropriate and in line with the market.
                    The Chairman’s fees are determined independently from the fees of other non-executive Directors based
                    on comparative roles in the external market. Non-executive Directors do not receive share options or other
                    incentives and their remuneration must not include a commission on, or a percentage of, operating




For personal use only
                    revenue.
                    Non-executive Director fees paid (Directors’ fees and committee fees) (inclusive of superannuation) for the
                    year ended 30 June 2022 are summarised as follows:


                        Name - Position                                                                       FY2022 Fees ($)

                    Richard Grellman AM – Chairman (retired 28th February 2022)                                            218,946

                    Peter Warne – Director (appointed 18th November 2021), Chairman                                        156,875
                    (appointed (28th February 2022)

                    John Atkin - Director                                                                                  165,000

                    Robin Low - Director                                                                                   165,000

                    Jingmin Qian - Director                                                                                165,000

                                                                                                                           870,821


                    The non-executive Directors are not entitled to participate in any employee incentive scheme (including the
                    LTIP).
                    Directors may also be reimbursed for expenses reasonably incurred in attending to the Company’s affairs.

                    5. 5 Det ai l s of Remuner at i on of Key Management Per sonnel

                    A mo u n t s o f r e mu n e r a t i o n
                    The key management personnel of the Group consisted of the following directors of IPH Limited:
                    • Richard Grellman, AM – Non-executive Chairman (retired 28th February 2022)
                    • Peter Warne – Non-executive Director (appointed 18 November 2021). Chairman (appointed 28th
                          February 2022)
                    •     Andrew Blattman – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
                    •     John Atkin – Non-executive Director
                    •     Robin Low – Non-executive Director
                    •     Jingmin Qian – Non-executive Director
                    and the following persons:
                    • John Wadley – Chief Financial Officer




                                                 iphltd.com.au                                                 2022 Annual Report   87
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   z
                                                                              Short-term benefits                                                 Post-                      Long-                     Share-
                                                                                                                                               employment                     term                      based
                                                                                                                                                 benefits                   benefits                  payments

                    Non-executive                                      Cash salary Cash                             Non-                   Super                        Employee                  Equity-          Total
                    Directors                                          and fees    bonus                            Monetary1              annuation                    Leave2                    Settled3
                                                                       $                      $                     $                      $                            $                         $                $




For personal use only
                    Richard Grellman4                     2022 198,855                        -                     -                      20,091                       -                         -                218,946
                                                          2021         301,644                -                     -                      28,356                       -                         -                330,000

                    Peter Warne5                          2022 144,758                        -                     -                      12,117                       -                         -                156,875

                    John Atkin                            2022 150,000                        -                     -                      15,000                       -                         -                165,000
                                                          2021         150,685                -                     -                      14,315                       -                         -                165,000

                    Robin Low                             2022 150,000                        -                     -                      15,000                       -                         -                165,000
                                                          2021         150,685                -                     -                      14,315                       -                         -                165,000

                    Jingmin Qian                          2022 150,000                        -                     -                      15,000                       -                         -                165,000
                                                          2021         150,685                -                     -                      14,315                       -                         -                165,000

                    Executive Directors:

                    Andrew Blattman                       2022 1,249,350                      231,776               50,657                 23,568                       (96,223)                  540,429          1,999,557
                                                          2021         1,228,945              391,875               66,171                 28,755                       23,861                    709,307          2,448,914

                    Other Key Management Personnel:

                    John Wadley                           2022 588,516                        76,750                (18,674)               23,568                       (7,073)                   192,791          855,878
                                                          2021         578,945                135,000               35,711                 22,446                       35,684                    255,315          1,063,101

                    1. Non-monetary benefits represent the movement in the accrued annual leave balance during the year.
                    2. Employee Leave balances represent the movement in accrued long service leave balances during the year. Negative movements reflect a remeasurement of Long Service Leave discount rates during FY22.
                    3. Accounting charge based on the fair value of the award at date of grant. Total number of rights are included in the performance rights holding table at the end of this report.
                    4. Richard Grellman ceased to be a Non-executive director on 28th February 2022. Balances represent remuneration to that date
                    5. Peter Warne commenced as a Non-Executive director on 18th November 2021. Balances represent remuneration from that date.




                                                         iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report   88
                    5. 6 Ser vi ce Agr eement s
                    Remuneration and other terms of employment for KMP are formalised in service or employment
                    agreements. Details of these agreements are as follows:
                    Dr Andrew Blattman, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer.
                    • Remuneration package (inclusive of superannuation) for the year ended 30 June 2022 of $1,277,000.
                        Annual superior performance bonus of up to 33% of remuneration and a long-term incentive
                        opportunity of 100% of remuneration.




For personal use only
                    • Remuneration package (inclusive of superannuation) for the year ended 30 June 2023 of $1,340,850.
                        Annual superior performance bonus of up to 33% of remuneration and a long-term incentive
                        opportunity of 133% of remuneration.
                    John Wadley, Chief Financial Officer.
                    • Remuneration package (inclusive of superannuation) for the year ended 30 June 2022 of $614,000.
                        Annual superior performance bonus of up to 25% of remuneration and a long-term incentive
                        opportunity of 75% of remuneration.
                    • Remuneration package (inclusive of superannuation) for the year ended 30 June 2023 of $644,700.
                        Annual superior performance bonus of up to 25% of remuneration and a long-term incentive
                        opportunity of 85% of remuneration.
                    Executive KMP may terminate their employment contract by giving six months’ notice in writing. Contracts
                    may be terminated by the Company with six months’ notice. In the event of serious misconduct or other
                    specific circumstances warranting summary dismissal, the Company may terminate the employment
                    contract immediately and without notice or payment in lieu of notice. Upon termination of the employment
                    contract, the KMP will be subject to a restraint of trade period of 12 months throughout Australia, New
                    Zealand and Singapore. The enforceability of the restraint is subject to all usual legal requirements. KMP
                    have no entitlement to termination payments in the event of removal for misconduct. Andrew Blattman
                    receives five weeks annual leave.




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                         2022 Annual Report   89
                    5. 7 Addi t i onal Di scl osur es Rel at i ng t o Key Management Per sonnel
                    The following disclosures relate only to equity instruments in the Company or its subsidiaries.

                    Sharehol di ng
                    The number of shares in the Company held during the financial year by each Director and other members of
                    key management personnel of the Group, including their personally related parties, is set out below:




For personal use only
                          30 June 2022                                   Balance at the                             Additions                      Disposals                                Balance at the
                                                                        start of the year                                                                                                   end of the year

                    Ordinary shares

                    Richard Grellman1                                                54,108                                 902                        (55,010)                                     -

                    Peter Warne                                                           -                                    -                              -                                     -

                    Andrew Blattman                                               2,323,751                             125,563                               -                                2,449,314

                    John Atkin                                                      121,053                               4,194                               -                                 125,247

                    Robin Low                                                        74,214                                    -                              -                                  74,214

                    Jingmin Qian                                                          -                                    -                              -                                     -

                    John Wadley                                                      36,165                             37,669                                -                                  73,834

                                                                                  2,609,291                             168,328                        (55,010)                                2,722,609

                    1
                        Richard Grellman ceased to be a Director on 28 February 2022. Disposal represents no longer being designated as a Director, not necessarily a disposal of holding




                          30 June 2021                                   Balance at the                             Additions                      Disposals                                Balance at the
                                                                        start of the year                                                                                                   end of the year

                    Ordinary shares

                    Richard Grellman                                                 51,773                               2,335                               -                                  54,108

                    Andrew Blattman                                               2,206,166                             117,585                               -                                 2,323,751

                    John Atkin                                                      115,829                               5,224                               -                                  121,053

                    Robin Low                                                        74,214                                    -                              -                                  74,214

                    Jingmin Qian                                                          -                                    -                              -                                     -

                    John Wadley                                                         413                              35,752                               -                                  36,165

                                                                                 2,448,395                              160,896                               -                                2,609,291




                                                            iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report   90
                    Opt i on hol di ng
                    No options over ordinary shares in the Company were held during the financial year by each Director and
                    other members of key management personnel of the Group, including their personally related parties.

                    P e r f o r ma n c e r i g h t s h o l d i n g

                    The number of performance rights issued to KMPs is set out below:




For personal use only
                        Executive           Plan1          Balance         Granted                 Vested                   Forfeited           FY22           Unvested          Future
                                                           at Start         During                                                            Expense3          at end            P&L
                                                           of Year           Year                                                                               of year         Expense


                                                                                                      No                    %2       No       %

                    Andrew                   2019          125,563 -                         (125,563)                  63       -        -       31,942      -           -
                    Blattman
                                             2020 175,809 -                                  -                          -        (82,279) 47      (137,444) 93,530        37,419

                                             2021          163,613 -                         -                          -        -        -       301,172     163,613     353,155

                                             2022 -                       177,264            -                          -        -        -       344,759 177,264         690,463

                    John                     2019          37,669 -                          (37,669)                   63       -        -       9,583       -           -
                    Wadley
                                             2020 63,292 -                                   -                          -        (29,621) 47      (49,480) 29,621         13,471

                                             2021          58,901 -                          -                          -        -        -       108,423     58,901      127,137

                                             2022 -                       63,893             -                          -        -        -       124,265     63,893      248,870

                                                           624,847 241,157                   (163,232)                  -        (95,641) -       733,220 586,822         1,470,575


                    1. Financial year in which the award is granted.

                    2. % of maximum award

                    3. Expense for the 2020 award includes an adjustment for the forfeited award expensed in prior years.



                    Thi s concl udes t he r emuner at i on r epor t , whi ch has been audi t ed.


                    6. Shares under performance rights
                    Details of unissued shares or interests under performance rights across all incentive plans of the Group at
                    the date of this report are:


                        Issuing                                           Type                            Number                          Class             Exercise          Expiry Date
                        Entity                                                                           of Shares                                           Price

                    IPH Limited                                        Performance                        1,556,550                       Ordinary            0.00        Up to Sept 2024



                    7. Shares under option
                    There were no unissued ordinary shares of IPH Limited under option at the date of this report.




                                                          iphltd.com.au                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report   91
                    8. Dividends
                    Dividends paid during the financial year were as follows:

                        Final dividend of 15.5 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2021, paid                       33,720
                        on 17 September 2021 (40% Franked) (A$’000s)

                        Interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2022,                           31,681
                        paid on 18 March 2022 (40% Franked) (A$’000s)




For personal use only
                    9. Significant changes in the state of affairs
                    There were no other significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group during the financial year.


                    10. Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year
                    The sale of Practice Insight to Anaqua Inc was completed on 19th July 2022. The agreed sales price was $1m.
                    The Group had recognised write downs of $2.2m in relation to this transaction in the Financial Report to 30
                    June 2022.
                    On 18th August 2022, IPH Limited signed an agreement to acquire the IP agency practice of Smart & Biggar,
                    Canada’s leading intellectual property services firm.
                    The transaction consideration of approximately C$348m will be funded by debt facilities, cash and the
                    issuance of IPH shares to the vendors.
                    The consideration comprises upfront cash consideration of C$241m; initial issue of 5.3m new IPH shares
                    with a value of C$41m (escrowed for 2 years) and deferred issue of new IPH shares up to value of C$66m
                    (escrowed for 2 years)
                    IPH has agreed amended debt facilities with its existing bank financiers as part of the transaction.


                    11. Environmental regulation
                    The Group is not subject to any significant environmental regulation under Australian Commonwealth or
                    State law.


                    12. Indemnity and insurance of officers
                    The Company has indemnified the Directors and executives of the Company for costs incurred, in their
                    capacity as a Director or executive, for which they may be held personally liable, except where there is a
                    lack of good faith.
                    During the financial year, the Company paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the Directors and
                    executives of the Company against a liability to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The
                    contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of the liability and the amount of the premium.


                    13. Indemnity and insurance of auditor
                    The Company has not, during or since the end of the financial year, indemnified or agreed to indemnify the
                    auditor of the Company or any related entity against a liability incurred by the auditor.
                    During the financial year, the Company has not paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the auditor
                    of the Company or any related entity.




                                          iphltd.com.au                                                          2022 Annual Report   92
                    14. Proceedings on behalf of the Company
                    No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring
                    proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a party
                    for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or part of those proceedings.


                    15. Non-audit services




For personal use only
                    Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for non-audit services provided during the financial
                    year by the auditor are outlined in note 24 to the financial statements.
                    The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services during the financial year, by the auditor
                    (or by another person or firm on the auditor’s behalf), is compatible with the general standard of
                    independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001.
                    The Directors are of the opinion that the services as disclosed in note 24 to the financial statements do not
                    compromise the external auditor’s independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the
                    following reasons:
                    • all non-audit services have been reviewed and approved to ensure that they do not impact the integrity
                        and objectivity of the auditor; and
                    • none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in
                        APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                        Standards Board, including reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or
                        decision-making capacity for the Company, acting as advocate for the Company or jointly sharing
                        economic risks and rewards.


                    16. Officers of the Company who are former partners of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                    There are no officers of the Company who are former partners of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.


                    17. Rounding of amounts
                    The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors Reports)
                    Instrument dated 24 March 2016 and in accordance with that Instrument amounts in the annual financial
                    report are rounded off to the nearest thousand dollars, unless otherwise indicated.


                    18. Auditor’s independence declaration
                    A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act
                    2001 is set out on the following page.


                    19. Auditor
                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu continues in office in accordance with section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    This report is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors, pursuant to section 298(2) (a) of the
                    Corporations Act 2001.




                    Dr Andr ew Bl at t man
                    CEO and Managing Director
                    18 August 2022
                    Sydney




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                              2022 Annual Report   93
                                                                                                                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                        ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                        Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                        225 George Street
                                                                                                                        Sydney
                                                                                                                        Deloitte NSW  2000
                                                                                                                                 Touche  Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                        ABN 74 490 121 060
                                                                                                                        Tel: +61 2 9322 7000




For personal use only
                                                                                                                        Grosvenor  Place
                                                                                                                        www.deloitte.com.au
                                                                                                                        225 George Street
                        18 August 2022                                                                                  Sydney NSW 2000

                                                                                                                        Tel: +61 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                        www.deloitte.com.au
                        The Board of Directors
                        18
                        IPHAugust
                            Limited2022
                        Level 22, Tower 2, Darling Park
                        201 Sussex, Sydney
                        The Board of Directors
                        IPH Limited
                        Level 22, Tower 2, Darling Park
                        201
                        DearSussex,
                              Board Sydney
                                    Members

                                                                    Auditor’s Independence Declaration to IPH Limited

                        Dear  Board Members
                        In accordance  with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the following declaration
                        of independence to the directors of IPH Limited.
                                                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration to IPH Limited
                        As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial report of IPH Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022, I declare
                        that to
                        In      the bestwith
                           accordance    of my knowledge
                                             section       and
                                                     307C of thebelief, there have
                                                                  Corporations  Actbeen
                                                                                     2001,noI am pleased
                                                                                              contraventions
                                                                                                         to of:
                                                                                                            provide the following declaration
                        of independence to the directors of IPH Limited.
                        • The auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
                        As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial report of IPH Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022, I declare
                        that
                        • Anyto the best of code
                                 applicable my knowledge   and belief,
                                                 of professional       there
                                                                 conduct      have been
                                                                           in relation    no contraventions
                                                                                       to the audit.         of:

                        •Yours
                            Thefaithfully
                                 auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and

                        • Any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.

                        Yours faithfully




                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU



                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU
                        H Fortescue
                        Partner
                        Chartered Accountants

                        H Fortescue
                        Partner
                        Chartered Accountants




                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte organisation.



                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte organisation.


                                            iphltd.com.au                                                                          2022 Annual Report   94
For personal use only




                    Financial

                 Statements
                                              Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                               Note   30 Jun 2022          30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                           $’000                 $’000

                    Revenue                                                                     5         374,330               359,684
                    Other income                                                                6           10,803                 3,830




For personal use only
                    Expenses
                    Employee benefits expense                                                             (123,412)              (115,124)
                    Agent fee expenses                                                                    (103,440)             (104,493)
                    Amortisation of acquired intangibles                                        7          (22,891)              (21,607)
                    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         7           (8,671)               (8,588)
                    Depreciation and amortisation of fixed assets and intangibles               7           (8,001)               (7,275)
                    Insurance expenses                                                                      (2,682)               (2,265)
                    Travel expenses                                                                         (1,057)                    (358)
                    Occupancy expenses                                                                      (1,756)                (1,981)
                    Other expenses                                                              7         (36,800)               (25,967)
                    Finance costs                                                               7           (4,709)               (5,977)
                    Profit before income tax expense                                                        71,714               69,879
                    Income tax expense                                                          8           (19,150)             (16,279)
                    Profit after income tax expense for the year                                           52,564                53,600

                    Other comprehensive income
                    Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                    Foreign currency translation                                                             2,492                 (5,301)
                    Fair value gain on hedging instruments                                                     684                      282

                    Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                       3,176               (5,019)
                    Total comprehensive income for the year                                                55,740                 48,581

                    Profit for the year is attributable to:
                    Owners of IPH Limited                                                                   52,564                53,600
                                                                                                           52,564                53,600
                    Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
                    Owners of IPH Limited                                                                   55,740                48,581
                                                                                                           55,740                 48,581

                    Earnings per share
                    From continuing operations
                    Basic earnings (cents per share)                                            31           24.09                 24.80
                    Diluted earnings (cents per share)                                          31           23.99                 24.74

                    These statements should be read in conjunction with the following notes.




                                                    iphltd.com.au                                                 2022 Annual Report      96
                                                                                Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                             Note      30 Jun 2022         30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                            $’000                $’000

                    Current assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     9         88,399                 71,152




For personal use only
                    Trade and other receivables                                                                10           92,760                83,366
                    Contract assets                                                                                          6,765                 6,329
                    Income tax receivable                                                                                      3,211                       -
                    Other financial assets                                                                     22              472                         -
                    Other assets                                                                                  11         5,436                 4,045
                    Total current assets                                                                                   197,043               164,892

                    Non-current assets
                    Property, plant and equipment                                                             12(a)          8,622                 10,178
                    Right-of-use assets                                                                       12(b)         30,920                30,639
                    Intangibles                                                                               12(c)        447,643              468,088
                    Deferred tax                                                                               13            2,974                       34
                    Other assets                                                                                               1,215                    856
                    Total non-current assets                                                                               491,374              509,795
                    Total assets                                                                                           688,417              674,687

                    Current liabilities
                    Trade and other payables                                                                   14           29,348                24,021
                    Income tax payable                                                                                       7,653                     2,631
                    Provisions                                                                                 15            17,825                21,821
                    Interest bearing lease liabilities                                                        12(b)           11,621               10,012
                    Other financial liabilities                                                                                200                      200
                    Contract liabilities                                                                                     3,495                     1,972
                    Total current liabilities                                                                               70,142               60,657

                    Non-current liabilities
                    Borrowings                                                                                 16           118,477               116,159
                    Deferred tax                                                                               13           33,024                36,300
                    Interest bearing lease liabilities                                                        12(b)          31,122               33,223
                    Other financial liabilities                                                                              2,038                      503
                    Provisions                                                                                 17            3,903                     1,053
                    Total non-current liabilities                                                                          188,564               187,238
                    Total liabilities                                                                                      258,706              247,895
                    Net assets                                                                                              429,711             426,792

                    Equity
                    Issued capital                                                                             18          424,809               417,079
                    Reserves                                                                                   19            6,526                (1,500)
                    (Accumulated losses)/retained profits                                                      20            (1,624)                   11,213
                    Total equity attributable to owners of IPH Limited                                                      429,711             426,792

                    These statements should be read in conjunction with the following notes.




                                                    iphltd.com.au                                                                 2022 Annual Report       97
                                                                                        Statement of Cashflows
                                                                                                                               Consolidated
                                                                                                                 Note    30 Jun 2022         30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                              $’000                $’000

                    Cash flows from operating activities
                    Receipts from customers                                                                                   417,887             404,664




For personal use only
                    Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                     (294,306)             (285,672)
                    Interest received                                                                             6                46                    60
                    Interest and other finance costs paid                                                         7           (4,709)               (5,977)
                    Income taxes paid                                                                                        (24,039)              (20,426)
                    Net cash from operating activities                                                            32          94,879               92,649

                    Cash flows from investing activities
                    Payments for purchase of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                   28          (4,992)               (4,659)
                    Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                   12(a)        (4,784)                (1,814)
                    Payments for internally developed software                                                   12(c)        (2,406)               (4,364)
                    Net cash used in investing activities                                                                     (12,182)             (10,837)

                    Cash flows from financing activities
                    Dividends paid                                                                                21          (57,671)            (49,949)
                    Proceeds of borrowings                                                                                          -               116,159
                    Repayment of borrowings                                                                                         -             (148,601)
                    Payment of lease liabilities                                                                              (11,007)              (11,162)
                    Net cash used in financing activities                                                                    (68,678)             (93,553)

                    Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                       14,019               (11,741)
                    Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                                           71,152               82,910
                    Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                               3,228                    (17)
                    Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year                                    9           88,399                 71,152

                    These statements should be read in conjunction with the following notes.




                                                    iphltd.com.au                                                                   2022 Annual Report     98
                                                                                                                    Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                                        Foreign Currency Minority Interest      Equity Settled
                        Consolidated                                                               Issued Capital          Translation     Acquisition            Employee           Other Reserve       Retained Profits       Total Equity




For personal use only
                                                                                                                            Reserve          Reserve           Benefits Reserve

                                                                                                            $’000                 $’000             $’000                   $’000             $’000                $’000                $’000


                        Balance as at 1 July 2020                                                           402,149                 3,342           (14,814)                 7,149             4,791               20,045              422,662

                        Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                -                   -                 -                      -                   -              53,600               53,600

                        Effect of foreign exchange differences                                                      -              (5,301)                -                      -                   -                      -            (5,301)

                        Hedge revaluation net of tax (note 22)                                                      -                   -                 -                      -              282                         -                  282

                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                     -              (5,301)                -                      -              282                53,600                48,581

                        Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
                        Issue of ordinary shares as consideration for a business
                                                                                                              2,447                     -                 -                      -                   -                      -             2,447
                        combination, net of transaction costs
                        Dividend Reinvestment Plan (note 21)                                                 12,483                     -                 -                      -                   -                      -            12,483

                        Share-based payments charge                                                                 -                   -                 -                  3,051                   -                      -             3,051

                        Dividends paid (note 21)                                                                    -                   -                 -                      -                   -             (62,432)             (62,432)

                        Balance as at 30 June 2021                                                          417,079                (1,959)          (14,814)                10,200             5,073                 11,213            426,792


                        Balance as at 1 July 2021                                                           417,079                (1,959)          (14,814)                10,200             5,073                 11,213            426,792

                        Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                -                   -                 -                      -                   -              52,564               52,564

                        Effect of foreign exchange differences                                                      -               2,492                 -                      -                   -                      -             2,492

                        Hedge revaluation net of tax (note 22)                                                      -                   -                 -                      -              684                         -               684

                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                     -               2,492                 -                      -              684                52,564                55,740

                        Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:

                        Dividend Reinvestment Plan (note 21)                                                  7,730                     -                 -                      -                   -                      -             7,730

                        Share-based payments charge                                                                 -                   -                 -                  4,850                   -                      -             4,850

                        Dividends paid (note 21)                                                                    -                   -                 -                      -                   -             (65,401)             (65,401)

                        Balance as at 30 June 2022                                                         424,809                   533            (14,814)                15,050             5,757                (1,624)             429,711


                        These statements should be read in conjunction with the following notes.




                                         iphltd.com.au                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report                                                                            99
                        Note 1. General information
                        The financial statements cover IPH Limited as a Group consisting of IPH Limited and the entities it
                        controlled at the end of, or during, the year. The financial statements are presented in Australian dollars,
                        which is IPH Limited’s functional and presentation currency.
                        IPH Limited is a listed public company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its
                        registered office and principal place of business is:
                        Level 22, Darling Park Tower 2, 201 Sussex Street, Sydney NSW 2000




For personal use only
                        A description of the nature of the Group’s operations and its principal activities are included in the
                        Directors’ report, which is not part of the financial statements.
                        The financial statements were authorised for issue, in accordance with a resolution of Directors, on 18
                        August 2022.

                        Note 2. Significant accounting policies
                        The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are set out below.
                        These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

                        New, revised or amending Accounting Standards and
                        Interpretations adopted
                        The Group has adopted all of the new, revised or amending Accounting Standards and Interpretations
                        issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (‘AASB’) that are mandatory for the current reporting
                        period. The adoption of these Accounting Standards and Interpretations did not have any significant impact
                        on the financial performance or position of the Group.
                        Any new, revised or amending Accounting Standards or Interpretations that are not yet mandatory have not
                        been early adopted.

                        Statement of compliance
                        These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting
                        Standards and Interpretations issued by the AASB and the Corporations Act 2001, as appropriate for for-
                        profit oriented entities. These financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting
                        Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (‘IASB’).

                        Basis of preparation
                        The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention except for certain
                        financial instruments that are measured at revalued amounts or fair values, as explained in the accounting
                        policies below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair values of the consideration given in exchange
                        for assets.

                        Critical accounting estimates
                        The preparation of the financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also
                        requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies.
                        The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
                        are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed in note 3.

                        Parent entity information
                        In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, these financial statements present the results of the Group
                        only. Supplementary information about the parent entity is disclosed in note 27.




                                          iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report   100
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)

                    Principles of consolidation
                    The consolidated financial statements are those of the consolidated entity (“the Group”), comprising the
                    financial statements of the parent entity and all of the entities the parent controls. The Company controls
                    an entity when it has power over the investee and the Group is exposed to or has rights to variable returns
                    from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct
                    the activities of the entity.




For personal use only
                    Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
                    when the Company loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
                    acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                    other comprehensive income from the date the Company gains control until the date when the Company
                    ceases to control the subsidiary.
                    External non-controlling interests are allocated their share of total comprehensive income and are
                    presented within equity in the consolidated Statement of Financial Position, separately from the equity of
                    shareholders.
                    When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
                    policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies. All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income,
                    expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
                    consolidation.

                    Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in existing subsidiaries
                    Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control
                    over the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s
                    interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in
                    the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted
                    and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to
                    owners of the Company.

                    Foreign currency translation
                    The individual financial statements of each Group entity are presented in the currency of the primary
                    economic environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). For the purpose of the
                    consolidated financial statements, the results and financial position of each Group entity are expressed in
                    Australian dollars (‘$’), which is the functional currency of the Company and the presentation currency for
                    the consolidated financial statements.
                    In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than
                    the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at
                    the dates of the transactions.
                    At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
                    the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
                    currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-
                    monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
                    Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise
                    except for:
                    • exchange differences on transactions entered into in order to hedge certain foreign currency risks
                        which are recognised in reserves; and
                    • exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which
                        settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the
                        foreign operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from
                        equity to profit or loss on repayment.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report   101
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)
                    For the purpose of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
                    Group’s foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars as follows:
                    • Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange
                        rates fluctuated significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the
                        transactions are used;
                    • Assets and liabilities for each Statement of Financial Position presented are translated at the closing rate




For personal use only
                        at the balance date; and
                    • All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income, in the foreign
                        currency translation reserve.
                    Goodwill and fair value accounting adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as
                    assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.

                    Revenue recognition
                    Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable.

                    IP services
                    The Group provides professional services in relation to the protection, commercialisation, enforcement and
                    management of all forms of intellectual property. Delivery of these services represent performance
                    obligations. Upon completion of each performance obligation, which is satisfied at a point in time, the
                    Group is entitled to payment for the services performed. Fees for completion of each performance
                    obligation are determined by reference to a scale of charges and revenue is recognised.

                    Legal services
                    Legal services revenue received has performance obligations that are satisfied over time. Upon completion
                    of these performance obligations, the Group is entitled to payment for services performed. Revenue arising
                    from services that relate to performance obligations satisfied over time are recognised on a progressive
                    basis using the input method. The input method is used by assessing the time and costs incurred on an
                    engagement.
                    Other revenue, including commission revenue, is recognised when it is received or when the right to receive
                    payment is established.
                    All revenue is stated net of the amount of goods and services tax (GST).

                    Other Income
                    Dividend revenue is recognised when the right to receive a dividend has been established (provided that it is
                    probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of income can be measured
                    reliably).
                    Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow
                    to the Group and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. Interest income is recognised on an
                    accruals basis.

                    Government Grants
                    Grants from governments are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the
                    grant will be received and the Group will comply with any specified requirements. All government grants are
                    recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income on a systematic basis over
                    the periods in which the Group recognises the related costs.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                             2022 Annual Report   102
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)

                    Contract assets
                    Contract assets represent costs incurred and profit recognised on client assignments and services that are
                    in progress at balance date. Contract assets are valued at net realisable value after providing for any
                    foreseeable losses. Contract assets are subsequently assessed for impairment using the expected credit
                    loss under AASB 9 Financial Instruments.




For personal use only
                    Disbursements recoverable
                    Recoverable client disbursements recorded in contract assets are recognised when services are provided.
                    The amount recognised is net of any GST payable. Internally generated disbursements are credited directly
                    to the profit & loss as they are charged to a client matter.
                    Disbursements recoverable are subsequently assessed for impairment using the expected credit loss under
                    AASB9.

                    Income Tax
                    The income tax expense or benefit is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the
                    national income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
                    attributable to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
                    amounts in the financial statements.

                    Current tax
                    Current tax is calculated by reference to the amount of income taxes payable or recoverable in respect of
                    the taxable profit or tax loss for the period. It is calculated using tax rates and tax laws that have been
                    enacted or substantively enacted by reporting date.

                    Deferred tax
                    Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities
                    in the financial statements and the corresponding tax base of those items.
                    Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are
                    recognised to the extent that it is probable that sufficient taxable amounts will be available to utilise those
                    temporary differences and losses.
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary differences giving rise to them arise
                    from the initial recognition of assets and liabilities (other than as a result of a business combination) which
                    affects neither taxable income nor accounting profit. Furthermore, a deferred tax liability is not recognised
                    in relation to taxable temporary differences arising from goodwill.
                    Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments except
                    where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the
                    temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible
                    temporary differences associated with these investments and interests are only recognised to the extent
                    that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the
                    temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period(s)
                    when the asset and liability giving rise to them are realised or settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
                    have been enacted or substantively enacted by reporting date. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities
                    and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company
                    expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                    authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report   103
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)

                    Current and deferred tax for the period
                    Current and deferred tax is recognised as an expense or income in the Statement of Profit or Loss and
                    Other Comprehensive Income, except when it relates to items credited or debited directly to equity, in
                    which case the deferred tax is also recognised directly in equity.
                    The Company and its wholly owned Australian resident entities are part of a tax-consolidated group which




For personal use only
                    was formed on 3 September 2014. As a consequence, all members of the tax-consolidated group are taxed
                    as a single entity. The head entity within the tax consolidated group is IPH Limited.
                    Tax expense/income, deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences of
                    the members of the tax-consolidated group are recognised in the separate financial statements of the
                    members of the tax consolidated group using the “separate taxpayer within group” approach.
                    Current tax liabilities and assets and deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and tax credits of
                    the members of the tax-consolidated group are recognised by the Company (as head entity in the tax-
                    consolidated group).
                    Due to the existence of a tax funding arrangement between the entities in the tax-consolidated group,
                    amounts are recognised as payable to or receivable by the Company and each member of the group in
                    relation to the tax contribution amounts paid or payable between the parent entity and the other members
                    of the tax consolidated group in accordance with the arrangement. Where the tax contribution amount
                    recognised by each member of the tax consolidated group for a particular period is different to the
                    aggregate of the current tax liability or asset and any deferred tax asset arising from unused tax losses and
                    tax credits in respect of that period, the difference is recognised as a contribution from (or distribution to)
                    equity participants.

                    Financial instruments

                    Financial assets
                    Financial assets are classified as either financial assets at amortised cost, at fair value through other
                    comprehensive income (FVTOCI) or at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). Financial assets are initially
                    recognised at fair value on the trade date, including, in the case of instruments not recorded at fair value
                    through profit or loss, directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequently, financial assets are carried at
                    fair value (equity investments and derivatives) or amortised cost adjusted for any loss allowance (loans,
                    trade receivables and other receivables).

                    Derivative financial instruments
                    A derivative is a type of financial instrument typically used to manage risk. A derivative’s value changes over
                    time in response to underlying variables including interest rates or exchange rates and is entered into for a
                    fixed period. A hedge is where a derivative is used to manage an underlying exposure and the Group uses
                    derivatives to manage its exposure to interest rates and foreign exchange risk accordingly.
                    All derivatives are measured through the Statement of Profit and Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                    unless designated and effective as a hedge where the hedge accounting provisions apply.

                    Impairment of financial assets
                    The impairment approach is based on lifetime expected credit losses (ECL model) for financial assets held
                    at amortised cost. Therefore, it is not necessary for a loss event to have occurred before credit losses are
                    recognised. Instead, a loss allowance is always recognised for ECL and is re-measured at each reporting
                    date for changes in those expected credit losses. The expected credit losses are estimated via a provision
                    matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience. This is then adjusted for factors that are
                    specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current and
                    forecasted direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate.
                    For financial assets, a credit loss is the present value of the difference between: (i) the contractual cash
                    flows that are due under the contract; and (ii) the cash flows expected to be received.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report   104
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)
                    The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial assets
                    with the exception of trade receivables, where the carrying amount is reduced through the use of an
                    allowance account. When a trade receivable is considered uncollectible, it is written off against the
                    allowance account. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the
                    allowance account. Changes in the carrying amount of the allowance account are recognised in profit or
                    loss.




For personal use only
                    Cash and cash equivalents
                    Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and at banks, short term deposits with an original maturity
                    of three months or less held at call with financial institutions, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are
                    shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

                    Trade and other receivables
                    Trade and other receivables include amounts due from customers for services performed in the ordinary
                    course of business. Receivables expected to be collected within 12 months of the end of the reporting
                    period are classified as current assets. All other receivables are classified as non-current assets.
                    Trade and other receivables are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

                    Loans and receivables
                    Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not
                    quoted in an active market. They are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.
                    Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised or impaired.
                    The carrying amount of financial assets is reviewed annually by the directors’ to assess whether there is any
                    objective evidence that a financial asset is impaired.
                    Where such objective evidence exists, the Group recognises impairment losses.

                    Financial liabilities
                    Financial liabilities include trade payables, other creditors and loans from third parties including intra group
                    balances.
                    Non derivative financial liabilities are recognised at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
                    Trade accounts payable comprise the original debt less principal payments plus where applicable any
                    accrued interest.
                    Financial liabilities are classified as current liabilities unless the group has an unconditional right to defer
                    settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.

                    Trade and other payables
                    Trade and other payables represent the liabilities for goods and services received that remain unpaid at the
                    end of the reporting period. The balance is recognised as a current liability with the amounts normally paid
                    within 90 days of recognition of the liability.

                    Contract Liabilities
                    Contract liabilities represent billing made to clients where revenue recognition criteria has not yet been fully
                    met to merit recording revenue as at the balance date.

                    Property, plant and equipment
                    Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
                    impairment losses.




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                                 2022 Annual Report   105
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)
                    Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost or valuation of assets less their residual values over
                    their useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation
                    method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
                    accounted for on a prospective basis.

                        Item                                                                                                    Years




For personal use only
                        Leasehold improvements                                                                           6-15 years

                        Plant and equipment                                                                              2-20 years

                        Furniture, fixtures and fittings                                                                 5-20 years

                        Computer equipment                                                                                 2-5 years

                    An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
                    benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
                    or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the
                    sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

                    Intangible assets
                    Intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination, other than goodwill, are measured at their fair
                    value at the date of the acquisition.

                    Goodwill
                    Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the
                    net identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiary/associate at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is not
                    amortised. Instead, goodwill is tested annually for impairment, or more frequently of events or changes in
                    circumstances indicate that it might be impaired and it is carried at cost less accumulated impairment
                    losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are taken to profit and loss and not subsequently reversed.

                    Intangible assets acquired separately
                    Intangible assets with finite lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
                    amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
                    C us t o me r R e l at i o ns hi ps
                    Customer relationships are the assessed value of the supply of goods and services that exist at the date of
                    acquisition. In valuing customer relationships, consideration is given to historic customer retention and
                    decay statistics, projected future cash flows and appropriate capital charges.
                    Customer relationships are amortised over a period of 10 years. The estimated useful lives, residual values
                    and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes
                    in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
                    Tr ade m a rks
                    Trademarks are intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately and are carried at
                    cost less accumulated impairment losses.
                    Sof t w are a cqui re d
                    Software acquired through a business combination is assessed as the identifiable value of that software at
                    the date of acquisition. Acquired software is amortised over a period of 4 years.
                    I nt e rn al l y ge ne rat e d i nt a n gi bl e as s e t s




                                               iphltd.com.au                                                      2022 Annual Report   106
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)
                    Internally generated intangible assets, including software, arising from development (or from the
                    development phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been
                    demonstrated:
                    •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
                    •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;




For personal use only
                    •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
                    •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
                    •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
                          use or sell the intangible asset; and
                    • the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                          development.
                    The amount initially recognised for internally generated intangible assets is the sum of the expenditure
                    incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no
                    internally generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or
                    loss in the period in which it is incurred.
                    Subsequent to initial recognition, internally generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
                    accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that
                    are acquired separately.
                    The useful lives of internally generated intangible assets are as follows:

                        Sof t w are                                                                                              3 y e ars


                    Derecognition of intangible assets
                    An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from
                    use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the
                    difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset are recognised in
                    profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

                    Sofware-as-a-Service (SaaS) arrangements
                    SaaS arrangements are service contracts providing the Group with the right to access the cloud provider’s
                    application software over the contract period. Costs incurred to configure or customise, and the ongoing
                    fees to obtain access to the cloud provider’s application software, are recognised as operating expenses
                    when the services are received.

                    Impairment of assets
                    Goodwill and other assets that have an indefinite useful life are not amortised but are tested annually for
                    impairment in accordance with AASB 136 ‘Impairment of Assets’. Assets subject to annual depreciation or
                    amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances arise that indicates that the
                    carrying amount of the asset may be impaired.
                    An impairment loss is recognised where the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value less costs of
                    disposal. The recoverable amount of an asset is defined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal
                    and value in use.
                    For the purposes of impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
                    identifiable cash flows (cash generating units).
                    For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination shall, from the
                    acquisition date, be allocated to each of the acquirer’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-
                    generating units, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether
                    other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units or groups of units.




                                          iphltd.com.au                                                                 2022 Annual Report   107
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)

                    Provisions
                    Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a
                    past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can
                    be made of the amount of the obligation.
                    The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the




For personal use only
                    present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
                    surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
                    present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
                    time value of money is material).
                    When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
                    from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be
                    received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

                    Leases
                    The Group recognises a right-of use-asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-
                    of-use assets comprise the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liability, lease payments made
                    at or before the commencement day, less any lease incentives received and any initial direct costs. They are
                    subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. Right-of-use assets are
                    depreciated over the shorter period of lease term and useful life of the underlying asset. If a lease transfers
                    ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group expects to
                    exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated over the useful life of the
                    underlying asset. The depreciation starts at the commencement date of the lease.
                    The Group applies AASB 136 to determine whether a right-of-use asset is impaired and accounts for any
                    identified impairment loss as described in the ‘Impairment of assets’ policy.
                    Whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the site
                    on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions
                    of the lease, a provision is recognised and measured under AASB137. To the extent that the costs relate to
                    a right-of-use asset, the costs are included in the related right-of-use asset.
                    As a practical expedient, AASB 16 permits a lessee not to separate non-lease components, and instead
                    account for any lease and associated non-lease components as a single arrangement. The Group has not
                    used this practical expedient.
                    The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                    commencement date, discounted using the Group's incremental borrowing rate. The lease liability is
                    subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability (using the
                    effective interest method) and by reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made.
                    Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:
                    • Fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable; and
                    • Lease payments that depend on an index rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the
                        commencement date.
                    The Group remeasures the lease liability (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-
                    use asset) whenever:
                    • The lease term has changed or there is a significant event or change in circumstances, in which case the
                        lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate; or
                    • A lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease, in which
                        case the lease liability is remeasured based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the
                        revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                 2022 Annual Report   108
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)
                    To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group makes adjustments specific to the lease including
                    factors such as lease term, country, currency and security. The weighted average incremental borrowing
                    rate applied to lease liabilities was 3.31% (2021: 4.49%).
                    Variable rents that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease
                    liability and the right-of-use asset. The related payments are recognised as an expense in the period in
                    which the event or condition that triggers those payments occurs and are disclosed in note 12(b).




For personal use only
                    Employee benefits

                    Short and long-term employee benefit
                    A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual leave,
                    and long service leave when it is probable that settlement will be required and they are capable of being
                    measured reliably.
                    Liabilities recognised in respect of short-term employee benefits, are measured at their nominal values
                    using the remuneration rate expected to apply at the time of settlement. Liabilities recognised in respect of
                    long term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows to
                    be made by the Group in respect of services provided by the employees up to reporting date.

                    Retirement benefit costs
                    Payments to defined contribution plans are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered
                    service entitling them to the contributions.

                    Borrowing costs
                    Borrowing costs can include interest, amortisation of discounts or premiums relating to borrowings,
                    ancillary costs incurred in connection with arrangement of borrowings, foreign exchange losses net of
                    hedged amounts on borrowings. Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs
                    and subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
                    costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using
                    the effective interest method.

                    Goods and services tax (GST)
                    Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST, except where the amount of GST
                    incurred is not recoverable from the Tax Office. In these circumstances the GST is recognised as part of the
                    cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of an item of the expense. Receivables and payables in the
                    consolidated Statement of Financial Position are shown inclusive of GST.
                    Cash flows are presented in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis, except for the GST component
                    of investing and financing activities, which are disclosed as operating cash flows.

                    Share based payments
                    Equity settled share based compensation benefits are provided to employees. Equity settled transactions
                    are awards of shares, options or rights, which are provided in exchange for the rendering of services. Equity
                    settled share based payments are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.
                    The fair value at the grant date of the equity settled share based payments is expensed on a straight line
                    basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest,
                    with a corresponding increase in equity. At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate
                    of the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if
                    any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a
                    corresponding adjustment to the equity settled employee benefits reserve.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                             2022 Annual Report   109
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)

                    Fair value measurement
                    When an asset or liability, financial or non-financial, is measured at fair value for recognition or disclosure
                    purposes, the fair value is based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
                    liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date; and assumes that
                    the transaction will take place either: in the principal market; or in the absence of a principal market, in the
                    most advantageous market.




For personal use only
                    Fair value is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
                    liability, assuming they act in their economic best interests. For non-financial assets, the fair value
                    measurement is based on its highest and best use. Valuation techniques that are appropriate in the
                    circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, are used, maximising the
                    use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
                    Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified, into three levels, using a fair value hierarchy that
                    reflects the significance of the inputs used in making the measurements (note 22). Classifications are
                    reviewed at each reporting date and transfers between levels are determined based on a reassessment of
                    the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
                    For recurring and non-recurring fair value measurements, external valuers may be used when internal
                    expertise is either not available or when the valuation is deemed to be significant. External valuers are
                    selected based on market knowledge and reputation. Where there is a significant change in fair value of an
                    asset or liability from one period to another, an analysis is undertaken, which includes a verification of the
                    major inputs applied in the latest valuation and a comparison, where applicable, with external sources of
                    data.

                    Issued capital
                    Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
                    Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
                    deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

                    Dividends
                    Dividends are recognised when declared during the financial year and are no longer at the discretion of the
                    Company.

                    Business combinations
                    The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations regardless of whether
                    equity instruments or other assets are acquired.
                    The consideration transferred is the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred, equity
                    instruments issued or liabilities incurred. The consideration transferred also includes the fair value of any
                    contingent consideration arrangement and the fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the
                    subsidiary. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business
                    combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. For each business
                    combination, the non-controlling interest in the acquiree is measured at either fair value or at the
                    proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All acquisition costs are expensed as incurred
                    to profit or loss.
                    On the acquisition of a business, the Group assesses the financial assets acquired and liabilities assumed
                    for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
                    conditions, the Group’s operating or accounting policies and other pertinent conditions in existence at the
                    acquisition-date.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                 2022 Annual Report   110
                    Note 2. Significant accounting policies (continued)
                    Where the business combination is achieved in stages, the Group remeasures its previously held equity
                    interest in the acquiree at the acquisition-date fair value and the difference between the fair value and the
                    previous carrying amount is recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration to be transferred by the
                    acquirer is recognised at the acquisition-date fair value. Subsequent changes in the fair value of the
                    contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is recognised in profit or loss. Contingent
                    consideration classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within
                    equity.




For personal use only
                    The difference between the acquisition-date fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any non-
                    controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the consideration transferred and the fair value of
                    any pre-existing investment in the acquiree is recognised as goodwill. If the consideration transferred and
                    the pre-existing fair value is less than the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired, being a bargain
                    purchase, the difference is recognised as a gain directly in profit or loss on the acquisition-date, but only
                    after a reassessment of the identification and measurement of the net assets acquired, the non-controlling
                    interest in the acquiree, if any, the consideration transferred and any previously held equity interest.
                    Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
                    discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. Contingent consideration is classified either
                    as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as financial liability are subsequently remeasured to fair
                    value with changes to fair value recognised in profit or loss.
                    Business combinations are initially accounted for on a provisional basis. The Group retrospectively adjusts
                    the provisional amounts recognised and also recognises additional assets or liabilities during the
                    measurement period, based on new information obtained about the facts and circumstances that existed
                    at the acquisition-date. The measurement period ends on either the earlier of (i) 12 months from the date of
                    the acquisition or (ii) when the Group receives all the information possible to determine fair value.

                    Earnings per share

                    Basic earnings per share
                    Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of IPH Limited,
                    excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of
                    ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued
                    during the financial year.

                    Diluted earnings per share
                    Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                    into account the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                    potential ordinary shares and the weighted average number of shares assumed to have been issued for no
                    consideration in relation to dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                    Rounding of amounts
                    The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors Reports)
                    Instrument dated 24 March 2016 and in accordance with that Instrument amounts in the annual financial
                    report are rounded off to the nearest thousand dollars, unless otherwise indicated.

                    Adoption of new accounting standards
                    The Group has adopted all of the new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian
                    Accounting Standards Board (the AASB) that are relevant to its operations and effective for an accounting
                    period that begins on or after 1 July 2021.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                 2022 Annual Report   111
                    Note 3. Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
                    The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
                    assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements. Management continually
                    evaluates its judgements and estimates in relation to assets, liabilities, contingent liabilities, revenue and
                    expenses. Management bases its judgements, estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on
                    other various factors, including expectations of future events, management believes to be reasonable
                    under the circumstances. The resulting accounting judgements and estimates will seldom equal the related
                    actual results. The judgements, estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material




For personal use only
                    adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities (refer to the respective notes) within the next
                    financial year are discussed below.

                    Goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets
                    The Group tests annually, or more frequently if events of changes in circumstances indicate impairment,
                    whether goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets have suffered any impairment, in accordance
                    with the accounting policy stated in note 2.
                    Customer relationships are finite intangible assets and are amortised over their expected life. Assets
                    subject to amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances arise that indicates
                    that the carrying amount of the asset may be impaired.

                    Note 4. Operating segments

                    Identification of reportable operating segments
                    The Group is organised into three segments: Intellectual Property Services Australia & New Zealand;
                    Intellectual Property Services Asia; and Adjacent Businesses. Adjacent Businesses includes the operations
                    of Wisetime1. These operating segments are based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by
                    the senior executive team and Board of Directors (who are identified as the Chief Operating Decision
                    Makers (‘CODM’)) in assessing performance and in determining the allocation of resources. There is no
                    aggregation of operating segments.


                        Segment                                                      Activity

                        Intellectual Property                                        Related to the provision of filing, prosecution, enforcement and
                        Services Australia & New                                     management of patents, designs, trademarks and other IP in Australia and
                        Zealand                                                      New Zealand.

                        Intellectual Property                                        Related to the provision of filing, prosecution, enforcement and
                        Services Asia                                                management of patents, designs, trademarks and other IP in Asia.

                                                                                     Adjacent businesses include Wisetime1 the autonomous time-keeping
                        Adjacent Businesses
                                                                                     tool.

                        1. IPH Ltd’s investment in Practice Insight Pty Limited which included the Wisetime application was divested after the FY22 financial period. Refer to note 29.



                    The CODM reviews profit before interest, income tax and adjustments to the statutory reported results. The
                    accounting policies adopted for internal reporting to the CODM are consistent with those adopted in the
                    financial statements. The information reported to the CODM is on at least a monthly basis.

                    Intersegment transactions
                    There are varying levels of integration between the segments. The integration includes provision of
                    professional services, shared technology and management services. Intersegment transactions were made
                    at market rates. Intersegment transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

                    Reliance on major customers
                    Maximum revenue from any customer is less than 3% of overall revenue of the Group.




                                                           iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report   112
                        Note 4. Operating Segments (continued)

                                                                                    Intellectual Property Services                                                                         Intersegment
                        Consolidated                                                                                             Adjacent Businesses                  Corporate            eliminations /                 Total
                                                                               Australia & NZ                 Asia                                                                          unallocated




For personal use only
                                                                                 2022       2021         2022          2021          2022            2021            2022        2021       2022        2021          2022           2021
                                                                                $’000      $’000        $’000         $’000         $’000           $’000           $’000       $’000      $’000       $’000         $’000          $’000
                        Revenue
                        Sales to external customers                            271,789    267,739       102,541       91,945              -               -                -           -          -            -    374,330       359,684
                        Intersegment sales                                       1,079          948      6,256         5,280              -               -                -           -   (7,335)     (6,228)             -              -
                        Total sales revenue                                   272,868     268,687      108,797        97,225              -               -                -           -   (7,335)     (6,228)      374,330       359,684
                        Other revenue                                           13,148      6,979          1,411       (1,112)        638             409            9,744        5,601    (14,184)    (8,107)        10,757         3,770
                        Total revenue                                         286,016     275,666      110,208        96,113          638             409            9,744        5,601    (21,519)   (14,335)     385,087        363,454
                        Less: Overheads                                       (182,497)   (182,411)    (58,729)      (52,703)        (1,131)          (778)     (26,868)        (17,436)    21,558      14,152     (247,667)      (239,176)
                        Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and
                        amortisation (EBITDA), before adjustments              103,519     93,255       51,479       43,410          (493)           (369)          (17,124)    (11,835)        39       (183)      137,420       124,278
                        Less: Depreciation                                      (9,702)    (9,680)      (2,422)      (2,469)           (23)            (56)            (832)       (256)         -           -       (12,979)      (12,461)
                        Less: Amortisation                                    (22,375)    (21,055)       (1,271)      (1,290)       (1,727)         (1,698)           (1,211)     (988)           -          22     (26,584)      (25,009)
                        Less: Management Charges                                 3,365      4,853       (11,373)     (10,523)             -              -           7,990        5,564         18          106            -              -
                        Segment result: (Profit before interest, tax and
                        adjustments)                                           74,807      67,373       36,413        29,128       (2,243)          (2,123)         (11,177)     (7,515)        57          (55)     97,857        86,808

                        Reconciliation of segment result
                        Segment result                                                                                                                                                                               97,857        86,808

                        Adjustments to statutory result:
                         Business acquisition costs                                                                                                                                                                  (3,747)        (3,616)
                         Restructuring expenses                                                                                                                                                                       (1,814)       (2,190)
                         Divestment of Practice Insight                                                                                                                                                               (2,170)             -
                         Impairment of intangible assets                                                                                                                                                             (4,654)              -
                         Impairment of right-of-use assets and fixed assets                                                                                                                                          (2,387)         (464)
                         Share based payments                                                                                                                                                                        (4,850)        (3,578)
                         IT SaaS Implementation Costs                                                                                                                                                                (1,858)         (1,164)
                        Total adjustments                                                                                                                                                                           (21,480)       (11,012)
                        Interest income                                                                                                                                                                                  46             60
                        Finance Costs                                                                                                                                                                                (4,709)        (5,977)
                        Profit for the period before income tax expense                                                                                                                                               71,714       69,879

                        Reconciliation of segment revenue
                        Segment revenue                                                                                                                                                                             385,087       363,454
                        Interest income                                                                                                                                                                                  46             60
                        Total revenue                                                                                                                                                                               385,133       363,514




                                        iphltd.com.au                                                                                          2022 Annual Report                                                                              113
                    Note 5. Sales revenue
                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                         30 Jun 2022     30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                               $’000          $’000
                    IP Services                                                                                              358,231          342,151
                    Legal Services                                                                                            16,099          17,533
                                                                                                                            374,330          359,684




                    Note 6. Other income




For personal use only
                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                         30 Jun 2022     30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                               $’000          $’000
                    Net realised foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                                                  4,413          (6,338)
                    Net unrealised foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                                                1,539            6,151
                    Other income                                                                                               1,673            1,430
                    Commission                                                                                                 3,132           2,527
                    Interest                                                                                                      46                60
                                                                                                                              10,803           3,830




                    Note 7. Expenses
                    Profit before income tax includes the following specific expenses:

                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                         30 Jun 2022     30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                               $’000          $’000
                    Depreciation and amortisation:
                    Depreciation - Property, plant and equipment                                                               4,308           3,873
                    Amortisation - Software development                                                                        3,693           3,402
                                                                                                                               8,001           7,275


                    Depreciation - Right-of-use asset                                                                          8,671           8,588
                    Amortisation - Acquired Intangibles                                                                       22,891          21,607
                    Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                       39,563          37,470


                    Employee benefits expense:
                    Share based payments                                                                                       4,850           3,578
                    Superannuation expense                                                                                     7,064            6,351
                    Government Covid-19 stimulus grants
                                                             1
                                                                                                                                   -           (1,273)


                    Other expenses:
                    Advertising and marketing                                                                                   1,071           1,182
                    Business acquisition costs                                                                                 3,747            3,616
                    Impairment of right-of-use assets and revaluation of lease liabilities arising from onerous leases           514                (13)
                    Impairment and loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                            1,964             876
                    Impairment of intangibles                                                                                  6,284                  -
                    IT and communication                                                                                       8,325           6,876
                    Office expenses                                                                                            2,142            1,780
                    Professional fees                                                                                          3,177           2,746
                    Staff welfare and training                                                                                 1,454            1,009
                    Other                                                                                                      8,122           7,895
                                                                                                                              36,800          25,967
                    Finance costs
                    Interest on bank facilities - Loan                                                                         2,243           2,592
                    Other finance costs - Facility fees                                                                         822            1,444
                                                                                                                               3,065           4,036


                    Interest on lease contracts                                                                                1,644            1,941
                    Total finance costs                                                                                        4,709           5,977

                    1. Grants received from Asian governments in response to the impact of Covid-19.




                                                         iphltd.com.au                                                         2022 Annual Report          114
                    Note 8. Income tax expense
                                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                            30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                  $’000                $’000
                    Income tax expense
                    Current tax                                                                                                                                                    25,596               20,683
                    Deferred tax                                                                                                                                                   (6,508)              (3,395)
                    Over provided in prior years                                                                                                                                        62              (1,009)
                    Aggregate income tax expense                                                                                                                                   19,150               16,279




For personal use only
                    Deferred tax included in income tax expense comprises:
                    Increase in deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                   839                  854
                    Decreases in deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                          (7,347)              (4,249)
                                                                                                                                                                                  (6, 5 0 8)           (3 ,3 95 )

                    Reconciliation of invoice tax expense and tax at the statutory rate
                    Profit before income tax expense                                                                                                                                71,714             69,879

                    Tax at the statutory rate of 30%                                                                                                                                21,514             20,964

                    Tax effect amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                    Permanent differences                                                                                                                                             (84)                   48
                    Equity settled share based payments                                                                                                                               294               (1,098)
                    Acquisition costs                                                                                                                                               1,648                1,424
                    Difference in overseas tax rates                                                                                                                               (4,720)              (3,831)
                    Under/(Over) provision with respect to current tax in prior years                                                                                                   62              (1,009)
                    Under/(Over) provision with respect to deferred tax in prior years                                                                                               (146)                (219)
                    Practice Insight deferred tax write off                                                                                                                           582                        -
                    Income tax expense                                                                                                                                             19,150               16,279




                    Note 9. Current assets - cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                            30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                  $’000                $’000
                    Cash on hand                                                                                                                                                        43                   62
                    Cash at bank                                                                                                                                                   88,356               71,070
                    Term deposit1                                                                                                                                                         -                  20
                                                                                                                                                                                  88,399                 71,152

                    1. Restricted cash cover for bank facilities.




                    Note 10. Current assets - trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                            30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                  $’000                $’000
                    Trade receivables from contracts with customers                                                                                                                95,702              86,236
                    Less: Loss allowance                                                                                                                                           (2,942)              (2,870)
                                                                                                                                                                                  92 , 760             83 , 3 66

                    Impairment of receivables

                    The Group has recognised a loss of $806,000 (2021: $1,447,000) in profit or loss in respect of the loss allowance for the year ended 30 June 2022.

                    The Group measures the loss allowance for trade receivables at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit loss (ECL). The expected credit losses are estimated via a provision matrix
                    based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience. This is then adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the
                    current and forecasted direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate.
                                                                     1
                    Expected credit losses for ageing categories

                                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                            30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                  $’000                $’000
                    Loss allowance for trade receivables past due more than 91 days                                                                                                 2,795                2,549

                    1. Ageing brackets not covered are deemed immaterial.




                                                           iphltd.com.au                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report              115
                    Note 10. Current assets - trade and other receivables (continued)

                    Movements in the loss allowance for impairment of receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                                  30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                        $’000                $’000
                    Opening balance                                                                                                                                                                           2,870           2,754
                    Additional provisions recognised                                                                                                                                                           806            1,447
                    Receivables written off during the year as uncollectable                                                                                                                                  (734)           (1,331)
                    Closing Balance                                                                                                                                                                       2,942               2,870




For personal use only
                    Trade receivable ageing

                    The ageing of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                                  30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                        $’000                $’000
                    Current                                                                                                                                                                               71,617             58,388
                    0 to 60 days overdue                                                                                                                                                                      7,114           9,657
                    61 to 90 days overdue                                                                                                                                                                     5,129           4,646
                    Past due more than 91 days                                                                                                                                                            8,900              10,675
                    Closing Balance                                                                                                                                                                      92,760             83,366

                    Ageing has been calculated with reference to the trading terms of local clients (30 days) and international clients (90 days). No interest is charged on outstanding trade receivables.




                    Note 11. Current assets - other
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                                  30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                        $’000                $’000
                    Prepayments                                                                                                                                                                               3,287           2,888
                    Net investment in sub-lease                                                                                                                                                                482              307
                    Other current assets                                                                                                                                                                      1,667             850
                                                                                                                                                                                                          5,436              4,045




                    Note 12. Non-current assets

                    (a) Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                                  30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                        $’000                $’000
                    Leasehold improvements - at cost                                                                                                                                                      18,624              15,180
                    Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                                                                      (12,862)             (9,401)
                                                                                                                                                                                                          5,762               5,779
                    Plant and equipment - at cost                                                                                                                                                             1,425           1,659
                    Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                                                                        (1,240)             (1,413)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               185              246
                    Furniture, fixtures and fittings - at cost                                                                                                                                                3,351           5,000
                    Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                                                                       (2,984)             (3,910)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               367            1,090
                    Computer equipment - at cost                                                                                                                                                          21,466             27,255
                    Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                                                                       (19,158)           (24,192)
                                                                                                                                                                                                          2,308              3,063
                                                                                                                                                                                                          8,622              10,178




                                                         iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report        116
                    Note 12. Non-current assets (continued)

                    Reconciliations

                    Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out below:



                                                                                                                                                         Furniture,
                                                                                                            Leasehold                 Plant and                              Computer
                                                                                                                                                        fixtures and                            Total
                                                                                                          improvements               equipment                               equipment
                                                                                                                                                           fittings
                                                                                                                      $’000                 $’000               $’000              $’000                $’000
                    Balance as at 1 July 2020                                                                         6,808                   230                2,053              4,182               13,273




For personal use only
                    Additions                                                                                            269                      36                   86           1,423                 1,814
                    Additions through business combinations (note 28)                                                    139                        -                  13                39                 191
                    Disposals / Transfers                                                                               (180)                     83              (810)               357                (550)
                    Impairment                                                                                              -                       -                   -           (479)                (479)
                    Exchange differences                                                                                 145                  252                  (175)            (420)                 (198)
                    Depreciation expense                                                                              (1,402)                (355)                 (77)            (2,039)              (3,873)
                    Balance as at 30 June 2021                                                                         5,779                  246                1,090              3,063               10,178
                    Additions                                                                                          3,592                      38                    -            1,154               4,784
                    Reclasses                                                                                               -                       -                   -                (51)              (51)
                    Impairment                                                                                        (1,422)                       -             (451)                    -            (1,873)
                    Disposals                                                                                            (51)                     (3)                  (8)            (29)                 (91)
                    Exchange differences                                                                                  (3)                      2                   (4)               (12)              (17)
                    Depreciation expense                                                                              (2,133)                 (98)                (260)             (1,817)          (4,308)
                    Balance as at 30 June 2022                                                                         5,762                      185              367              2,308               8,622


                    (b) Leases

                    The Group enters leases in relation to office space and office equipment.

                    The Statement of Financial Position shows the following amounts relating to leases:



                                                                                                                                                             Premises          Equipment                 Total
                                                                                                                                                                $’000              $’000                $’000
                    Balance as at 1 July 2020                                                                                                                   38,540                268           38,808
                    Additions                                                                                                                                      526                    71              597
                    Additions through business combinations                                                                                                       1,186                    -              1,186
                    Remeasurements                                                                                                                                      -                  9                 9
                    Depreciation expense                                                                                                                        (8,446)              (142)           (8,588)
                    Disposals / reclasses                                                                                                                         (927)                    -             (927)
                    Exchange gains / (losses)                                                                                                                     (439)                   (7)            (446)
                    Balance as at 30 June 2021                                                                                                                 30,440                    199        30,639
                    Additions                                                                                                                                   14,035                   141            14,176
                    Depreciation expense                                                                                                                        (8,545)              (126)              (8,671)
                    Impairment expense                                                                                                                            (514)                    -              (514)
                    Remeasurements                                                                                                                                 (212)                   -              (212)
                    Disposals                                                                                                                                    (4,713)                   -            (4,713)
                    Exchange gains / (losses)                                                                                                                       210                    5               215
                    Balance as at 30 June 2022                                                                                                                  30,701                   219        30,920


                                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                              30 Jun 2022       30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                    $’000            $’000
                    Lease liabilities
                    Current                                                                                                                                                         11,621              10,012
                    Non-current                                                                                                                                                     31,122              33,223
                    Closing Balance                                                                                                                                                42,743           43,235

                    The Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                              30 Jun 2022       30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                    $’000            $’000
                    Depreciation charge - Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                       8,671                8,588
                    Interest expense (included in finance costs)                                                                                                                    1,644                 1,941
                    Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities (included in occupancy expenses)                                                  1,756                1,856
                    Income from subleasing of right-of-use assets (included in other income)                                                                                             (71)            (386)
                    Impairment of right-of-use assets and remeasurement of lease liability                                                                                               514               (13)

                    Total cash outflow for leases in 2022 was $12,561,000 (2021: $13,103,000).




                                                     iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report           117
                        Note 12. Non-current assets (continued)

                        (c) Intangibles

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                               30 Jun 2022       30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                     $’000            $’000
                        Goodwill - at cost                                                                                                                                                           299,954         296,434
                        Patents and trade marks - at cost                                                                                                                                             12,608             17,293
                        Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                                                                    (9)                (5)
                                                                                                                                                                                                     312,553         313,722
                        Capitalised software development - at cost                                                                                                                                     12,814            15,067




For personal use only
                        Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                                                                (8,587)         (9,370)
                                                                                                                                                                                                       4,227             5,697
                        Software acquired - at cost                                                                                                                                                    5,241                  -
                        Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                                                                (1,048)                 -
                                                                                                                                                                                                       4,193                  -
                        Customer Relationships                                                                                                                                                       217,446         218,284
                        Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                                                               (89,815)        (68,654)
                        Less: Impairment                                                                                                                                                                (961)             (961)
                                                                                                                                                                                                     126,670         148,669
                                                                                                                                                                                                     447,643         468,088

                        Reconciliations

                        Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out below:



                                                                                                                                                                     Capitalised
                                                                                                                       Patents and              Customer                                     Software
                                                                                                  Goodwill                                                            software                                   Total
                                                                                                                       trade marks             relationships                                 acquired
                                                                                                                                                                    development
                                                                                                           $’000                  $’000                 $’000                  $’000                  $’000              $’000
                        Balance as at 1 July 2020                                                        298,038                  17,232               163,219                  4,770                      -         483,259
                        Additions                                                                                -                        -                    -                4,364                      -             4,364
                        Additions through business combinations                                             1,986                         -              6,756                        -                    -             8,742
                        Exchange differences                                                               (3,590)                       61                 296                    (35)                    -          (3,268)
                        Amortisation expense                                                                     -                       (5)           (21,602)                (3,402)                     -         (25,009)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2021                                                       296,434                  17,288               148,669                  5,697                      -         468,088
                        Additions                                                                                -                        -                    -                2,406                       -            2,406
                        Additions through business combinations (note 28)                                    1,797                        -                    -                      -                5,241             7,038
                        Reclasses                                                                                -                        -                    -                     51                     -                51
                        Impairment1,2                                                                            -                (4,600)                      -                (1,684)                    -          (6,284)
                        Exchange differences                                                                 1,723                      (86)               (159)                 1,450                     -             2,928
                        Amortisation expense                                                                     -                       (3)           (21,840)                (3,693)                (1,048)        (26,584)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2022                                                       299,954                  12,599               126,670                   4,227                 4,193         447,643

                        1. Patent and trade mark impairment relates to assets previously under the Shelston IP brand which merged with Spruson & Ferguson during HY22.
                        2. Capitalised software development impairment relates to assets under Practice Insight which were assessed as part of the divestment completed after the reporting period

                        Impairment testing

                        For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to cash generating units (CGUs) that are an identifiable group of assets that generate cash associated with the goodwill.

                        A summary of the goodwill by CGU is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                               30 Jun 2022       30 Jun 2021
                        CGU                                           Segment                                                                                                                        $’000            $’000
                        Spruson & Ferguson Australia                  Australia & NZ                                                                                                                  90,484          52,958
                        Pizzeys                                       Australia & NZ                                                                                                                  68,263             68,158
                        AJ Park                                       Australia & NZ                                                                                                                  42,305          43,278
                        Spruson & Ferguson (Hong Kong)                Asia                                                                                                                            34,460             31,828
                        Griffith Hack                                 Australia & NZ                                                                                                                  54,362          54,006
                        Shelston
                                  1
                                                                      Australia & NZ                                                                                                                       -          36,992
                        Spruson & Ferguson Asia                       Asia                                                                                                                             9,715             8,888
                        Other                                         Asia                                                                                                                              365                 326
                        Closing Balance                                                                                                                                                              299,954         296,434

                        1. Goodwill under Shelston has in the current period been transferred to the Spruson & Ferguson Australia CGU




                                                           iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report          118
                        Note 12. Non-current assets (continued)
                        The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined primarily utilising a value-in-use calculation and secondly based on estimated net selling prices. Value-in-use calculations use cash flow
                        projections based on financial budgets prepared by management and approved by the Board. Cashflows for future years are extrapolated using the estimated growth rates stated below.
                        After five years a terminal growth rate is assumed and terminal value-in-use calculated. The terminal growth rates do not exceed the average growth rates that the business has
                        experienced and are generally lower than the short term growth rates assumed.

                                                                                                                                                                      Discount Rates1
                                                           5 yr EBITDA CAGR                             Terminal growth rates
                                                                                                                                            Pre-Tax              Pre-Tax          Post-Tax               Post-Tax
                        CGU                            2022                    2021                    2022                       2021       2022                 2021              2022                   2021
                                                          %                      %                       %                         %           %                    %                  %                     %
                        Spruson &                                                                                                 2.0
                                                         4.4                     4.2                    2.5                                   14.3                 13.6               10.0                  9.5
                        Ferguson Australia




For personal use only
                        Spruson &
                                                         8.0                    8.0                     2.5                       2.0         13.3                 12.6               11.0                  10.5
                        Ferguson Asia
                        Pizzeys                          5.4                     5.1                    2.5                       2.0         14.3                 13.6               10.0                  9.5
                        AJ Park                          3.3                    3.4                     2.5                       2.0         13.9                 13.2               10.0                  9.5
                        Spruson &
                        Ferguson Hong                   12.8                    13.2                    2.5                       2.0         14.4                 13.8               12.0                  11.5
                        Kong
                        Griffith Hack                    5.2                    5.5                     2.5                       2.0         14.3                 13.6               10.0                  9.5
                        Shelston                          -                      5.7                     -                        2.0          -                   13.6                -                    9.5

                        1. The post-tax discount rate has been applied to discount the future attributable post-tax cash flows.

                        At 30 June 2022, the assessed value-in-use for each CGU exceeded the carrying amounts of the CGU and no impairment loss was recognised. It has been determined that a reasonably
                        possible change in key assumptions would not result in an impairment loss for any CGU.



                        Note 13. Deferred tax assets/liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                Recognised in      Recognised in
                                                                                                                                         Opening balance                                               Closing Balance
                                                                                                                                                                 profit or loss          equity

                                                                                                                                                     $’000                $’000              $’000                 $’000
                        The net deferred tax liability comprises the following balances:
                        Loss allowance                                                                                                                  475                 164                   -                  639
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                 (608)                 659                   -                    51
                        Provisions                                                                                                                    5,287                (196)                   -                5,091
                        Accrued expenses                                                                                                                616                 (87)                   -                  529
                        Unbilled revenue                                                                                                              (1,176)              (467)                   -               (1,643)
                        Prepayments                                                                                                                     (42)                 39                    -                   (3)
                        Foreign exchange                                                                                                              (599)                 220                    -                (379)
                        Transaction costs                                                                                                             2,405                 236                    -                2,641
                        Leased assets                                                                                                                 3,418                (484)                   -                2,934
                        Software                                                                                                                        695                (269)                   -                 426
                        Intangible assets - Customer Relationships                                                                                 (44,607)               6,732                    -             (37,875)
                        Intangible assets - Trademarks                                                                                               (4,305)               1,380                   -               (2,925)
                        Sundry                                                                                                                        1,468                (862)                   -                 606
                        Financial Instruments                                                                                                           150                    -              (292)                  (142)
                        Tax losses                                                                                                                      557                (557)                   -                    -
                                                                                                                                                   (36,266)               6,508               (292)              (30,050)


                                                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                    30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                          $’000                $’000
                        Disclosed as:
                        Deferred tax asset                                                                                                                                                    2,974                    34
                        Deferred tax liability                                                                                                                                             (33,024)              (36,300)
                        Closing Balance                                                                                                                                                    (30,050)              (36,266)




                        Note 14. Current liabilities - trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                    30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                          $’000                $’000
                        Trade payables                                                                                                                                                        18,102               15,227
                        Sundry creditors and accruals                                                                                                                                         11,246                8,794
                        Closing Balance                                                                                                                                                      29,348                24,021




                                                              iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report             119
                        Note 15. Current liabilities - provisions
                                                                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                             30 Jun 2022         30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                   $’000              $’000
                        Employee benefits                                                                                                                                           17,689              21,451
                        Provision for onerous contracts                                                                                                                                136                   370
                        Closing Balance                                                                                                                                             17,825              21,821

                        Movement in provision for onerous contracts

                                                                                                                                                                                    Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                             30 Jun 2022         30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                   $’000              $’000
                        Opening balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                                                370                    523
                        Additions                                                                                                                                                        -                   169
                        Current / non-current reclasses                                                                                                                                135                   348
                        Payment of onerous contracts                                                                                                                                 (369)                  (670)
                        Closing Balance                                                                                                                                               136                    370




                        Note 16. Non-current liabilities - borrowings
                                                                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                             30 Jun 2022         30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                   $’000              $’000
                        Non Current
                        Multicurrency loan facility                                                                                                                                118,477             116,159
                                                                                                                                                                                   118,477             116,159

                        On 28 June 2021, the Group entered into a facilities agreement (‘Agreement’) with HSBC, Westpac, ANZ and CBA which refinanced the facilities previously outstanding with HSBC and
                        Westpac. The facilities under the Agreement comprise:

                        - A $115m multicurrency revolving loan facility

                        - A $70m acquisition term loan facility: and

                        - A $25m revolving credit facility for the general corporate purposes of the Group.

                        The Agreement matures on 4 July 2024.

                        Assets pledged as security

                        The bank facility made available by HSBC, ANZ, CBA and Westpac is secured against assets from IPH Limited and a number of its wholly owned subsidiaries.

                        Financing arrangements

                        Unrestricted access was available at the reporting date to the following lines of credit:

                                                                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                             30 Jun 2022         30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                   $’000              $’000
                        Total facilities
                        Loan facilities                                                                                                                                            185,000            185,000
                        Working capital facility                                                                                                                                   25,000              25,000
                                                                                                                                                                                   210,000            210,000
                        Used at the reporting date
                        Loan facilities                                                                                                                                            118,477             116,159
                                                                                                                                                                                   118,477             116,159

                        Bank guarantees drawn under working capital facility                                                                                                        10,008              8,760

                        Unused at reporting date
                        Loan facilities                                                                                                                                            66,523              68,841
                        Working capital facility                                                                                                                                    14,992             16,240
                                                                                                                                                                                    81,515             85,081




                                                          iphltd.com.au                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report            120
                        Note 17. Non-current liabilities - provisions
                                                                                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                   30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                         $’000                $’000
                        Employee benefits                                                                                                                                                  2,998                  730
                        Provision for onerous contracts                                                                                                                                         -                     135
                        Other provisions                                                                                                                                                     905                      188
                        Closing Balance                                                                                                                                                    3,903                 1,053

                        Movement in provision for onerous contracts




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                   30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                         $’000                $’000
                        Opening balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                                                        135                 643
                        Additions                                                                                                                                                               -                       -
                        Current / non-current reclasses                                                                                                                                     (135)                (348)
                        Payment of onerous contracts                                                                                                                                            -                 (160)
                        Closing Balance                                                                                                                                                         -                     135




                        Note 18. Equity - issued capital
                                                                                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                   30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                         $’000                $’000
                        Ordinary Class shares - fully paid                                                           218,819,232          217,203,866                                   424,809               417,079
                                                                                                                    218,819,232          217,203,866                                    424,809               417,079

                        Movements in ordinary share capital
                                                                                                                                                 Date                                    Shares                $’000
                        Opening balance                                                                                                     1 July 2020                              214,396,164              402,149
                        Performance and retention rights exercised                                                                 11 September 2020                                     553,071                        -
                        Dividend reinvestment - final dividend (note 21)                                                           18 September 2020                                    950,862                 6,462
                        Acquisition of Baldwins Intellectual Property                                                                16 October 2020                                     335,016                2,447
                        Dividend reinvestment - interim dividend                                                                        19 March 2021                                   968,753                  6,021
                        Balance as at 30 June 2021                                                                                                                                  217,203,866               417,079
                        Performance and retention rights exercised                                                                     23 August 2021                                    615,061                        -
                        Performance and retention rights exercised                                                                 15 September 2021                                     125,563                        -
                        Dividend reinvestment - final dividend (note 21)                                                           17 September 2021                                    546,902                 5,052
                        Dividend reinvestment - final dividend (note 21)                                                                18 March 2022                                   327,840                 2,678
                        Balance as at 30 June 2022                                                                                                                                  218,819,232              424,809

                        Ordinary shares

                        Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. The
                        fully paid ordinary shares have no par value and the Company does not have a limited amount of authorised capital.

                        On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and upon a poll each shall have one vote.

                        Employee Share Trust

                        On 1 July 2017, IPH established the Employee Share Trust for the purpose of acquiring and allocating shares granted through the IPH Employee Incentive Plan. As at 30 June 2022, the
                        number of shares held by the trust was 1,308,672 (30 June 2021: 866,186). 740,624 shares were issued to the trust during the year.

                        Share buy-back

                        There were no shares bought back during the year ended 30 June 2022.

                        Capital risk management

                        The Group’s objectives when managing capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so that it can provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders
                        and to maintain an optimum capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to
                        reduce debt.

                        The Group would look to raise capital when an opportunity to invest in a business or company was seen as value adding relative to the current Company’s share price at the time of the
                        investment.

                        The Group is subject to certain financing arrangements covenants and meeting these is given priority in all capital risk management decisions. There have been no events of default on the
                        financing arrangements during the financial year.

                        Dividend reinvestment plan

                        The group operates a dividend reinvestment plan. The issue price is the average of the daily volume weighted average market price of all shares sold by normal trade during the 10 trading
                        days commencing on the second trading day following the dividend record date.




                                                          iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report               121
                    Note 19. Equity - reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                      $’000                $’000
                    Foreign currency reserve                                                                                                                                              533                (1,959)
                    Equity settled employee benefits reserve                                                                                                                           15,050                10,200
                    Minority interest acquisition reserve                                                                                                                             (14,814)              (14,814)
                    Other reserve                                                                                                                                                       5,757                5,073
                                                                                                                                                                                        6,526               (1,500)




For personal use only
                    Foreign currency reserve

                    The reserve is used to recognise exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations to Australian dollars. It is also used to recognise gains
                    and losses on hedges of the net investments in foreign operations.

                    Equity settled employee benefits reserve

                    The reserve is used to recognise the value of equity benefits provided to employees and Directors as part of their remuneration, and other parties as part of their compensation for
                    services. Specifically the reserve relates to performance rights issued by the Company to its employees under its LTIP.

                    Minority interest acquisition reserve

                    This reserve represents the difference between the amount by which non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received, where there is no
                    change in control and arose on the initial listing of IPH.

                    Other reserve

                    This reserve includes the following items:

                    - fair value gains or losses in investments in equity instruments designated as FVTOCI; and

                    - revaluation of hedging instruments.

                    Movements in reserves

                    Movements in each class of reserve during the current and previous financial year are presented in the Statement of Changes in Equity.




                    Note 20. Equity - retained profits
                                                                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                      $’000                $’000
                    Retained profits at the beginning of the financial year                                                                                                             11,213              20,045
                    Profit after income tax expense for the year attributable to owners of IPH Limited                                                                                52,564                53,600
                    Dividends paid                                                                                                                                                    (65,401)             (62,432)
                    Closing Balance                                                                                                                                                    (1,624)               11,213




                    Note 21. Equity - dividends
                                                                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                      Cents per share                 $’000                $’000
                    Interim dividend
                    December 2020 - paid 19 March 2021                                                                                                              14.0                     -              30,273
                    December 2021 - paid 18 March 2022                                                                                                              14.5                31,681                       -

                    Final dividend
                    June 2020 - paid 18 September 2020                                                                                                               15.0                    -               32,159
                    June 2021 - paid 17 September 2021                                                                                                               15.5              33,720                        -

                    On 18 August 2022, the Company declared an ordinary dividend of 16 cents per share (franked at 50%) to be paid on 16 September 2022. The dividend value is $35,011,189. No provision for
                    this dividend has been recognised in the Statement of Financial Position as at 30 June 2022, as it was declared after the end of the financial year.

                    Dividend Reinvestment Plan

                    The Dividend Reinvestment Plan was active during the financial year. 874,742 (2021: 1,919,615) shares were issued to participants totalling $7,730,000 (2021: $12,483,000).

                    Franking Credits

                                                                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                      $’000                $’000
                    Franking credits available for subsequent financial years based on a tax rate of 30%                                                                                3,145                2,050




                                                     iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report              122
                    Note 22. Financial instruments
                    Financial risk management objectives

                    The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the
                    Group. The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise of cash and bank loan facilities. The main purpose of financial instruments is to manage liquidity and
                    hedge the Group’s exposure to financial risks, namely:

                    - foreign currency risk;
                    - interest rate risk;
                    - liquidity risk; and
                    - credit risk.




For personal use only
                    The Group uses derivatives to reduce the Group’s exposure to fluctuations in interest rates . These derivatives create an obligation or a right that effectively transfers one or more of the
                    risks associated with an underlying financial instrument, asset or obligation. Derivative financial instruments that the Group uses to hedge its risks include:

                    - interest rate swaps; and
                    - foreign exchange contracts

                    The Group does not trade in derivative instruments for speculative purposes. The Group uses different methods to measure the different types of risks to which it is exposed, including
                    sensitivity analysis in the case of interest rate and foreign exchange and ageing analysis for credit risk.

                    i) Market risk

                    Foreign currency risk

                    The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currency and is exposed to foreign currency risk through foreign exchange rate fluctuations.

                    Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised financial assets and financial liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the entity’s functional
                    currency. The risk is measured using sensitivity analysis and cash flow forecasting. The focus is on minimising exposure to fluctuations in the rate of the United States Dollar (“USD”) and the
                    European Union’s Euro (“EUR”) which represent most of the Group’s foreign currency exposure.

                    The Group’s net asset exposure at the reporting date was as follows:

                                                                                          A$'000               US$'000               €'000                 S$000               NZD$000                   Other1
                    30 June 2022
                    Net asset exposure (Local Currency)                                   349,280               39,030                3,740                 8,279                7,076                    3,104

                    30 June 2021
                    Net asset exposure (Local Currency)                                    362,272              37,093                3,126                 7,959                7,850                    1,271

                    1. Australian dollar equivalent.

                    The sensitivity of the Group's Australian dollar denominated Profit or Loss account and Statement of Financial Position to foreign currency movements is based on a 10% fluctuation (2021:
                    10% fluctuation) on the average rates during the financial year. This analysis assumes that all other variables including interest rates remain constant. A 10% movement in the average
                    foreign exchange rates would have impacted the Group's profit after tax and equity as follows:

                                                                                                                       Consolidated                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021                                30 Jun 2022             30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                      $’000                $’000                                       $’000                  $’000
                    USD                                                                                                  5,148                 4,492                                   (5,663)                    (4,941)
                    Euro                                                                                                  516                   450                                       (567)                    (495)
                    SGD                                                                                                   785                    717                                      (864)                     (788)
                    NZD                                                                                                   581                   664                                       (640)                     (731)
                    Other currencies                                                                                      282                    116                                        (310)                   (127)
                                                                                                                         7,312                6,439                                   (8,044)                     (7,082)

                    Interest rate risk

                    The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from its borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to interest rate risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group
                    to fair value interest rate risk. The Group’s policy is to seek to reduce its interest rate exposure using interest rate swaps. Instruments in place at year end are summarised in the table
                    below:


                                                                                                                                 Carrying amount Notional amount              Hedge ranges          Average maturity

                                                                                                                                    ($'000's)            ($'000's)               % p.a.               profile years
                    as at 30 June 2022
                    Interest rate swaps                                                                                                472                 50,000               0.79-0.92                  <5

                    as at 30 June 2021
                    Interest rate swaps                                                                                               (503)                50,000               0.79-0.92                  <5

                    As at the reporting date, the Group had the following variable rate borrowings outstanding:

                                                                                                        30 Jun 2022                                                     30 Jun 2021
                                                                                       Weighted average interest rate                Balance           Weighted average interest rate                   Balance
                                                                                                    %                                 $’000                         %                                    $’000
                    Multicurrency loan facility                                                        2.83                          118,477                           1.49                              116,159
                                                                                                                                     118,477                                                             116,159




                                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report                123
                    Note 22. Financial instruments (continued)

                    ii) Liquidity risk

                    Liquidity risk management requires the Group to maintain sufficient liquid assets (mainly cash and cash equivalents) and available borrowing facilities to be able to pay debts as and when
                    they become due and payable.

                    The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash reserves and available borrowing facilities by continuously monitoring actual and forecast cash flows and matching the
                    maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

                    Refer to the Remaining Contractual Maturities section in this note for a breakdown of future cash commitments of the Group.

                    iii) Credit risk




For personal use only
                    Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group. The Group may obtain payment in advance or restrict the
                    services offered where appropriate to mitigate credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date to recognised financial assets is the carrying amount, net of any
                    provisions for impairment of those assets, as disclosed in the Statement of Financial Position and notes to the financial statements. The Group does not have any material credit risk
                    exposure to any single debtor or group of debtors and does not hold any collateral.

                    iv) Price risk

                    The Group is not exposed to any significant price risk.

                    Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities

                    The Group presents its derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis.

                    Derivative financial instruments

                    Fair value hedge
                    A fair value hedge is a hedge of the exposure to changes in fair value of an asset or liability that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect the Statement of Comprehensive
                    Income. Changes in the fair value of derivatives (hedging instruments) that are designated as fair value hedges are recorded in profit or loss, together with any changes in the fair value of
                    the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk (hedged item).
                    If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the adjustment to the carrying amount of a hedged item for which the effective interest method is used is amortised to
                    profit or loss over the period to maturity using a recalculated effective interest rate.

                    Cashflow hedge

                    A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash flows attributable to a particular risk of a highly probable forecast transaction or a recognised asset or liability. The
                    effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income in equity via the cash flow hedge reserve.
                    Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss. Any gain or loss related to ineffectiveness is recognised in profit
                    or loss immediately.


                    At inception of a hedge relationship the Group formally designates and documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with the risk
                    management objectives and strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. Both at inception and on an ongoing basis the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting changes in cash
                    flows and fair values of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging relationship meets all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:

                    - an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
                    - effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship; and
                    - hedge ratio of the designated hedge is the same; that is the Group hedges the same quantity of the hedging instrument and the hedged item.


                    Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires, is terminated, is no longer in an effective hedge relationship, or the forecast transaction is no longer expected to
                    occur. The fair value gain or loss of derivatives recorded in equity is recognised in profit or loss over the period that the forecast transaction is recorded in profit or loss. If the forecast
                    transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss in equity is recognised in profit or loss immediately.

                    Effects of hedge accounting on the financial position and performance

                    The effects of the interest rate swaps on the Group's financial position and performance are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                  30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                        $’000                $’000
                    Carrying amount                                                                                                                                                          472                 (503)
                    Notional amount                                                                                                                                                      50,000               50,000
                    Maturity date                                                                                                                                                          2023                  2023
                    Hedge ratio                                                                                                                                                                 1:1                    1:1
                    Change in fair value of outstanding hedging instruments since inception of hedge                                                                                         472                 (503)
                    Change in value of hedged item used to determine hedge effectiveness                                                                                                   (472)                  503
                    Weighted average hedged rate for the year                                                                                                                            -0.94%                  1.01%

                    The group has the following derivative financial instruments in the following line items in the Statement of Financial Position:

                                                                                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                  30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                        $’000                $’000
                    Current assets
                    Interest rate swaps - cash flow hedges                                                                                                                                 (472)                        -
                                                                                                                                                                                           ( 4 72 )                     -

                    Non-current liabilities
                    Interest rate swaps - cash flow hedges                                                                                                                                       -                503
                                                                                                                                                                                                 -                503




                                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report                124
                    Note 22. Financial instruments (continued)

                    Remaining contractual maturities

                    The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial instrument liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
                    financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the financial liabilities are required to be paid. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows disclosed as remaining
                    contractual maturities and therefore these totals may differ from their carrying amount in the statement of financial position.

                    The cash flows in the maturity analysis below are not expected to occur significantly earlier than contractually disclosed below:

                                                                                          Weighted                                                                                                      Remaining
                                                                                                                                  Between 1 and 2 Between 2 and
                    Consolidated - 30 June 2022                                        average interest        1 year or less                                                    Over 5 years           contractual
                                                                                                                                       years          5 years
                                                                                            rate                                                                                                         maturities




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                     $’000                 $’000
                    Non-derivatives
                    Non-interest bearing
                    Trade payables                                                           0.00%                 18,102                   -                     -                     -                   18,102
                    Sundry creditors and accruals                                            0.00%                 11,246                   -                     -                     -                   11,246
                    Deferred consideration                                                   0.00%                    -                   2,100                   -                     -                    2,100
                    Interest-bearing - variable
                    Lease liabilities                                                        3.31%                 12,933                 7,691                17,388                 10,103                48,115
                    Multi-option facility                                                    2.83%                  3,357                 3,357                121,834                  -                  128,548
                                                                                                                   45,638                13,148                139,222                10,103               208,111


                                                                                          Weighted                                                                                                      Remaining
                                                                                                                                  Between 1 and 2 Between 2 and
                    Consolidated - 30 June 2021                                        average interest        1 year or less                                                    Over 5 years           contractual
                                                                                                                                       years          5 years
                                                                                            rate                                                                                                         maturities
                                                                                                                                                                                     $’000                 $’000
                    Non-derivatives
                    Non-interest bearing
                    Trade payables                                                           0.00%                 15,227                   -                     -                     -                   15,227
                    Sundry creditors and accruals                                            0.00%                 8,794                    -                     -                     -                   8,794
                    Interest-bearing - variable
                    Lease liabilities                                                        4.49%                 11,546                 8,863                 17,541               10,366                48,316
                    Multi-option facility                                                    1.49%                  1,731                 1,731                117,890                  -                  121,352
                                                                                                                   37,298                10,594                135,431               10,366               193,689

                    The following tables detail the Group's assets and liabilities, measured or disclosed at fair value, using a three level hierarchy, based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the
                    entire fair value measurement, being:

                    Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date.
                    Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
                    Level 3 Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

                    The Board considers that the carrying amount of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in the financial statements approximate their fair value.

                    The table below shows the assigned level for each asset and liability held at fair value by the Group:

                    Consolidated - 30 June 2022                                                                                                   Level 1             Level 2                Level 3                  Total
                                                                                                                                                  $’000                $’000                  $’000                  $’000
                    Financial assets measured at fair value
                    Interest rate swaps - cashflow hedges                                                                                               -                (472)                      -                 (472)
                    Total current assets                                                                                                                -                (472)                     -                  (472)


                    Consolidated - 30 June 2021                                                                                                   Level 1             Level 2                Level 3                  Total
                                                                                                                                                  $’000                $’000                  $’000                  $’000
                    Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                    Interest rate swaps - cashflow hedges                                                                                               -                 503                       -                   503
                    Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                       -                 503                      -                    503




                    Note 23. Key management personnel disclosures
                    Compensation

                    The aggregate compensation made to Directors and other members of key management personnel of the Group is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                     30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                               $                     $
                    Short-term employee benefits                                                                                                                                         2,971,988             3,190,346
                    Post-employment benefits                                                                                                                                                 124,344             122,502
                    Long-term benefits                                                                                                                                                      (103,296)               59,545
                    Share-based payments                                                                                                                                                    733,220             964,622
                                                                                                                                                                                        3,726,256             4,337,015




                                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report            125
                    Note 24. Remuneration of auditors

                    During the financial year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the auditor of the Company, and unrelated firms:

                                                                                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                              30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                        $                     $
                    Audit services - Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (Australia)
                    Audit or review of the financial statements                                                                                                                    539,400               491,400
                    Other assurance services                                                                                                                                         18,000               17,850
                                                                                                                                                                                   557,400              509,250




For personal use only
                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (Singapore)
                    Audit or review of the financial statements                                                                                                                      66,472               66,800
                                                                                                                                                                                    66,472               66,800

                    Audit services - unrelated firms
                    Audit or review of the financial statements                                                                                                                     39,406                42,452

                    Other services - unrelated firms
                    Corporate and taxation services                                                                                                                                  78,177               79,126
                                                                                                                                                                                    117,583              121,578




                    Note 25. Contingent liabilities
                    The Group has given bank guarantees in respect of leased office premises as at 30 June 2022 of $10,008,110 (2021: $8,760,000).

                    From time to time failures or defects in the lodgement or prosecution of intellectual property rights by Group businesses or their associates may occur. Whilst in most cases the failure or
                    defect is able to be remedied with the relevant intellectual property offices, the Group maintains professional indemnity insurances to insure against loss arising from such events. Any
                    material matters which could result in a possible outflow to the Group are disclosed with appropriate provisions made for probable outflows.



                    Note 26. Related party transactions
                    Parent entity

                    IPH Limited is the parent entity.

                    Subsidiaries

                    Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 30.

                    Key management personnel

                    Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in note 23 and the remuneration report in the Directors’ report.

                    Transactions with related parties

                    There were no additional transactions with related parties.




                    Note 27. Parent entity information

                    Set out below is the supplementary information about the parent entity.

                                                                                                                                                                                         Parent
                                                                                                                                                                              30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                    $’000                $’000
                    Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                    Profit after income tax                                                                                                                                         59,568                79,828
                    Other comprehensive income                                                                                                                                          684                        -
                                                                                                                                                                                    60,252                79,828

                    Statement of financial position
                    Total current assets                                                                                                                                            140,705              123,948
                    Total assets                                                                                                                                                   585,476               571,827
                    Total current liabilities                                                                                                                                         6,688                5,037
                    Total liabilities                                                                                                                                               130,553               121,850
                    Equity
                    Issued capital                                                                                                                                                 424,809               417,079
                    Equity settled employee benefits reserve                                                                                                                          13,816               11,406
                    Other Reserves                                                                                                                                                     5,741               5,059
                    Retained earnings                                                                                                                                                10,557               16,433
                                                                                                                                                                                   454,923              449,977




                                                        iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report              126
                    Note 27. Parent entity information (continued)

                    Guarantees entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries

                    Other than the security provided for the debt facility agreement as disclosed in note 16, the parent entity had no guarantees in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries as at 30 June 2022
                    apart from being party to the deed of cross guarantee as detailed in Note 34.

                    Contingent liabilities

                    The parent entity had no contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2022.

                    Capital commitments - Property, plant and equipment

                    The parent entity had no capital commitments for property, plant and equipment as at 30 June 2022.




For personal use only
                    Significant accounting policies

                    The accounting policies of the parent entity are consistent with those of the Group, as disclosed in note 2.




                    Note 28. Business combinations
                    On 1 July 2021 the Group completed the acquisition of Applied Marks Pty Ltd (Applied Marks). The final agreed purchase price was cash consideration of $5,000,000 and an additional
                    contingent consideration estimated to be $2,037,987 at reporting date.

                    Founded in 2008, Applied Marks is a leading Australian online automated trade mark application platform, also providing automated registration and intelligence services relating to
                    companies and domain names, both directly to customers and through channel partners.

                    The accounting for the acquisition was finalised during the financial year.

                    Consideration transferred

                    The following table summarises the acquisition date fair value of each major class of consideration transferred.

                                                                                                                                                                                                            $’000
                    Cash                                                                                                                                                                                     5,000
                    Deferred contingent consideration                                                                                                                                                        2,038
                    Total purchase consideration                                                                                                                                                             7,038

                    The Group incurred acquisition costs of $26,500. These costs have been included in business acquisition expenses in the Statement of Profit or Loss.

                    Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed

                    The following table summarises the recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition.

                                                                                                                                                                                                         1 Jul 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                             $’000
                    Cash                                                                                                                                                                                            8
                    Other Assets                                                                                                                                                                                    13
                    Intangible assets - software acquired                                                                                                                                                     5,241
                    Other Liabilities                                                                                                                                                                            (21)
                    Net assets acquired                                                                                                                                                                       5,241
                    Goodwill                                                                                                                                                                                  1,797
                    Acquisition-date fair value of total consideration transferred                                                                                                                           7,038
                    Cash used to acquire business, net of cash acquired:
                    Acquisition-date fair value of total consideration transferred                                                                                                                           7,038
                    Less: acquired cash                                                                                                                                                                          (8)
                    Less: deferred contingent consideration                                                                                                                                                 (2,038)
                    Net cash used                                                                                                                                                                            4,992

                    Balwdins Intellectual Property

                    On 16 October 2020, the Group completed the acquisition of New Zealand intellectual property firm Baldwins Intellectual Property (Baldwins).

                    The final accounting for the acquisition was finalised during the previous financial year.



                    Note 29. Events after the reporting period
                    The sale of Practice Insight to Anaqua Inc was completed on 19th July 2022 for $1m. The Group had recognised write downs of $2.2m in relation to this transaction in the Financial Report to
                    30 June 2022.

                    On 18th August 2022, IPH Limited signed an agreement to acquire the IP agency practice of Smart & Biggar, Canada’s leading intellectual property services firm.

                    The transaction consideration of approximately C$348m will be funded by debt facilities, cash and the issuance of IPH shares to the vendors.

                    The consideration comprises upfront cash consideration of C$241m; initial issue of 5.3m new IPH shares with a value of C$41m (escrowed for 2 years) and deferred issue of new IPH shares
                    up to value of C$66m (escrowed for 2 years)

                    IPH has agreed amended debt facilities with its existing bank financiers as part of the transaction.

                    The fair value assessment of the assets and liabilities acquired is yet to be assessed due to the proximity of the date of acquisition to the date of this financial report.




                                                      iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report           127
                    Note 30. Interest in subsidiaries

                    The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in accordance with the accounting policies described in note 2:


                                                                                        Principal place of business/Country Principal                                                 Ownership              Ownership
                    Name
                                                                                        of incorporation                    activities                                                 Interest               Interest

                                                                                                                                                                                      30 Jun 2022           30 Jun 2021
                    AJ Park IP Ltd                                                     New Zealand                                   Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                    AJ Park IP Pty Ltd                                                 Australia                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                    AJ Park Law Ltd
                                      5
                                                                                       New Zealand                                   Lawyers                                               0%                     0%




For personal use only
                    Applied Marks Pty Ltd
                                                2,3,6
                                                                                       Australia                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                    0%
                    IPH US Inc.
                                 6
                                                                                       United States of America                      Support services                                     100%                    0%
                    IPH Holdings (Asia) Pte Ltd                                        Singapore                                     Non trading entity                                   100%                   100%
                        IPH (Thailand) Ltd
                                          4
                                                                                       Thailand                                      Non trading entity                                    49%                   49%
                          Spruson & Ferguson Ltd                                       Thailand                                      Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                        Pizzeys Pte Ltd                                                Singapore                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                        PT Spruson Ferguson Indonesia                                  Indonesia                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                    IPH Services Pty Ltd
                                              2,3
                                                                                       Australia                                     Support services                                     100%                   100%
                    Pizzeys Patent & Trade Mark Attorneys Pty Ltd
                                                                      2,3
                                                                                       Australia                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                    Practice Insight Pty Limited2,3                                    Australia                                     Data analysis and software                           100%                   100%
                     WiseTime LLC                                                      United States of America                      Data analysis and software                           100%                   100%
                    Spruson & Ferguson (Hong Kong) Ltd                                 Hong Kong                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                        Beijing Pat SF Intellectual Property Agency Co Ltd
                                                                           5
                                                                                    China                                            Patent attorneys                                      0%                     0%
                        Spruson & Ferguson Intellectual Property Agency (Beijing) CoChina                                            Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                    Spruson & Ferguson Limited                                         Hong Kong                                     Non trading entity                                   100%                   100%
                    Spruson & Ferguson Pty Limited2,3                                  Australia                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                     Spruson & Ferguson (Asia) Pte Limited                             Singapore                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                        Spruson & Ferguson Lawyers Pty Limited2,3                      Australia                                     Lawyers                                              100%                   100%
                        Spruson & Ferguson (M) SDN BHD                                 Malaysia                                      Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                     Spruson & Ferguson (NSW) Pty Limited
                                                                2,3
                                                                                       Australia                                     Non trading entity                                   100%                   100%
                    WiseTime GmbH                                                      Germany                                       Data analysis and software                           100%                   100%
                    Xenith IP Group Pty Ltd2,3                                         Australia                                     Non trading entity                                   100%                   100%
                        Griffith Hack Holdings Pty Ltd2,3                              Australia                                     Non trading entity                                   100%                   100%
                         GH PTM Pty Ltd2,3                                             Australia                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                           GH Law Pty Ltd2,3                                           Australia                                     Lawyers                                              100%                   100%
                           Intellectual Property Management Pty Ltd2,3                 Australia                                     Non trading entity                                   100%                   100%
                         Glasshouse Advisory Pty Ltd2,3                                Australia                                     Non trading entity                                   100%                   100%
                        Shelston IP Lawyers Pty Ltd2,3                                 Australia                                     Lawyers                                              100%                   100%
                        Shelston IP Pty Ltd2,3                                         Australia                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                        Watermark Holdings Pty Ltd2,3                                  Australia                                     Non trading entity                                   100%                   100%
                         Watermark Advisory Services Pty Ltd2,3                        Australia                                     Non trading entity                                   100%                   100%
                         Watermark Australasia Pty Ltd2,3,6                            Australia                                     Non trading entity                                   100%                   100%
                         Watermark Intellectual Property Lawyers Pty Ltd2,3            Australia                                     Lawyers                                              100%                   100%
                         Watermark Intellectual Property Pty Ltd2,3                    Australia                                     Patent attorneys                                     100%                   100%
                        Xenith IP Services Pty Ltd2,3                                  Australia                                     Support services                                     100%                   100%

                    1. IPH Limited is the head entity within the tax consolidated group.
                    2. These companies are members of the tax consolidated group.
                    3. These wholly owned subsidiaries entered into a deed of cross guarantee with IPH limited pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 and are relieved from the
                    requirements to prepare and lodge an audited financial report (note 34).
                    4. The Group holds 90.6% of the voting rights and thus has control of this entity.
                    5. These entities have Alliance Agreements with Group entities which results in consolidation in the IPH Group for Accounting purposes.
                    6. These entites were acquired or incorporated by IPH Group in the financial year ended 30 June 2022.




                    Note 31. Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                         30 Jun 2022            30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                               $’000                 $’000
                    Profit after income tax                                                                                                                                                      52,564                53,600
                    Profit after income tax attributable to the owners of IPH Limited                                                                                                            52,564                53,600

                                                                                                                                                                                              Number                  Number
                    Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating basic earnings per share1                                                                              218,169,060            216,090,337
                    Options over ordinary shares                                                                                                                                                954,781                555,135
                    Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating diluted earnings per share                                                                              219,123,841           216,645,472

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Cents                  Cents
                    Basic earnings per share                                                                                                                                                        24.09               24.80
                    Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                                                      23.99               24.74

                    1. Treasury shares of 179,889 held by the employee share trust have been excluded from the weighted average number of shares in accordance with AASB 133 Earnings Per Share .




                                                         iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report           128
                    Note 32. Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash from operating activities
                                                                                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                               30 Jun 2022            30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                     $’000                 $’000

                    Profit after income tax                                                                                                                                           52,564                 53,600

                    Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                    Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                                                     39,563                 37,470
                    Impairment of Intangible assets                                                                                                                                    6,284                        -
                    Lease liability revaluations and loss on disposal of fixed assets                                                                                                  2,478                    308




For personal use only
                    Unrealised foreign exchange                                                                                                                                       (1,539)                (4,070)
                    Share-based payments                                                                                                                                               4,850                  3,578

                    Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                    Decrease/(Increase) in trade and other receivables                                                                                                                (8,340)                   7,121
                    (Decrease) in deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                            (6,216)                 (3,314)
                    Decrease/(Increase) in other assets                                                                                                                               (1,652)                  (1,101)
                    Increase/(Decrease) in trade and other payables                                                                                                                    4,109                 (2,703)
                    Increase/(Decrease) in provision for income tax                                                                                                                       1,299               (1,153)
                    Increase/(Decrease) in deferred revenue                                                                                                                               1,516                  169
                    Increase in provisions                                                                                                                                                 (37)               2,744
                                                                                                                                                                                      94,879                 92,649




                    Note 33. Share-based payments
                    On 24 October 2014, the Long Term Incentive Plan ('LTIP') was adopted by the Board of Directors and was established to attract, motivate and retain key staff. Participation in the LTIP is at
                    the Board's discretion and no individual has a contracted right to participate in the LTIP or to recieve any guaranteed benefits.

                    Revised IPH Limited Employee Incentive Plan - November 2016

                    A new incentive plan, the IPH limited Employee Incentive Plan (the "Incentive Plan"), was approved at the AGM on 16 November 2016. This plan replaced the existing Long Term Incentive
                    Plan and Retention Rights Plan. Each performance right issued under the Incentive Plan converts into one ordinary share of IPH Limited on exercise. No amounts are paid or payable by the
                    recipient of the performance right, and the performance rights carry neither rights to dividends nor voting rights. The performance rights are treated as in substance options and
                    accounted for as share-based payments.

                    The conditions attached to rights issued under the Incentive Plan can be in the form of a retention requirement or other Key Performance Indicator (KPI) metric for the Group, business
                    unit and individual.

                    Movement in Performance Rights issued under the new Incentive Plan during the financial year were:


                                                                                                            Balance at the                                                   Expired/             Balance at the
                                    Grant Date                       Final vesting date   Exercise price                           Granted              Exercised
                                                                                                           start of the year                                             forefeited/ other        end of the year

                              KPI - FY21 - 16 Sept 20                    31 Aug 2021          $0.00            527,860                  -                (527,860)                -                      -
                               KPI - FY22 - 15 Sept 21                   31 Aug 20221         $0.00                -               1,056,104                 -                (515,145)              540,959
                               KPI - FY22 - 15 Sept 21                   15 Sept 20231        $0.00                -                 6,943                   -                    -                   6,943
                    Total performance rights                                                                   527,860             1,063,047            (527,860)             (515,145)              547,902

                    1. Vesting at Boards discretion prior to this date

                    The performance rights that vest are converted into shares and held on behalf of the employee in the IPH Employee Share Trust for a further three years. The employees receive dividends
                    whilst the shares are in trust but are unable to trade the shares. Shares are forfeited should the employee cease to be an employee during the three year holding period. A share based
                    payment charge is recognised in the profit and loss account during this period of restriction.

                    IPH Executives - Long Term Incentive

                    An executive long term incentive was introduced during FY18. Performance rights vest subject to achievement of a minimum compound annual growth rate in EPS over the period. The
                    Board will determine a target for EPS for the performance period. For vesting to occur, EPS for the performance period must be at least equal to the Minimum EPS target.
                    EPS Targets for the FY19 plan are:
                    - Minimum EPS Target: 7% CAGR in EPS over the three year performance period ending on 30 June; and
                    - EPS Target: 15% CAGR in EPS over the three year performance period ending on 30 June.
                    Vesting of Rights is as follows:
                    - Less than 7% CAGR in EPS over the performance period - nil vesting
                    - Equal to 7% CAGR in EPS over the performance period - 20% vesting
                    - Greater than 7% CAGR in EPS up to and including 10% - straight line vesting between 20% and 65%
                    - Greater than 10% CAGR in EPS up to and including 15% CAGR - straight line vesting between 65% and 100%
                    - At or above 15% CAGR in EPS over the performance period - 100% vesting
                    EPS Targets for the FY20, FY21 and FY22 plans are:
                    - Minimum EPS Target: 5% CAGR in EPS over the three year performance period ending on 30 June; and
                    - EPS Target: 12.5% CAGR in EPS over the three year performance period ending on 30 June.
                    Vesting of Rights is as follows:
                    - Less than 5% CAGR in EPS over the performance period - nil vesting
                    - Equal to 5% CAGR in EPS over the performance period - 25% vesting
                    - Greater than 5% CAGR in EPS up to and including 12.5% - pro-rated vesting on a straight line basis
                    - At or above 12.5% CAGR in EPS over the performance period - 100% vesting




                                                          iphltd.com.au                                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report             129
                    Note 33. Share-based payments (continued)

                                                                         Final vesting                      Balance at the                                                Expired/            Balance at the
                                    Grant Date                                           Exercise price                            Granted              Exercised
                                                                             date1                         start of the year                                          forefeited/ other       end of the year

                                   LTI - 26 Nov 18                        1 Sept 2021        $0.00              212,789                 -                (212,789)            -                      -
                                   LTI - 22 Nov 19                        1 Sept 2022        $0.00              377,044                 -                      -          (176,457)              200,587
                                    LTI - 7 Dec 20                        1 Sept 2023        $0.00              369,768                 -                      -              -                  369,768
                                   LTI - 15 Sep 21                       30 Jun 2024         $0.00                  -               261,029                    -              -                   261,029
                                   LTI - 19 Nov 21                       30 Jun 2024         $0.00                  -               177,264                    -              -                   177,264
                    Total performance rights                                                                    959,601             438,293              (212,789)        (176,457)             1,008,648




For personal use only
                    1. Vesting at Boards discretion prior to this date

                    Fair value of retention and performance rights granted

                    The weighted average share price during the financial year was $8.33 (2021: $6.94).
                    The weighted average remaining contractual life of rights outstanding at the end of the financial year was 0.9 years (2021: 0.9 years)
                    The weighted fair value of the rights granted during the year is $8.82 (2021: $6.58)

                    Valutation model inputs used to determine the fair value of rights at grant date, are as follows:

                    Revised IPH Limited Incentive Plan - November 2016

                    Professional Staff and Senior Management

                                                                                         Share price at                                                 Risk-free       Fair value at
                                    Grant Date                           Vesting date                       Exercise price      Dividend yield
                                                                                          grant date                                                  interest rate      grant date
                               KPI FY20 - 16 Sept 20                      31 Aug 2021        $7.12               $0.00               4.20%                   0.16%          $6.84
                                KPI FY22 - 15 Sep 21                     31 Aug 2022         $9.35               $0.00               3.90%                   -0.02%         $9.02
                                KPI FY22 - 15 Sep 21                     15 Sept 2023        $9.35               $0.00               3.90%                   0.03%          $8.65

                    IPH Executives - Long Term Incentive

                                                                                         Share price at                                                 Risk-free       Fair value at
                                    Grant Date                           Vesting date                       Exercise price      Dividend yield
                                                                                          grant date                                                  interest rate      grant date
                                  LTI - 26 Nov 2018                       1 Sep 2021         $5.40               $0.00               5.20%                   2.07%          $4.68
                                  LTI - 22 Nov 2019                       1 Sep 2022         $8.20               $0.00               3.90%                   0.74%          $7.36
                                  LTI - 7 Dec 2020                        1 Sep 2023         $6.62               $0.00               4.60%                   0.12%          $5.84
                                   LTI - 15 Sep 21                       30 Jun 2024         $9.35               $0.00               3.90%                   0.17%          $8.34
                                   LTI - 19 Nov 21                       30 Jun 2024         $9.30               $0.00               3.90%                   0.88%          $8.36




                    Note 34. Deed of cross guarantee

                                                                                                                                                                           30 Jun 2022            30 Jun 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                 $’000                 $’000
                    Revenue                                                                                                                                                       205,664                209,640
                    Other income                                                                                                                                                   65,082                 54,500

                    Expenses
                    Employee benefits expense                                                                                                                                     (76,550)               (74,971)
                    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                                                            (5,387)                (5,284)
                    Depreciation and amortisation of fixed assets and intangibles                                                                                                 (29,703)               (24,318)
                    Occupancy expenses                                                                                                                                              (1,277)                (1,412)
                    Business acquisition costs                                                                                                                                     (4,495)                (3,467)
                    Agent fee expenses                                                                                                                                            (59,722)               (63,306)
                    Insurance expenses                                                                                                                                              (2,316)               (1,902)
                    Travel expenses                                                                                                                                                  (842)                  (207)
                    Other expenses                                                                                                                                                (21,622)                (16,173)
                    Finance costs                                                                                                                                                   (3,919)               (4,967)
                    Profit before income tax expense                                                                                                                               64,913                 68,133
                    Income tax expense                                                                                                                                            (10,200)                (9,405)
                    Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                                                                                    54,713                58,728

                    Other comprehensive income
                    Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                    Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                                                                               684                    282
                    Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                                                        55,397                 59,010

                    Profit for the year is attibutable to:
                    Owners of IPH Limited                                                                                                                                           54,713                58,728
                    Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                                                                                    54,713                58,728

                    Total comprehensive income for the year is attibutable to:
                    Owners of IPH Limited                                                                                                                                          55,397                 59,010
                    Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                                                                                   55,397                 59,010




                                                          iphltd.com.au                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report             130
                    Note 34. Deed of cross guarantee (continued)

                                                                         30 Jun 2022      30 Jun 2021
                                                                               $’000           $’000
                    Current assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                 57,701          49,964
                    Trade and other receivables                                61,159          52,813
                    Income tax receivable                                      2,889            3,045
                    Other financial assets                                       472                 -
                    Other assets                                               7,899            6,919
                    Total current assets                                     130,120           112,741




For personal use only
                    Non-current assets
                    Property, plant and equipment                              4,249            7,018
                    Right-of-use assets                                       22,202           22,781
                    Intangibles                                              260,298          278,846
                    Investments in subsidiaries                              128,239           118,627
                    Deferred tax                                              12,355           14,246
                    Total non-current assets                                427,343           441,518

                    Total assets                                            557,463          554,259

                    Current liabilities
                    Trade and other payables                                  15,825           12,822
                    Provisions                                                13,223           16,880
                    Interest bearing lease liabilities                         6,053            6,521
                    Deferred revenue                                          14,206            8,306
                    Total current liabilities                                49,307           44,529

                    Non-current liabilities
                    Borrowings                                                118,477          116,159
                    Deferred tax liability                                    27,015           33,880
                    Interest bearing lease liabilities                        25,694           26,915
                    Other financial liabilities                                     -             503
                    Provisions                                                 3,800             1,022
                    Total non-current liabilities                            174,986          178,479

                    Total liabilities                                        224,293         223,008

                    Net assets                                               333,170          331,251

                    Equity
                    Issued capital                                           312,232          304,503
                    Reserves                                                   13,961           9,630
                    Retained profits                                           6,977            17,118
                    Total equity                                             333,170          331,251




                                                         iphltd.com.au          2022 Annual Report       131
                    Directors Declaration




For personal use only
                                                                            IPH LIMITED
                                                                         ABN 49 169 015 838
                                                                   Directors Declaration
                    In the Directors’ opinion:


                    - the attached financial statements and notes comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the Accounting Standards, the
                    Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements;


                    - the attached financial statements and notes comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
                    International Accounting Standards Board as described in note 2 to the financial statements;

                    - the attached financial statements and notes give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2022
                    and of its performance for the financial year ended on that date; and


                    - there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
                    payable.


                    At the date of this declaration, the company is within the class of companies affected by ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned
                    Companies) Instrument 2016/785. The nature of the deed of cross guarantee is such that each company which is party to
                    the deed guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee.


                    In the directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company and the companies to which the ASIC
                    Corporations Instrument applies, as detailed in note 34 to the financial statements, will as a group, be able to meet any
                    obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross guarantee.


                    The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.


                    On behalf of the Directors



                    Dr Andrew Blattman
                    Managing Director
                    18 August 2022
                    Sydney




                                          iphltd.com.au                                                                      2022 Annual Report   132
For personal use only
                           Independent
                        Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                        ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                        Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                        225 George Street
                                                                                                                        Sydney NSW 2000




For personal use only
                                                                                                                        Tel: +61 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                        www.deloitte.com.au




                                           Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of IPH Limited
                        Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                        Opinion
                        We have audited the financial report of IPH Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) which
                        comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022, the consolidated statement of
                        profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
                        consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a
                        summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information, and the directors’ declaration.
                        In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                        including:
                        •     Giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its financial performance
                              for the year then ended; and
                        • Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                        Basis for Opinion
                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                        standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of
                        our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board’s
                        APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are
                        relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                        accordance with the Code.
                        We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given to
                        the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor’s
                        report.
                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                        opinion.

                        Key Audit Matters
                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
                        the financial report for the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                        financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
                        these matters.




                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte organisation.
                                            iphltd.com.au                                                                        2022 Annual Report   134
                                         Key Audit Matter                  How the scope of our audit responded to the Key Audit
                                                                                                  Matter




For personal use only
                        Recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets   Our procedures performed included, but were not
                                                                           limited to:
                        At 30 June 2022, goodwill and intangible assets
                        totalled $300 million and $148 million                 o   obtaining an understanding of management’s
                        respectively, as disclosed in note 12(c).                  process to assess the recoverable amount of
                                                                                   goodwill and intangible assets including the
                        The determination of the recoverable amount of             budgeting and forecast process and the
                        goodwill and intangible assets is complex and              preparation of discounted cash flow models;
                        requires management to exercise significant
                        judgement, in particular in determining the key        o   agreeing the inputs used in the discounted cash
                        assumptions used in cash flow projections such             flow model to Board approved forecasts;
                        as:
                                                                               o   consideration of the impact of broader
                            •    short term forecast revenue and costs,            economic conditions on future forecast cash
                                 particularly in light of the current
                                                                                   flows, with specific focus on revenue and cost
                                 economic uncertainty caused by broader
                                                                                   forecasts;
                                 economic conditions;
                            •    long term growth rates;
                                                                               o   assessing the historical accuracy of
                            •    terminal values; and
                                                                                   management’s forecasting by comparing actual
                            •    discount rates.
                                                                                   results to budgeted results for preceding years;
                        The value of goodwill and intangible assets is a
                        key audit matter due to the significance of this       o   in conjunction with our valuation specialists,
                        amount in the consolidated statement of
                        financial position.                                         •   assessing the appropriateness of
                                                                                        management’s discounted cash flow
                                                                                        (“DCF”) l methodology; and

                                                                                    •   challenging the key assumptions and
                                                                                        estimates used by management in their
                                                                                        DCF models, including:

                                                                                         ▪    analysis of long term growth rates
                                                                                              and terminal values by reference to
                                                                                              industry data and external economic
                                                                                              outlook; and
                                                                                         ▪    determining our independent
                                                                                              expectation of an appropriate
                                                                                              discount rate range;

                                                                               o   challenging and evaluating the appropriateness
                                                                                   of management’s sensitivity analysis; and

                                                                               o   evaluating the appropriateness of disclosures
                                                                                   made in the financial report against the relevant
                                                                                   accounting standards.




                                     iphltd.com.au                                                                       2022 Annual Report   135
                        Other Information
                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included




For personal use only
                        in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022 but does not include the financial report and our
                        auditor’s report thereon.
                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
                        assurance conclusion thereon.
                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
                        so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge
                        obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed,
                        we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
                        We have nothing to report in this regard.

                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair
                        view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal
                        control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
                        and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as
                        a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
                        accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic
                        alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
                        material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
                        with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
                        can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
                        be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.
                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement
                        and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
                        • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or error,
                           design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
                           appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
                           fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
                           misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
                        • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
                          Group’s internal control.
                        • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
                          related disclosures made by the directors.
                        • Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
                          the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
                          cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
                          uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
                          financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
                          audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
                          the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
                        • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the disclosures, and
                          whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
                          presentation.



                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                            2022 Annual Report   136
                        • Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business




For personal use only
                          activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible for the direction,
                          supervision and performance of the Group’s audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


                        We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
                        and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
                        audit.

                        We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                        regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                        reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
                        safeguards applied.

                        From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance
                        in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
                        these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
                        when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
                        because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
                        benefits of such communication.

                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in Section 5 of the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30
                        June 2022.
                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of IPH Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022, complies with section
                        300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        Responsibilities
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report
                        in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                        Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                        H Fortescue
                        Partner
                        Chartered Accountants
                        Sydney, 18 August 2022




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                                            2022 Annual Report   137
For personal use only
                         Shareholder
                        Information
                    Shareholder Information




For personal use only
                    The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 1 August 2022.


                    Distribution of equitable securities
                    Analysis of number of equitable security holders by size of holding:

                        Range                                                         Securities        %      No. of holders
                        100,001 and Over                                            195,495,271      89.34                        55
                        10,001 to 100,000                                             9,315,874       4.26                    401
                        5,001 to 10,000                                               5,010,825       2.29                    692
                        1,001 to 5,000                                                7,583,199       3.47                 2,960
                        1 to 1,000                                                    1,414,063       0.65                  3,165
                                                                           Total   218,819,232      100.00                 7,273




                                           iphltd.com.au                                                     2022 Annual Report    139
                    Geographic distribution

                        Range                                    Securities       %    No. of holders                %
                        AUSTRALIA                               218,000,031    99.63            7,179        98.64
                           AUST CAPITAL TERRITORY                   437,181     0.20             128             1.76
                           NEW SOUTH WALES                      158,329,500    72.36           2,565          35.24




For personal use only
                           NORTHERN TERRITORY                        72,621     0.03              35           0.48
                           QUEENSLAND                             7,072,240     3.23           1,784           24.51
                           SOUTH AUSTRALIA                        1,487,852     0.68             467            6.42
                           TASMANIA                                225,597      0.10              79            1.09
                           VICTORIA                             48,850,347     22.32           1,622          22.29
                           WESTERN AUSTRALIA                      1,524,693     0.70            499            6.86
                        CHINA                                        3,440      0.00                 1          0.01
                        HONG KONG                                    5,332      0.00                 1          0.01
                        INDONESIA                                    2,982      0.00                 1          0.01
                        JAPAN                                          974      0.00                 1          0.01
                        MALAYSIA                                     3,500      0.00                2           0.03
                        NEW ZEALAND                                 686,112     0.31               71          0.98
                        PAPUA NEW GUINEA                              1,000     0.00                 1          0.01
                        PHILIPPINES                                   1,320     0.00                 1          0.01
                        SINGAPORE                                   50,020      0.02                8            0.11
                        SWEDEN                                        1,657     0.00                 1          0.01
                        THAILAND                                     8,000      0.00                 1          0.01
                        UNITED KINGDOM                              44,707      0.02                5           0.07
                        UNITED STATES                                8,257      0.00                4           0.05
                        VANUATU                                       1,900     0.00                 1          0.01
                                                        Total   218,819,232   100.00           7,278        100.00




                                        iphltd.com.au                                           2022 Annual Report   140
                    Equity security holders

                    Twenty largest quoted equity security holders
                    The names of the twenty largest registered holders of quoted equity securities
                    as at 1 August 2022 are listed below:

                        Rank   Name                      A/C designation                              1 Aug 2022               %IC




For personal use only
                        1      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES                                                     78,032,398          35.66
                               (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED

                        2      J P MORGAN NOMINEES                                                        35,614,787          16.28
                               AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED

                        3      CITICORP NOMINEES PTY                                                      25,887,615          11.83
                               LIMITED

                        4      NATIONAL NOMINEES                                                         14,845,444            6.78
                               LIMITED

                        5      BNP PARIBAS NOMS          <DRP>                                             9,989,991           4.57
                               PTY LTD

                        6      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES     <GSCO CUSTOMERS A/C>                              8,139,647           3.72
                               (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED

                        7      SETDOR PTY LIMITED                                                          2,100,000          0.96

                        8      TALABAH PTY LIMITED                                                          1,767,175          0.81

                        9      BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES      <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                          1,575,867           0.72
                               PTY LTD

                        10     HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES                                                       1,339,451           0.61
                               (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED -
                               A/C 2

                        11     PACIFIC CUSTODIANS        IPH EMP SHARE TST                                 1,308,672          0.60
                               PTY LIMITED

                        12     HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES     <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                       1,157,008          0.53
                               (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED

                        13     CITICORP NOMINEES         <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                     1,145,631          0.52
                               PTY LIMITED

                        14     WOMBEE PTY LTD            <IRANI FAMILY A/C>                                1,000,654          0.46

                        15     UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                         854,856           0.39

                        16     BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES      <DRP A/C>                                          804,199            0.37
                               PTY LTD HUB24
                               CUSTODIAL SERV LTD

                        17     BKI INVESTMENT COMPANY                                                       665,000            0.30
                               LIMITED

                        18     NATIONAL NOMINEES         <DB A/C>                                            569,123           0.26
                               LIMITED

                        19     WILLIAM STACE LLOYD                                                            547,131          0.25

                        20     O’BRIEN TRUST PTY                                                             514,814           0.24
                               LIMITED

                                                                                              Total     187,859,463          85.85

                                                                                Balance of register      30,959,769           14.15

                                                                                       Grand total       218,819,232       100.00




                                      iphltd.com.au                                                           2022 Annual Report   141
                    Unquoted equity securities

                                                                               No. on Issue                      No. of holders
                        Performance Rights                                        1,556,550                                      162



                    Substantial holders




For personal use only
                    The names of substantial shareholders of the Company’s ordinary shares as
                    at 1 August 2022 (holding no less than 5%) who have notified the Company in
                    accordance with section 671B of the Corporations Act 2001 are:

                        Holder                                               Date of last          No. of        Percentage of
                                                                         notice received        securities       issued capital1
                        Invesco Australia Ltd                                11 Dec 2020       13,288,298                    6.09%
                    1) Percentage of issued securities at 31 July 2022




                    Voting rights
                    The voting rights attached to ordinary shares are set out below:


                    Ordinary shares
                    On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one
                    vote and upon a poll each share shall have one vote.

                    There are no other classes of equity securities.


                    Restricted securities
                    There are no restricted securities.




                        Class                                                                     Expiry date              No. of
                                                                                                                        securities
                        Ordinary                                                                16 Oct 2022                335,016




                                                         iphltd.com.au                                          2022 Annual Report   142
                    Annual General Meeting (AGM)                              Voting rights
                    IPH will hold its 2022 Annual General Meeting on          At a general meeting, a shareholder present in
                    Thursday 17 November 2022. Details of the meeting         person or by proxy, attorney or representative has
                    will be included with the Notice of Annual General        one vote on a show of hands and on a poll has one
                    meeting which will be distributed to shareholders.        vote for each fully paid share held.

                    IPH Limited is listed on the Australian Securities        Consistent with the ASX Corporate Governance
                    Exchange (ASX) and its ordinary shares are quoted         Principles and Recommendations, the Chairman




For personal use only
                    under the ASX code ‘IPH’.                                 will demand a poll in relation to all substantive
                                                                              resolutions at a meeting of shareholders. If there
                                                                              are two or more joint holders of a share and more
                    Annual report                                             than one of them is present at a general meeting, in
                    Amendments to the Corporations Act 2001 have              person or by proxy, attorney or representative, and
                    changed the obligations of companies regarding            tenders a vote in respect of the share, the Company
                    the provision of annual reports to shareholders.          will count only the vote cast by, or on behalf of, the
                    The default option for receiving annual reports has       shareholder by the joint holder whose name appears
                    changed from a printed copy to an electronic copy         first in the Company’s register of shareholder.
                    via IPH’s website at www.iphltd.com.au.
                                                                              The quorum required for a meeting of members is
                                                                              the lesser (by number) of: five shareholders present
                    Verification process                                      in person; or shareholders present in person
                                                                              representing at least 10 per cent of the voting shares.
                    IPH has in place processes to verify the periodic
                    corporate reports it has prepared and released
                    during FY22, where those reports were not subject         Shareholder questions
                    to audit or review by an external auditor, to satisfy
                    itself that each report was materially accurate and       Shareholders can submit a written question to the
                    balanced and provided investors with appropriate          Company or the Company’s auditor in regard to
                    information to make investment decisions. This            the AGM or any of the proposed resolutions to be
                    verification process was applied to the sections of       considered at the AGM, using the form supplied
                    this Annual Report not audited or reviewed by an          which will accompany the Notice of Annual General
                    external auditor. The verification processes used         Meeting to be distributed to shareholders.
                    included documenting the sources of information
                    and undertaking consultation within IPH or with           Information about IPH
                    external parties. The Board or, where appropriate,
                    Board Committees, have reviewed and approved              Information about IPH Group Limited including
                    each periodic corporate report prepared and               company announcements, presentations and
                    released by IPH during FY22.                              reports can be accessed at www.iphltd.com.au.


                    Online voting
                    Shareholders can lodge voting instructions
                    electronically either as a direct vote or by appointing
                    a proxy for the 2022 Annual General Meeting. The
                    information required to log on and use online voting
                    will be shown on the voting form which will be
                    distributed to shareholders with the Notice of Annual
                    General meeting.




                                       iphltd.com.au                                                               2022 Annual Report   143
For personal use only

                        IPH Limited
                        Level 22
                        Tower 2, Darling Park
                        201 Sussex Street,
                        Sydney, NSW 2000
                        Australia

                        P +61 2 9393 0301
                        E info@iphltd.com.au
