General Capital Limited
Annual Report
For the year ended 31 March 2024




Contents


Directors’ Profiles                                           2-3

General Finance Directors and Executive                        4

Directors’ Report                                             5-7

Corporate Governance Statement                               8-19

Independent Auditors’ Report                                20-23

Consolidated Financial Statements:

         Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income       24

         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position         25

         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity          26

         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                 27

         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements     28-55

Shareholder and Statutory Information                       56-60

Corporate Directory                                           61




                                                        1
Directors’ Profiles

                      REWI HAMID BUGO B.Sc., M.Com.
                      Non-executive Chairman
                      Rewi Hamid Bugo has been a Non-executive Director of General Capital
                      Limited since 13 June 2017 and was elected Chairman of the Board of
                      Directors following the acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited in August
                      2018. Mr Bugo is a graduate of the University of Canterbury, Christchurch,
                      where he obtained Master of Commerce degree in Business
                      Administration. He has business experience in several sectors including
                      property development, oil and gas services, automotive importing and
                      distribution, insurance broking and tourism.

                      Mr Bugo sits on the Board of private and public companies in Malaysia and
                      New Zealand, is a Trustee of World Wildlife Fund Malaysia and a passionate
                      supporter of the Tourette’s Association of New Zealand.


                      BRENT DOUGLAS KING, BCom, CA
                      Managing Director

                      Brent Douglas King has been the Managing Director of General Capital
                      Limited and its subsidiaries since 3 August 2018. Prior to that date, Mr King
                      was a non-executive Director since 30 September 2011. He was also the
                      founder and Managing Director of the Dorchester Group of Companies for
                      seventeen years until he resigned in 2005. He holds a number of public and
                      private directorships. He has more than twenty-five years’ experience in
                      financial, investment banking, underwriting, capital raising and accounting
                      areas and has assisted a number of public and private companies. Brent is
                      also a member of the New Zealand Institute of Directors.


                      PAUL WILLIAM ZINGEL Real Estate Agent Licensee, Residential Property
                      Manager, FinCap Financial Mentor
                      Non-executive Independent Director
                      Paul is a real estate professional with extensive property development and
                      property management experience. He was previously Product Owner and
                      Director of New Zealand’s first property auction portal, PropFi ® a start-up
                      real estate technology company that facilitated the sale and purchase of
                      property through online auctions. Paul has been successfully trading
                      financial markets for more than twenty years and as a registered Financial
                      Services Provider, he has managed private investment portfolios and
                      provided insurance services and financial mentoring throughout his career.
                      Paul joined the General Capital Board on 1 March 2022.




                                        2
GREGORY STEPHEN JAMES MCom (Hons), CA
Non-executive Independent Director

Greg James is a Senior Partner of Taxation and Mergers and Acquisitions at
Findex, New Zealand’s 5th largest accounting firm. Greg has over 30 years
of tax structuring and consulting experience and is a member of Chartered
Accountants Australia and New Zealand. Prior to joining Findex, Greg
worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers, including spending 8 years working
in Hong Kong and New York. During his career, Greg has worked with
numerous listed and newly listed companies and has extensive experience
sourcing equity and debt funding for clients. Greg has a strong interest in
cricket and is currently a director of Parnell Cricket Club and is on the board
of Remuera Parnell Sports Community Charitable Trust. He is also a
member of China ASEAN and is a director of a number of its group
companies.


MEGAN DOMINIQUE GLEN BCom, BSc
Non-executive Director

Megan is currently a Director in Forsyth Barr’s investment banking team
and was previously a Director with Ascentro Capital Partners and a
manager in the NZ Super Fund’s Direct Investments team. Megan spent
over five years with Credit Suisse’s investment banking group in New York
as part of their Financial Sponsors Group supporting private equity firms
with acquisitions, divestments and refinancing. Megan started her career
at First NZ Capital, now Jarden, advising some of New Zealand’s largest
corporates. Megan is currently a member of the New Zealand Takeovers
Panel and has previously held Board directorships and observer roles for
private companies in New Zealand and Australia.



ANITA MARIA KILLEEN LLB
Non-executive Independent Director

Anita is a Barrister specialising in financial crime and fraud, civil and
criminal litigation, and governance and dispute resolution. Ms Killeen
holds a variety of governance roles in the legal, financial, local
government, education, health and not for profit sectors including having
served as Chair of the Auckland Regional Amenities Funding Board, as
Chair and National President of Fertility New Zealand, as Deputy Chair of
Ngāi Tai ki Tāmaki Commercial Investment Board, Deputy Chair of NetSafe
New Zealand, Independent Director of the Domain Name Commission,
and Director of the SPCA Auckland.




                   3
General Finance Directors and Executive

                        DONALD FREDERICK HATTAWAY CA, ACIS
                        General Finance Limited Chairman and Independent Non-Executive Director

                         Don is a member of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand
                         (CAANZ) and practised as a Chartered Accountant in public practice from
                         1980 until April 2023. He retired as a Partner in Price Waterhouse in 1996
                         and specialised in acting for small or medium sized enterprise businesses
                         since then often fulfilling the role of finance director for those companies.
                         Don was the Chairman of listed banking software technology company
                         Finzsoft Solutions Ltd. Don is a previous Chairman of the Board of Directors
                         of the Auckland Cricket Association. He has held a previous public company
                         directorship with Cooks Coffee Company Ltd (previously known as Cooks
                         Global Foods Ltd) as well as directorships with a number of private
                         companies.

                        GREGORY JOHN PEARCE B.Com.
                        General Finance Limited Independent Non-Executive Director

                        Greg is a lending and credit specialist having held roles with large
                        companies (Telecom and Air New Zealand) and a senior role with
                        Dorchester Finance Limited being General Manager Lending and Credit
                        from 1997 to 2008. He subsequently consulted to receivers in relation to
                        loan recoveries and in 2017 joined General Finance as Executive Director
                        Lending and Credit. He retired from this role in 2020 and has continued with
                        the company as an independent Non-Executive Director.




                         NICK PIMENOV BCom, CA
                         Chief Financial Officer

                         Nick is a Chartered Accountant with over 13 years industry experience.
                         Nick’s background is in audit as well as over 8 years of finance and
                         commercial experience in large NZ companies (2degrees, Academic
                         Colleges Group, and Sime Darby Motors).




                                           4
Directors’ Report

The Directors of General Capital Limited (GEN), the NZX listed Financial Services Group, are pleased to present
another record financial result for the year ended 31 March 2024. This year, we have achieved significant
milestones and delivered a strong financial performance, with a 25% increase in revenue to $17.17 million and
a 17% rise in Net Profit After Tax to $2.63 million. These results reflect our dedicated efforts and strategic
initiatives in a challenging and dynamic market environment.

Our total assets have grown by 20%, reaching $163.33 million, underscoring our solid financial foundation.
Despite the prevailing headwinds faced by the New Zealand economy, our commitment to prudent financial
management has enabled us to maintain stability and foster growth. We recognize the vital role of our
stakeholders, whose unwavering support and trust have been instrumental in achieving these results.

On 6 December 2023 Equifax reaffirmed the credit rating of General Finance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary
of General Capital, as BB with a Stable Outlook. This reaffirmation reflects our robust financial health and our
ability to navigate through regulatory and market changes effectively.

Key Financial Highlights

                                           FY24 (31 Mar 2024)          FY23 (31 Mar 2023)        Change
 Revenue                                   $17,171,443                 $13,709,253               +25%
 Net Profit After Tax                      $2,633,161                  $2,258,243                +17%
 Total Assets                              $163,330,631                $136,087,859              +20%
 Total Equity                              $26,811,417                 $24,252,770               +11%
 Net Tangible Assets (NTA) per Share       6.65 cps                    5.94 cps                  +12%




                                                  Revenue
  $20,000,000

  $18,000,000

  $16,000,000

  $14,000,000

  $12,000,000

  $10,000,000

   $8,000,000

   $6,000,000

   $4,000,000

   $2,000,000

           $-
                     FY 2020            FY 2021            FY 2022            FY 2023            FY 2024




                                                       5
                                           Net Profit After Tax
  $3,000,000



  $2,500,000



  $2,000,000



  $1,500,000



  $1,000,000



   $500,000



          $-
                     FY 2020             FY 2021             FY 2022            FY 2023             FY 2024




Strong Management of Arrears, Net Interest Margin and Costs

General Finance, our wholly owned subsidiary, has successfully navigated a challenging economic landscape
through astute financial management. The team has excelled in managing and reducing both credit losses and
arrears, all while maintaining a stable cost-to-income ratio and a robust Net Interest Margin (NIM).

Despite a decrease in NIM, primarily driven by higher prevailing interest rates and a general economic softening,
General Finance's strategic approach ensured strong retention of the margin. Through careful control of credit
losses and arrears, the subsidiary achieved significant reductions, underscoring the effectiveness of its risk
management practices. This prudent strategy not only safeguarded the company's financial stability but also
positioned it well for future growth opportunities.

                                             FY24 (31 Mar 2024)           FY23 (31 Mar 2023)         Change
 NIM (%)                                     2.90%                        4.48%                      -35%
 Credit Losses (%)                           0.35%                        0.70%                      -50%
 Arrears (%)                                 0.74%                        11.61%                     -94%
 Cost to Income Ratio (%)                    56.25%                       56.57%                      -1%


Regulatory Update

The significant regulatory changes being driven by the Deposit Takers Act 2023 and the Deposit Compensation
Scheme (“DCS”) has been a focus of both the Board and Management due to its impact on General Finance.

As a RBNZ regulated non-bank deposit taker General Finance is eligible to apply to be included in the DCS and it
is our intention to do so. The Board and Management believe that, whilst General Finance will be required to
pay a levy to be part of the scheme and be subject to enhanced prudential regulation by the RBNZ, the benefits
of having a guarantee for the first $100,000 of deposits will likely result in a significant net benefit for General
Finance that will drive a significant increase in term deposits once it comes into force in mid-2025 impacting the
2026 financial year and beyond.



                                                         6
Outlook

Looking ahead to the 2025 financial year, we anticipate a continuation of the growth and profitability trends
driven by our strategic initiatives and market conditions. Our priorities include expanding our loan book,
enhancing our research and advisory services, and maintaining strong liquidity. We expect to see further growth
in secured term deposits and a continued focus on sustainable value creation for our shareholders.

Acknowledgements

We would like to express our gratitude to our shareholders, customers, and employees for their continued
support and confidence in General Capital Ltd. We also extend our appreciation to our fellow Directors and
management team for their dedication and hard work.




 Rewi Hamid Bugo                                                   Brent Douglas King
 Chairman                                                          Managing Director




                                                      7
Corporate Governance Statement
The Board of Directors (“Board”) and management of General Capital Limited (“the Company”) are committed
to ensuring that the Company adheres to best practice governance principles where practical and maintains the
highest ethical standards. The Board regularly reviews and assesses the Company’s governance structures to
ensure, where practical, that they are consistent, both in form and in substance, with best practice.

Key governance documents that have been adopted by the Company are published on the Company’s website
at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

The Board framework and governance practices for the year ended 31 March 2024 was largely compliant with
the requirements of the NZX Code. The Governance Code contains eight (8) principles and various
recommendations for each principle. The Board has reported on the Company’s compliance with each of the
recommendations which are included below.

The Board is reporting against the revised NZX Corporate Governance Code dated 1 April 2023 and the NZX
Corporate Governance Code can be found on the NZX Website at: www.nzx.com/regulation/nzx-rules-
guidance/corporate-governance-code.

Principal 1 – Ethical Standards
"Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this behaviour and hold management
accountable for these standards being followed throughout the organisation."

RECOMMENDATION 1.1
The board should document minimum standards of ethical behaviour to which the issuer’s directors and
employees are expected to adhere (a code of ethics).

The code of ethics and where to find it should be communicated to the issuer’s employees. Training should
be provided regularly. The standards may be contained in a single policy document or more than one policy.

The code of ethics should outline internal reporting procedures for any breach of ethics, and describe the
issuer’s expectations about behaviour, namely that every director and employee:
(a) acts honestly and with personal integrity in all actions;
(b) declares conflicts of interest and proactively advises of any potential conflicts;
(c) undertakes proper receipt and use of corporate information, assets and property;
(d) in the case of directors, gives proper attention to the matters before them;
(e) acts honestly and in the best interests of the issuer, shareholders and stakeholders and as required by law;
(f) adheres to any procedures around giving and receiving gifts (for example, where gifts are given that are of
value in order to influence employees and directors, such gifts should not be accepted);
(g) adheres to any procedures about whistle blowing (for example, where actions of a whistle blower have
complied with the issuer’s procedures, an issuer should protect and support them, whether or not action is
taken); and
(h) manages breaches of the code

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Board has a strong belief that ethical behaviour is paramount to good corporate governance and underpins
the reputation of the Company. As such, the ethical principles that were applied by the Board (and required of
Management and employees) were in line with the recommendations above.

The Group’s code of ethics complies with the recommendation in full. Employees are required to read the code
of ethics. The code of ethics has been published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-
governance.




                                                       8
RECOMMENDATION 1.2
An issuer should have a financial product dealing policy which extends to employees and directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Board has a financial products trading policy in place for employees and directors. This policy requires prior
approval of all transactions in General Capital Limited quoted securities and other restricted securities, specifies
blackout periods for trading and defines prohibited trading.

The financial products trading policy is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document
which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

PRINCIPLE 2 – Board Composition & Performance
“To ensure an effective board, there should be a balance of independence, skills, knowledge, experience and
perspectives.”

Board Composition
Board members who have a wide range of business, technical and financial background lead the Company. In
November 2021 the Board adopted a board skills matrix to assist in maintaining a balance ensuring it has a
balance of independence, skills, knowledge, experience and perspectives. The Board believes it complies with
the recommendation.

The Board is responsible and accountable to shareholders and other stakeholders for the Company’s
performance and its compliance with applicable laws and standards.

Directors
As at 31 March 2024 the Board of Directors comprised six directors, five of which are Non-executive Directors
(Rewi Hamid Bugo (Chairman), Paul William Zingel, Gregory Stephen James, Megan Dominique Glen and Anita
Maria Killeen) and one Executive Director (Brent Douglas King).

Paul William Zingel, Gregory Stephen James and Anita Maria Killeen are independent directors of the Company.

Paul William Zingel was appointed as a director effective from 1 March 2022. The Board determined that
notwithstanding his family connection with a significant product holder, there were no particular circumstances
that would materially interfere with his ability to exercise independent judgment and he was identified an
independent director of the Company.

Gregory Stephen James was appointed as a director effective from 28 September 2022. The Board determined
that there were no particular circumstances that would materially interfere with his ability to exercise
independent judgement and he was assessed as an independent director of the Company.

Anita Maria Killeen was appointed as a director effective from 1 February 2024. The Board determined that there
were no particular circumstances that would materially interfere with her ability to exercise independent
judgement and she was assessed as an independent director of the Company.

Megan Dominique Glen was appointed as a director effective from 17 February 2023. Megan Dominique Glen
was not assessed to be an independent director of the Company as she was nominated by API No 1 Limited
Partnership (API) to represent API’s stake in the Company (currently 23.92% of the Company’s ordinary shares)
and her appointment was supported by the Board of Directors.

By virtue of the extent of his significant product holding, Rewi Hamid Bugo has not been assessed as an
independent director of the Company due to shares held directly or indirectly in the Company.

As an executive and significant product holding in the Company, Brent Douglas King has also been assessed as a
non-independent director of the Company.

Refer to the Directors’ Profiles section of this Annual Report for further details.




                                                         9
Huei Min Lim resigned as a director with effect from 31 May 2023.

Simon John McArley resigned as a director with effect from 17 July 2023.

Prior to their resignations both Simon John McArley and Huei Min Lin were determined by the Board to be
independent directors as there were no particular circumstances that would materially interfere with their
ability to exercise independent judgement.

Board and Committee Meetings
The Company’s Board meetings are conducted in accordance with proper process. This enables the Board to
peruse any board papers and review any issues to be deliberated at the Board meeting to enable directors to
make informed decisions. A total of eight Board Meetings were held during the financial year under review.
Board attendance has been recorded as follows:

    Board Members                                            Board                      Audit Commi ee
   Rewi Hamid Bugo (Chairman)                                  8                                5
   Brent Douglas King                                          8                               N/A
   Huei Min Lim                                                1                                1
   Simon John McArley                                          2                                2
   Paul William Zingel                                         8                                5
   Gregory Stephen James                                       8                                5
   Megan Dominique Glen                                        7                               N/A

The Board also met whenever necessary to deal with specific matters needing attention between scheduled
meetings.

The gender balance of the Group’s Directors and officers was as follows:

               as at 31 March 2024         as at 31 March 2023
               Directors     Oﬃcers*      Directors        Oﬃcers*
  Female           2           1              2              1
  Male             4           3              5              3
  Total            6           4              7              4
*Officers excludes any directors of the Company.

RECOMMENDATION 2.1
The board of an issuer should operate under a written charter which sets out the roles and responsibilities of
the board. The board charter should clearly distinguish and disclose the respective roles and responsibilities
of the board and management.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Board has had in place throughout the year a written Board Charter which sets out the roles and
responsibilities of the Board and management and complies with the recommendation in full.

The Board Charter has been published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.




                                                      10
RECOMMENDATION 2.2
Every issuer should have a procedure for the nomination and appointment of directors to the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Company’s nomination procedure is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document
which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

The Board follows the requirements of the NZX Rules as well as the commentary in the NZX Corporate
Governance Code and the requirements of its nomination procedure. In November 2021 the Board also adopted
a board skills matrix to assist when selecting new directors.

RECOMMENDATION 2.3
An issuer should enter into written agreements with each newly appointed director establishing the terms of
their appointment.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Company’s nomination procedure sets out the form of agreement to be used. The Company’s Board Policies
and Procedures document is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.
Written agreements have been entered into in accordance with the procedure with all directors appointed
during the year.

RECOMMENDATION 2.4
Every issuer should disclose information about each director in its annual report or on its website, including:

    a.   a profile of experience, length of service, and ownership interests.
    b.   the director attendance at board meetings; and
    c.   the board’s assessment of the director’s independence, including a description as to why the board
         has determined the director to be independent if one of the factors listed in table 2.4 applies to the
         director, along with a description of the interest, relationship or position that triggers the
         application of the relevant factor.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
All of the information detailed in the recommendation is included in the Annual Report and can be found in the
Directors Profiles, Corporate Governance Statement (Principle 2) and Shareholder and Statutory Information
sections.

RECOMMENDATION 2.5
An issuer should have a written diversity policy which includes requirements for the board or a relevant
committee of the board to set measurable objectives for achieving diversity (which, at a minimum, should
address gender diversity) and to assess annually both the objectives and the entity’s progress in achieving
them. An issuer within the S&P/NZX 20 Index at the commencement of its reporting period should have a
measurable objective for achieving gender diversity in relation to the composition of its board, that is to have
not less than 30% of its directors being male and not less than 30% of its directors being female, within a
specified period. An issuer should disclose its diversity policy or a summary of it.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Board recognises the wide-ranging benefits that diversity brings to an organisation.

The Company’s diversity policy is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document which is
published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance. The Board has set gender
diversity targets to have a minimum of 30% female Directors and 30% female management.

The gender composition of the Company’s directors and officers is included above. As at 31 March 2024 33% of
Directors and 25% of Management are female.




                                                      11
RECOMMENDATION 2.6
Directors should undertake appropriate training to remain current on how to best perform their duties as
directors of an issuer.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Company’s Board understand their obligations as directors of a publicly listed Company and undertake
training when necessary to remain current on how to best perform their duties. In November 2021 the Board
adopted a board skills matrix to assess training and development needs and have reviewed this during the year
to 31 March 2024.

RECOMMENDATION 2.7
The board should have a procedure to regularly assess director, board and committee performance.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Director and Board performance is considered crucial to the success of the Group. The Board has a procedure
for assessing director, board and committee performance which is published on the Company’s website at
www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

RECOMMENDATION 2.8
A majority of the board should be independent directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
As detailed in the Board Composition section above, three of the six directors have been identified as
independent directors of the Company. Of the 3 remaining directors, 2 are non-executive directors.

Following the resignation of Huei Min Lim with effect from 31 May 2023 the Board did not have a majority of
independent directors. The subsequent resignation of Simon John McArley on 17 July 2023 further reduced the
number of independent directors until the appointment of Anita Maria Killeen on 1 February 2024. The Board
continues to assess the Board composition and will make an appropriate appointment or other adjustment in
due course.

The Board consider that the composition of the Board during the financial year ended 31 March 2024 was
satisfactory to make decisions in the best interests of the entity and its shareholders. In addition to this, the
board charter provides the opportunity for non-executive directors to regularly confer without executive
directors or other senior executives present. Any directors who are conflicted on certain matters are unable to
participate in the decisions made in relation to those matters.

RECOMMENDATION 2.9
An issuer should have an independent chair of the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Chair of the Board, Rewi Hamid Bugo, has been assessed as a non-independent director. Whilst this does
not meet the Code recommendation, the Board believes that the current Chair continues to contribute to a
culture of openness and constructive challenge that allows for diversity of views to be considered by the Board.

RECOMMENDATION 2.10
The chair and the CEO should be different people.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Chair and the CEO were different people.




                                                       12
Principle 3 – Board Committees
“The board should use committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while still retaining
board responsibility.”

Recommendation 3.1
An issuer’s audit committee should operate under a written charter. Membership on the audit committee
should be majority independent and comprise solely of non-executive directors of the issuer. The chair of the
audit committee should be an independent director and not the chair of the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
General Capital Limited has an Audit Committee which as at 31 March 2024 comprised the following non-
executive directors.

Gregory Stephen James (Chair of the Audit Committee, Independent Director)
Paul William Zingel (Independent Director)
Rewi Hamid Bugo (Non-executive Director)

Huei Min Lim resigned as a director with effect from 31 May 2023.

Simon John McArley resigned as a director with effect from 17 July 2023 and Gregory Stephen James was
subsequently appointed Chair of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee operates under a written charter and its responsibilities include the following:

1.    Ensuring that processes are in place and monitoring those processes so that the board is properly and
      regularly informed and updated on corporate financial matters;
2.    Recommending the appointment and removal of the independent auditor;
3.    Meeting regularly to monitor and review the independent and internal auditing practices;
4.    Having direct communication with and unrestricted access to the independent auditor and any internal
      auditors or accountants;
5.    Reviewing the financial reports and advising all Directors whether they comply with the appropriate laws
      and regulations; and
6.    Ensuring that the Key Audit Partner is changed at least every 5 years.

The Audit Committee comprises a majority of independent directors and no executive directors. Gregory
Stephen James has a financial background in accordance with the requirements of NZX Listing Rule 2.13.1 as
did Simon John McArley prior to that.

The Company’s Audit Committee Charter has been published on the Company’s website at
www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 3.2
Employees should only attend audit committee meetings at the invitation of the audit committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Non-committee members including employees only attend Audit Committee meetings at the invitation of the
Chair of the Audit Committee.




                                                      13
Recommendation 3.3
An issuer should have a remuneration committee which operates under a written charter (unless this is carried
out by the whole board). At least a majority of the remuneration committee should be independent directors.
Management should only attend remuneration committee meetings at the invitation of the remuneration
committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Board established a Remuneration Committee in the year ended 31 March 2024. Employees only attended
meetings at the invitation of the Board.

The responsibilities included recommending remuneration packages for directors for consideration by
shareholders and to approve Managing Director and senior management remuneration.

A Remuneration Committee was held on the 26th of March 2024 and the majority of the committee members
are Independent Directors.

The Company’s remuneration policy is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document and
the Remuneration Charter is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 3.4
An issuer should establish a nomination committee to recommend director appointments to the board (unless
this is carried out by the whole board), which should operate under a written charter. At least a majority of
the nomination committee should be independent directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Nomination committee responsibilities were dealt with by the full Board during the year ended 31 March 2024.

The Company’s nomination procedure is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document
which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 3.5
An issuer should consider whether it is appropriate to have any other board committees as standing board
committees. All committees should operate under written charters. An issuer should identify the members of
each of its committees, and periodically report member attendance.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Given the size and scale of the Company’s business and the resources available, the Board has not considered it
necessary to have any other board committees during the year. The Board will review this periodically.

Recommendation 3.6
The board should establish appropriate protocols that set out the procedure to be followed if there is a
takeover offer for the issuer including any communication between insiders and the bidder. It should disclose
the scope of independent advisory reports to shareholders. These protocols should include the option of
establishing an independent takeover committee, and the likely composition and implementation of an
independent takeover committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The company has a written takeover response procedure approved by the Board.




                                                      14
PRINCIPLE 4 – Reporting & Disclosure
“The board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness and balance
of corporate disclosures.”

Recommendation 4.1
An issuer’s board should have a written continuous disclosure policy.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Company’s Board is committed to keeping investors and the market informed of all material information
about the Company and its performance in line with the NZX listing rules and has done so throughout the period.

The Company’s continuous disclosure policy is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures
document which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 4.2
An issuer should make its code of ethics, board and committee charters and the policies recommended in the
NZX Code, together with any other key governance documents, available on its website.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Key governance documents that have been adopted by the Company are published on the Company’s website
at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 4.3
Financial reporting should be balanced, clear and objective.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial
position of the Group and have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies, consistently applied and
supported by reasonable judgements and estimates and for ensuring all relevant financial reporting and
accounting standards have been followed.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2024, the Directors believe that proper accounting records have been
kept which enable, with reasonable accuracy, the determination of the financial position of the Company and
the Group and facilitate compliance of the financial statements with the Financial Reporting Act 1993.

The Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer have confirmed in writing to the Board that the Company’s
financial reports present a true and fair view in all material aspects.

RECOMMENDATION 4.4
An issuer should provide non-financial disclosure at least annually, including considering material exposure
to environmental, social sustainability and governance factors and practices. It should explain how
operational or non-financial targets are measured. Non-financial reporting should be informative, include
forward looking assessments, and align with key strategies and metrics monitored by the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Due to its nature and size the Company did not provide non-financial disclosure during the financial year ended
31 March 2024. The Company is in the early stages of considering how and to what extent it should report on
non-financial information such as environmental, social and governance matters (ESG). The Company does not
currently have a formal ESG reporting framework, however this is being considered by the Board.




                                                      15
PRINCIPLE 5 – Remuneration
“The remuneration of directors and executives should be transparent, fair and reasonable.”

Recommendation 5.1
An issuer should have a remuneration policy for the remuneration of directors. An issuer should recommend
director remuneration packages to shareholders for approval in a transparent manner. Actual director
remuneration should be clearly disclosed in the issuer’s annual report.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Company’s remuneration policy which covers directors is included in the Company’s Board Policies and
Procedures document which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-
governance.

Actual director remuneration is disclosed in the Shareholder and Statutory Information section of this Annual
Report.

Recommendation 5.2
An issuer should have a remuneration policy for remuneration of executives which outlines the relative
weightings of remuneration components and relevant performance criteria.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Remuneration of executives has been determined in line with the process noted under recommendation 3.3
above and in accordance with the Company’s remuneration policy.

The Company’s remuneration policy is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document
which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 5.3
An issuer should disclose the remuneration arrangements in place for the CEO in its annual report. This should
include disclosure of the base salary, short term incentives and long-term incentives and the performance
criteria used to determine performance-based payments.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Information in relation to the remuneration arrangements in place for Brent Douglas King (Managing Director)
are included in the Shareholder and Statutory Information section of this Annual Report.


PRINCIPLE 6 – Risk Management
“Directors should have a sound understanding of the material risks faced by the issuer and how to manage
them. The Board should regularly verify that the issuer has appropriate processes that identify and manage
potential and material risks.”

Recommendation 6.1
An issuer should have a risk management framework for its business and the issuer’s board should receive
and review regular reports. An issuer should report the material risks facing the business and how these are
being managed.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Group is committed to proactively managing risk and this has been the responsibility of the entire Board
with the assistance of the Audit Committee during the period. The Board delegates day to day management of
risks to the Managing Director and the Corporate Counsel. The executive team and senior management are
required to regularly identify the major risks affecting the business and develop structures, practices and
processes to manage and monitor these risks and report regularly to the Audit Committee and Board.




                                                     16
The Company’s Risk Management and Compliance framework has been reviewed and approved by the Board in
the year ended 31 March 2024. The Risk Management Programme includes a Risk Management Plan, Group Risk
Register and a Compliance Obligations Register. The Programme is further supported by a number of policies
focusing on various key risks for the Group including credit, liquidity, operational and market risk.

The Group also maintains insurance policies that it considers adequate to meet its insurable risks.

Recommendation 6.2
An issuer should disclose how it manages its health and safety risks and should report on its health and safety
risks, performance and management.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Group operates with a small number of employees in a relatively low health and safety risk office
environment. Despite this, the Board recognises that effective management of health and safety is essential for
the operation of a successful business, and endeavours to prevent harm and promote wellbeing for employees,
contractors and customers.

The Board is responsible for ensuring that the systems used to identify and manage health and safety risks are
fit for purpose, being effectively implemented, regularly reviewed and continuously improved. All new
incidents, near misses, or hazards identified are reported to the Board by the Health and Safety Officer.

PRINCIPLE 7 – Auditors
“The board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit process.”

Recommendation 7.1
The board should establish a framework for the issuer’s relationship with its external auditors. This should
include procedures:
(a) for sustaining communication with the issuer’s external auditors;
(b) to ensure that the ability of the external auditors to carry out their statutory audit role is not impaired or
could be reasonably be perceived to be impaired;
(c) to address what, if any, services (whether by type or level) other than their statutory audit roles may be
provided by the auditors to the issuer; and
(d) to provide for the monitoring and approval by the issuer’s audit committee of any service provided by the
external auditors to the issuer other than in their statutory audit role.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
In accordance with the Company’s board charter and Audit Committee charter, the Board in conjunction with
the Audit Committee were responsible for oversight of and communication with the external auditor and
reviewed the quality and cost of the audit undertaken by the Company’s external auditor. The Board in
conjunction with the Audit Committee also assesses the auditor’s independence on an annual basis.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2024, Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited was the external auditor
for the Company. The statutory audit services are fully separated from non-audit services to ensure that
appropriate independence is maintained. The amount of fees paid for audit and other services is identified in
note 16 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited has provided the Board with written confirmation that, in their view,
they were able to operate independently during the year.




                                                       17
Recommendation 7.2
The external auditor should attend the issuer’s Annual Meeting to answer questions from shareholders in
relation to the audit.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited is invited to attend the annual meeting, and the lead audit partner
is expected to be available to answer questions from shareholders at that meeting. Grant Thornton New Zealand
Audit Limited attended the annual shareholder meeting.

Recommendation 7.3
Internal audit functions should be disclosed.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Group has internal controls in place including monitoring and checking that internal controls are operating
effectively. Due to its current size, the Board believes that it was uneconomic and unnecessary for the Company
to have a dedicated internal auditor role during the period. The Board will regularly review this position.


Principle 8 – Shareholder Rights & Relations
“The board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster constructive relationships with shareholders
that encourage them to engage with the issuer.”

Recommendation 8.1
An issuer should have a website where investors and interested shareholders can access financial and
operational information and key corporate governance information about the issuer.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Financial statements, NZX announcements and Directors’ profiles are included on the website at
www.gencap.co.nz. Key governance documents that have been adopted by the Company are published on the
Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 8.2
An issuer should allow investors the ability to easily communicate with the issuer, including by designing its
shareholder meeting arrangements to encourage shareholder participation and by providing shareholders the
option to receive communications from the issuer electronically.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Company held a purely physical annual shareholder meeting in 2023. The Board will continue to assess
whether to use a hybrid meeting format in the future taking into account shareholder feedback. All shareholders
are given the option to elect to receive electronic communications from the Company.

Recommendation 8.3
Quoted equity security holders should have the right to vote on major decisions which may change the nature
of the company in which they are invested in.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
Shareholders have been given the right to vote on all major decisions in line with the NZX Rules during the year
ended 31 March 2024.




                                                      18
Recommendation 8.4
If seeking additional equity capital, issuers of quoted equity securities should offer further equity security
holders of the same class on a pro rata basis and on no less favourable terms, before further equity securities
are offered to other investors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
During the year ended 31 March 2024 no capital raising activities were undertaken.

Should the directors of the Company seek additional capital raising in the future they will consider whether the
offer will be extended to all shareholders at that time.

Recommendation 8.5
The board should ensure that the notices of annual or special meetings of quoted equity security holders is
posted on the issuer’s website as soon as possible and at least 20 working days prior to the meeting.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2024:
The Board encourages shareholder participation in meetings and understands that shareholders need sufficient
time to consider information prior to meetings. The notice of the 2023 annual meeting and extraordinary
meeting was posted on the Company’s website more than 20 working days prior to the meeting.




                                                      19
                                                                                                Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited
Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                    L4, Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                152 Fanshawe Street
                                                                                                PO Box 1961
                                                                                                Auckland 1140
                                                                                                T +64 9 308 2570
                                                                                                www.grantthornton.co.nz




To the Shareholders of General Capital Limited

Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of General Capital Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(together the “Group”) on pages 24 to 55 which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2024,
and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
statement of cashflows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of General Capital Limited as at 31 March 2024 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in
accordance with New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (“NZ IFRS”) issued by the New
Zealand Accounting Standards Board.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ)) issued by the New
Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of
the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners
(including International Independence Standards) (New Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Other than in our capacity as auditor and the provision of other assurance services, we have no relationship with, or interests
in, the Group.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.




Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd.                     20
Why the audit matter is significant                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Allowance for impairment losses from loan                     We have:
receivables
                                                                   •   Obtained an understanding of the lending processes and
The allowance for impairment losses from loan                          controls and models used to determine the allowance for
receivables to customers amounts to $472,500 in the                    impairment losses from loan receivables, including event
financial statements as at 31 March 2024.                              identification, collateral valuation and how management’s
                                                                       estimates and judgements are determined.
The assessment of the allowance for impairment losses
(expected credit losses) is complex and requires                   •   For a selection of loans issued by the Company, we
significant judgement and estimation. Key areas of                     inspected the loan agreement and other available
judgment included the identification of loans with an                  information that formed part of management’s loan
increase in credit risk and assumptions used in the credit             approval process (such as credit scores and security
loss model, for both the 12 month and lifetime expected                details), and reviewed management’s approval process
credit losses.                                                         controls, to determine whether loans were appropriately
                                                                       approved and that the information available supported
This was a key audit matter due to the significance of the
                                                                       any conclusions reached about the expected credit loss
judgements and estimates applied in determining the
                                                                       at that point.
allowance for impairment losses from loan receivables on
the financial statements.                                          •   We identified loans for which we believed there may be
                                                                       indicators of impairment. We considered management’s
The principles for determining the allowance for
                                                                       conclusions regarding impairment for each of these loans
impairment losses from loan receivables are described in
                                                                       individually.
note 4.1 and the review of the allowance for impairment
losses is disclosed in note 6 of the consolidated financial        •   For each significant identified loan with indicators of
statements.                                                            impairment, we tested whether there was adequate
                                                                       security against each advance in order to recover the
                                                                       outstanding balance. Where provided, we considered
                                                                       adequacy of third-party valuations, and also verified any
                                                                       prior ranking securities to independent sources.

                                                                   •   For the collective provisioning model, we:
                                                                       (a) Recalculated the provision based on the input
                                                                           factors identified by management as part of the
                                                                           expected credit loss methodology; and

                                                                       (b) Assessed the calculation of the expected credit
                                                                           losses model against the requirements of NZ IFRS 9
                                                                           Financial Instruments for the recognition and
                                                                           measurement of 12 month and lifetime expected
                                                                           credit losses on financial assets; and

                                                                       (c) Assessed the judgements made by management
                                                                           regarding the assumptions used for the expected
                                                                           credit loss methodology, including challenging the
                                                                           appropriateness of current and future external
                                                                           factors.

                                                                   •   We assessed the appropriateness of the Group
                                                                       disclosures in the financial statements against the
                                                                       requirements of the accounting standards.

Impairment assessment of goodwill and other                   We have:
indefinite life intangible assets
                                                                   •   Obtained an understanding of the Group’s internal
The Group has goodwill of $1,813,589 in the                            controls relevant to the accounting estimates used to
consolidated financial statements as at 31 March 2024.

Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd.                   21
 Why the audit matter is significant                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 This matter was considered to be one of the areas which              determine the recoverable value of the Group’s CGU’s
 had the greatest impact on our overall audit as:                     and assessed for reasonableness.

   •     annual impairment tests involve complex and              •   Evaluated Management’s determination of the Group’s
         subjective estimation and judgement by                       CGUs based on our understanding of the nature of the
         Management on the future performance of the cash             Group’s business and the economic environment in
         generating units (CGU’s), discount rates applied to          which the segments operate.
         the future cashflow forecasts and future market and
                                                                  •   Challenged Management’s assumptions and estimates
         economic conditions. Change in assumptions and
                                                                      used to determine the recoverable value of its material
         the methodology applied may have a material
                                                                      indefinite life intangible assets, including those relating to
         impact on the measurement of the impairment of
                                                                      forecasted revenue, expenditure and discount rates
         goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets.
                                                                      applied.
 Management has completed the annual impairment test
                                                                  •   Evaluated the logic of the value-in-use calculations
 for each of the two CGU’s as at 31 March 2024, and the
                                                                      supporting Management’s annual impairment test and
 measurement of each CGU’s recoverable amount
                                                                      testing the mathematical accuracy of these calculations.
 includes the assessment and calculation of its ‘value-in-
 use’.                                                            •   Evaluated Management’s process regarding the
                                                                      preparation and review of forecast financial statements
 The principles for determining and analysing the
                                                                      (statement of financial position, statement of
 impairment of goodwill and other indefinite life intangible
                                                                      comprehensive income, and cash flow statement),
 assets are described in note 4.2 and the review of the
                                                                      including comparing forecasts to Board approved
 accumulated impairment is disclosed in note 10 of the
                                                                      forecasts, and evaluating the historical accuracy of the
 consolidated financial statements.
                                                                      Group’s forecasting to actual historical performance.

                                                                  •   Engaged our own internal valuation experts to evaluate
                                                                      the logic of the value-in-use calculation and the inputs to
                                                                      the calculation of the discount rates applied, including
                                                                      evaluating the forecasts, inputs and any underlying
                                                                      assumptions with a view to identifying Management bias.
                                                                  •   Performed our own sensitivity analyses for reasonably
                                                                      possible changes in key assumptions, the two main
                                                                      assumptions being: the discount rate and forecast growth
                                                                      assumptions.

                                                                  •   Evaluated the related disclosures (including the
                                                                      accounting policies and accounting estimates) around
                                                                      goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets, which
                                                                      are included in the Group’s consolidated financial
                                                                      statements.



Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon

The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
Company’s Annual Report but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements, or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.

 Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
 Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd.                     22
Directors’ responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the New
Zealand Accounting Standards Board, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
(NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

A further description of the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is located on the
External Reporting Board’s website at: https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/

Restriction on use of our report

This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might
state to the Company’s shareholders, as a body, those matters which we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report
and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other
than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our audit work, for this report or for the opinion we have
formed.



Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited




Ryan Campbell
Partner
Auckland
26 June 2024




 Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
 Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd.                  23
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024
                                                                                          2024          2023
                                                                                  Note      $             $

Interest income                                                                    9      13,679,143    10,618,423
Interest expense                                                                   9      (8,096,442)   (5,223,799)
Net interest income                                                                        5,582,701     5,394,624

Fee and commission income                                                          9       3,327,444     2,980,148
Fee and commission expense                                                         9       (862,307)     (781,120)
Net fee and commission income                                                              2,465,137     2,199,028

Revenue from contracts with customers                                              9        138,466         65,626
Cost of sales                                                                      9        (17,426)        (4,006)
Gross profit from contracts with customers                                                  121,040         61,620

Other income                                                                       9          26,390        45,056
Gross Profit                                                                               8,195,268     7,700,328

Increase in allowance for expected credit losses                                             (59,087)     (573,970)
Personnel expenses                                                                        (1,791,560)   (1,218,362)
Occupancy expenses                                                                          (105,378)             -
Depreciation                                                                                 (11,313)     (125,797)
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets                                   10        (21,334)     (537,779)
Other operating expenses                                                                  (2,620,994)   (1,900,329)
                                                                                          (4,609,666)   (4,356,237)



Profit before income tax expense                                                           3,585,602     3,344,091
Income tax expense                                                                 17      (952,441)    (1,085,848)
Net profit after income tax expense                                                        2,633,161     2,258,243

Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value                     13(b)
through other comprehensive income                                                           (31,240)      (73,713)
Income tax on these items                                                                    (43,273)             -
Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                                            (74,513)      (73,713)
Total comprehensive income                                                                 2,558,648     2,184,530


Earnings per share (cents per share)                                               14            0.72          0.98
Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                       14            0.72          0.98




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



                                                                       24
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                   AS AT 31 MARCH 2024
                                                                                                     2024           2023
                                                                                     Note              $              $
Equity
Share capital                                                                        13(a)           21,561,120     21,561,120
Accumulated earnings                                                                                  5,381,065      3,011,160
Reserves                                                                            13(b)              (130,768)      (319,510)
Total equity                                                                                         26,811,417     24,252,770


Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                             5           15,303,073        14,072,194
Accounts receivables                                                                                   4,850            46,213
Related party receivables                                                             19                 235               725
Other current assets                                                                                 334,828           347,467
Bank deposits                                                                         5           12,714,591         9,937,974
Loan receivables                                                                      6          132,163,725       108,771,965
Property, plant and equipment                                                                         31,907            33,732
Investments                                                                           12             126,624           214,730
Deferred tax asset                                                                   17.2            182,173           313,454
Intangible assets and goodwill                                                        10           2,468,625         2,349,405
Total assets                                                                                     163,330,631       136,087,859

Liabilities
Accounts payable and other payables                                                                1,033,694           816,766
Related party payables                                                                19               6,366           117,410
Term deposits                                                                         7          135,118,547       109,886,032
Income tax payable                                                                                   360,607         1,014,881
Total liabilities                                                                                136,519,214       111,835,089
Net assets                                                                                        26,811,417        24,252,770




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


Net tangible assets (NTA) per share (cents per share)                                                       6.65           5.94
Net assets (NA) per share (cents per share)                                                                 7.37           6.67


The financial statements are signed on behalf of the Board.




                     Rewi Bugo                                                   Brent King
                     Chairman                                                    Managing Director

Authorised for issue on:                25-Jun-24



                                                                       25
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024


                                                                                                           Accumulated
                                                                        Share capital       Reserves                         Total equity
                                                                                                             earnings


                                                          Note                 $               $               $                  $

Balance at 1 April 2022                                                      13,025,575       (245,799)         752,916        13,532,692

Profit for the year                                                                     -              -      2,258,243         2,258,243
Other comprehensive income for                            13(b)
the year                                                                                -      (73,713)                  -        (73,713)
Total comprehensive income for
the year                                                                                -      (73,713)       2,258,243         2,184,530

Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Contributions of equity net of
transaction costs                                                             8,535,545                -                 -      8,535,545
Total transactions with owners in
their capacity as owners
                                                                              8,535,545               -               -         8,535,545
Balance at 31 March 2023                                                     21,561,120       (319,511)       3,011,160        24,252,769


Profit for the year                                                                     -              -      2,633,161         2,633,161
Other comprehensive income for
the year                                                                                -      (74,513)                  -        (74,513)
Total comprehensive income for
the year                                                                                -      (74,513)       2,633,161         2,558,648
Transfer fair value reserve to
accumulated earnings for FVTOCI
equity investment                                                                              263,256        (263,256)                 -
Balance at 31 March 2024                                                     21,561,120       (130,768)       5,381,065        26,811,417




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                       26
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASHFLOWS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024
                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                 Note      $               $

Cash flow from operating activities
Interest received                                                                       13,795,341      10,647,402
Receipts from customers                                                                  3,312,918       2,457,853
Other income                                                                                 3,190           4,755
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                     (5,419,578)     (3,753,310)
Interest paid                                                                           (7,377,800)     (5,898,226)
Income tax paid                                                                         (1,475,434)       (772,829)
Net cash flows from operating activities before changes in                               2,838,637       2,685,645
operating assets and liabilities


Term deposits (net receipts)                                                             24,485,709      22,534,413
Loan receivables (net advances)                                                         (23,144,390)    (28,665,673)
Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities                             18      4,179,956      (3,445,615)

Cash flow from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                     (9,488)       (11,960)
Purchase of Intangible assets                                                              (213,346)               -
Investment in bank deposits                                                              (2,776,617)     (7,487,974)
Investment in equities                                                                       50,374                -
Net cash used in investing activities                                                    (2,949,077)     (7,499,934)

Cash flow from financing activities
Issue of ordinary shares                                                                           -      8,535,545
Lease payments                                                                                     -      (179,372)
Net cash provided by financing activities                                                          -      8,356,173

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the reporting                             14,072,194      16,661,570
year
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents held
during the reporting year                                                                 1,230,879      (2,589,376)

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting year                        5      15,303,073      14,072,194




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                       27
                                                            GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

NOTE 1: REPORTING ENTITY
General Capital Limited ("the Company") is incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand. General Capital Limited is registered under the Companies
Act 1993.

General Capital Limited is a FMC reporting entity for the purposes of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The consolidated financial statements of General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries (together "the Group") have been prepared in accordance
with the Companies Act 1993 and the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The Group is a for profit entity.

The Group's principal activities are:
- Finance (deposit taking and mortgage lending);
- Research and advisory (listing and capital management).

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 25 June 2024

NOTE 2: BASIS OF PREPARATION

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand ("NZ GAAP"). They
comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards ("NZ IFRS") and other applicable Financial Reporting
Standards, as appropriate for profit oriented entities. These consolidated financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting
Standards ("IFRS").

The financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars which is the Group's functional currency and the presentation currency. Unless
otherwise indicated, amounts in the financial statements have been rounded to the nearest dollar.

These financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates continuity of normal business activities and the
realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course of business, in accordance with historical cost concepts, as modified by
the fair value of certain assets and liabilities as identified in the accounting policies below.
NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

3.1 Revenue and expense recognition
(a) Interest income and expense
Interest income and interest expense
Interest income and interest expense is recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method. The effective interest method calculates
the amortised cost of a financial asset or liability and allocates the interest income and directly related fees (including loan origination fees) and
transaction costs (including commission expenses) that are an integral component of the effective interest rate over the expected life of the
financial asset or liability.

Loan fees and commissions
Lending fee income (such as loan establishment fees) that is integral to the effective yield of a loan held at amortised cost is capitalised as part of
the amortised cost and deferred over the life of the loan using the effective interest method. Lending fees not directly related to the origination of
a loan (account maintenance fee) are recognised over the period of service. Incremental and directly attributable costs (such as commissions)
associated with the origination of a financial asset (such as loans) and financial liabilities (such as term deposits) are capitalised as part of the
amortised cost and deferred over the life of the financial instrument using the effective interest method.

(b) Revenue from contracts with customers:
Advisory fee revenue
Advisory contracts generally span a period of three months to one and a half years. Management determine the performance obligation(s)
inherent in the contract at contract inception and recognise revenue upon completion of each of the performance obligations. Performance
obligations include advice provided to the entity and sometimes include the success of a project. There are specific billing milestones built into
each contract and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days of the milestone.

Assets and liabilities arising from revenue from contracts with customers
Accounts receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 30 to 60 days.



                                                                          28
                                                              GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

3.2 Financial instruments
Initial recognition
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the
contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue
of financial assets and financial liabilities are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate,
on initial recognition.
Financial assets
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classification of
the financial assets.

Classification of financial assets
Financial assets that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at amortised cost:
- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)*:
- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial
assets; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
principal amount outstanding.

Despite the foregoing, the Group makes the following irrevocable election/designation at initial recognition of a financial asset:
- the Group irrevocably elects to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if certain
criteria are met; and
- the Group irrevocably designates a financial asset that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI* criteria as measured at FVTPL** if doing so
eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

The Group’s financial assets measured at amortised cost include cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits, trade receivables, loan receivables, and
other receivables. The Group’s assets measured at FVTOCI* include investment in equities. The Group has no assets measured at FVTPL**.



Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost.

For financial assets that have subsequently become credit‑impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the
amortised cost of the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit‑impaired financial instrument improves so
that the financial asset is no longer credit‑impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
amount of the financial asset.
Financial assets at FVTOCI*
Equity Instruments at FVTOCI*
On initial recognition, the Group made an irrevocable election (on an instrument by instrument basis) to designate investments in equity
instruments as at FVTOCI*.

Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI* are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair
value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the financial assets at
FVOCI reserve. The cumulative gain or loss is not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, instead, it is transferred to
retained earnings.

The Group has designated all investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI* on initial recognition.
*FVTOCI - Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
**FVTPL - Fair Value Through Profit or Loss




                                                                             29
                                                              GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

Modification of financial assets
When the contractual cash flows of a financial asset are renegotiated or otherwise modified and the renegotiation or modification does not result
in the derecognition of that financial asset, the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount of the financial asset and recognises a modification
gain or loss in profit or loss. The gross carrying amount of the financial asset is recalculated as the present value of the renegotiated or modified
contractual cash flows that are discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest rate. Any costs or fees incurred adjust the carrying
amount of the modified financial asset and are amortised over the remaining term of the modified financial asset.


Impairment of Financial Assets
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on financial assets that are measured at amortised cost. The amount of expected
credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect a significant change in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial assets.

The Group recognises lifetime ECL** for trade and other receivables. The expected credit losses on these financial assets are estimated using a
provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic
conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of
money where appropriate.

For loan receivables, the Group applies a three-stage approach to measuring ECLs**. Loans may migrate through the following stages based on
their change in credit quality.
Stage 1        12-month ECL**(past due 30 days or less)
               Where there has been no evidence of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs** that result from possible
               default events within 12 months are recognised.
Stage 2        Lifetime ECL** not credit impaired (between 30 and 90 days past due)
               Where there has been a significant increase in credit risk, ECLs** that result from all possible default events over the life of the loan
               are recognised.
Stage 3        Lifetime ECL** credit impaired (greater than 90 days past due)
               Where loans are in default or otherwise credit impaired, ECLs** that result from all possible default events over the life of the loan
               are recognised.
(i) Significant increase in credit risk
In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a
default occurring on the financial asset at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial asset at the date of initial
recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers its historical loss experience and adjusts this for current observable data. This data
includes any payment defaults by the borrower, known or expected defaults by the borrower on similar obligations (other loans), uninsured
deterioration of the security property and any changes in the borrowers circumstances which could impact on their ability to repay either interest
or principal amounts on their due date. The Group also considers changes or forecast changes to macroeconomic factors including property prices,
unemployment, interest rates, gross domestic product and inflation.

The nature of the Group’s loan receivables is property lending with a predominant focus on the underlying security value of the loan receivable
(i.e. the residential property value) in the credit assessment. The loans are predominantly advanced on twelve-month terms but range between
three-month and four-year terms. Credit risk information is updated and monitored regularly. Loan receivables are subject to ongoing scrutiny, as
a key component of credit risk management, with reporting of summarised credit risk information to the Group’s directors on at least a monthly
basis.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since
initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
demonstrates otherwise, for instance when the Group is made aware of a property sale and purchase agreement or refinancing agreement which
provides sufficient evidence that all of the borrower’s obligations including default interest will be met. The Group regularly monitors the
effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure
that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


*FVTOCI - Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income                                   **ECL - Expected Credit Losses




                                                                            30
                                                            GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024


(ii) Definition of default

The Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and
supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate, for instance when the Group is made aware of
a property sale and purchase agreement or refinancing agreement which provides sufficient evidence that all of the borrower’s obligations
including default interest will be met.

(iii) Credit‑impaired financial assets

A financial asset is credit‑impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial
asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit‑impaired includes observable data about the following events:
a) an increase in loan to valuation ratio caused by either declining property security values or increases in the loan balance;
b) significant financial difficulty of the borrower; and
c) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see (ii) above).

(iv) Write‑off policy

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the borrower is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic
prospect of recovery, for example an unsecured financial asset whereby the borrower has no realistic ability to meet their financial obligations to
the Group. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account
legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.

v) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses

The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a
default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted for
forward‑looking information including macroeconomic factors as described above. Given the Group’s loan book is all secured over property, the
single most significant factor for loss given default is the value of the security property, any known or expected uninsured deterioration of the
property, or any forecast reduction in property values.

As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date.

For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate. In
instances where the probability of default has increased significantly (a significant increase in credit risk), or where the loan is in default, the
expected credit loss (or loss given default) may not increase significantly due to the Group’s lending criteria which prohibits lending when the loan
to valuation ratio (LVR)* exceeds 75%.

This means in general that the Group expects that the present value of expected cash flows from a loan in default to approximate the carrying
value of the loan prior to the default event, except in cases where the LVR* has increased considerably due to a reduction in the security property
valuation or a significant increase in the loan balance.

If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial asset at an amount equal to lifetime ECL** in the previous reporting period, but
determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime ECL** are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an
amount equal to 12‑month ECL** at the current reporting date.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial assets with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount
through a loss allowance account.
Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire.

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

*LVR - Loan to Valuation Ratio
**ECL - Expected Credit Losses




                                                                           31
                                                             GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024


Financial Liabilities

Classification of Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost.

At initial recognition financial liabilities are measured at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue of the financial
liabilities. The amortised cost of a financial liability is the amount at which the financial liability is measured at initial recognition minus the
principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the
maturity amount.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the
relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or
received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of
the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.

The Group's financial liabilities measured at amortised cost include other payables, term deposits and lease liability. The Group derecognises
financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying
amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

3.3 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents includes demand deposits with an original term of less than or equal to 3 months which are considered highly liquid
investments that are readily convertible into cash and used by the Group as part of day-to-day cash management.

3.4 Intangible assets
Intangible assets comprise goodwill, acquired licences, Bartercard trade dollars, computer software, and customer relationship.
Goodwill and acquired licences are indefinite life intangibles subject to annual impairment testing. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units
for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected
to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose, identified according to the respective operating segment. Refer to note 4.2
and note 10.
Licences acquired as part of business combinations are capitalised separately from goodwill as intangible assets if their value can be measured
reliably on initial recognition and it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the
Group.
Bartercard Trade Dollars are units of electronic currency held by the Group which can be used to pay for products and services from other
Bartercard members instead of paying in cash. They are non-monetary assets which are classified as indefinite life intangible assets. The assets are
recognised at cost less accumulated impairment losses. The trade dollars are acquired as earned and consumed as utilised and are tested at least
annually for impairment or when indication of an impairment exist. An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying amount of a
Bartercard exceeds its recoverable amount. The estimated recoverable amount of intangible assets - Bartercard Trade Dollars are the greater of
their fair value less costs to sell or value in use. Trade debits arising from sales to customers and trade credits from purchases of services are
recognised in the statement of comprehensive income in the period in which the transaction occurs. Where trade credits are used to purchase an
asset, the asset is capitalised and recognised in the statement of financial position.

Computer software is recognised in the statement of financial position at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Direct costs
associated with the purchase and installation of software licences and the development of software for internal use are capitalised where project
success is probable and the capitalisation criteria is met. Cost associated with planning and evaluating computer software and maintaining a
system after implementation are expensed. Computer software costs are amortised on a straight-line basis (three years).

Customer relationship is recognised in the statement of financial position at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Direct
costs associated with the purchase are capitalised to the cost. Customer relationship cost is amortised on a straight-line basis (five years).

3.5 Taxation
Income tax for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income in the profit or
loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised outside profit or loss (whether in other comprehensive income or directly in equity), in
which case the tax is also recognised outside profit or loss.




                                                                            32
                                                            GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

3.6 Impairment of non-financial assets
Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment
annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired.
3.7 Standards and interpretations to published standards that are not yet effective
A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are issued but not yet effective. None of these are expected to
have a significant effect on the financial statements of the Group.

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
There are a number of significant accounting treatments which include complex or subjective judgments and estimates that may affect the
reported amounts of assets in these financial statements. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

An explanation of the judgments and estimates made by the Group in the process of applying its accounting policies, that have the most
significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements, are set out below.

4.1 Allowance for expected credit losses
Significant increase in credit risk
Expected credit losses (‘ECL’) are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL, or lifetime ECL for assets with a significant increase in credit
risk or in default or otherwise credit impaired. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has increased significantly, the Group considers its
historical loss experience and adjusts this for current observable data. This data includes any payment defaults by the borrower, known or
expected defaults by the borrower on similar obligations (other loans), uninsured deterioration of the security property and any changes in the
borrowers circumstances which could impact on their ability to repay either interest or principal amounts on their due date. The Group also
considers changes or forecast changes to macroeconomic factors including property prices, unemployment, interest rates, gross domestic product
and inflation.
Calculation of loss allowance

When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward-looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future
movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.

Loss given default is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due and those that
the Group would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements.

Probability of default is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data,
assumptions and expectations of future conditions.

Expected credit losses:

1) Based on the history of the Group’s loan book over the last three years, the average annual write-offs as a percentage of the average loan
receivable balance over the same period was 0.10%.

2) The Group has concluded that adopting a more conservative estimate of 0.25% (March 2023: 0.25%) of the gross loan balance is a more
prudent and appropriate measure for anticipating potential losses over the next 12 months, compared to a less conservative estimate of 0.10%.
This approach aligns with the Group's risk management strategy and ensures a more robust provisioning for expected credit losses.

3) Lifetime ECL’s for loans with a significant increase in credit risk and for loans in default have been calculated based on the Company’s
expectations for discounted net cash flows from the respective loan receivables over the expected remaining life of the loans.




                                                                           33
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

4.2 Impairment analysis of goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets
The carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets (including licences and Bartercard trade dollars) is assessed at least annually to
ensure that it is not impaired. With regard to Goodwill and Licences, performing this analysis requires management to estimate future cash flows
to be generated by the cash-generating unit, which entails making judgements, including the expected rate of growth of revenues and
expenditures, assets and liabilities, and the resulting cashflows. Judgements also need to be made about the appropriate discount rate to apply
when valuing future cash flows.

A sensitivity analysis performed by Management has highlighted that the carrying value of the Goodwill and other assets in the research and
advisory CGU* are highly reliant on the achievement of revenue forecasts from advisory projects.

Management have performed a fair value less costs of disposal impairment test in relation to the carrying value of the Bartercard trade dollars
asset at 31 March 2024.

Impact of high inflation, high interest rates, uncertainty in the property market, financial market uncertainties on loan receivables and
expected credit losses on impairment analysis of goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets

When conducting the impairment analysis of goodwill and other indefinite-life intangible assets, the Group has considered all reasonably known
and available information.

Expected impact on cash-generating units
1. Finance CGU* - The forecasted cash flows used in the impairment analysis factor in the above-stated events. The results of the model show that
there is still significant headroom in the unit.

2. Research and Advisory CGU* - Due to the impacts of some of the above-stated factors the Group performed an impairment test as at 31 March
24 which has resulted in no impairment to the CGU*.

NOTE 5: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND BANK TERM DEPOSITS
                                                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                                                          $                  $

Bank call deposits1                                                                                                    15,303,073         12,683,613
Bank term deposits2                                                                                                             -          1,388,581
                                                                                                                       15,303,073         14,072,194

Bank term deposits2 - Current Portion3                                                                                 12,714,591           9,937,974

Interest Rates:
     1
       Bank call deposits: Between 0.00% and 5.70% (March 2023: Between 0.00% and 4.10%).
     2
       Bank term deposits: N/A (March 2023: 3.35% - 5.15% per annum).
     3
       Current Portion of Bank term deposits is contractually repayable within 12 months.
NOTE 6: LOAN RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                                         $                  $
First mortgage advances                                                                                               134,140,905        110,506,174
Less deferred fee income and expenditure                                                                               (1,504,680)         (957,944)
Less impairment allowance                                                                                                (472,500)         (776,265)
Net carrying value                                                                                                    132,163,725        108,771,965


Current portion                                                                                                        94,940,875        107,648,114
Non-current portion                                                                                                    37,222,850          1,123,851
                                                                                                                      132,163,725        108,771,965

*CGU - Cash Generating Unit




                                                                          34
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

Primary loan security - first mortgage                                          2024                2024              2023                2023
                                                                                  $                  %                  $                  %
Residential housing                                                            117,504,757               87.6%        92,916,572               84.1%
Residential bare land                                                           14,911,604               11.1%        12,383,593               11.2%
Residential development land and housing                                                 -                0.0%         2,107,329                1.9%
Commercial property1                                                             1,724,544                1.3%         3,098,680                2.8%
                                                                               134,140,905              100.0%       110,506,174              100.0%

1
The Group’s lending policy allows for a maximum of 30% of total lending to be secured over commercial properties. During the year ended 31
March 2024 the Group had 1.3% of commercial lending (2023: 2.8%).
Loan receivables represent loans at commercial interest rates. Current loan receivables are contractually repayable within 12 months. Non-
current loan receivables are contractually repayable within 12 months to 36 months of reporting date.

At year end there was $2,052,306 in outstanding loan commitments (loans approved and accepted not yet drawn) including future capitalised
interest (March 2023: $7,510).

Interest rate: Between 9.25% and 11.50% (2023: Between 5.45% and 12.90%).
Effective interest rate: Between 10.25% and 24.11% (2023: Between 5.79% and 22.79%).
For loans that are in default, additional interest of up to 10% is charged.

The core lending activity of the Group is providing, through a broker network, short term and bridging finance secured by mortgage over
residential property. The majority of loans are entered into with a maturity date within 12 months, with a proposal that repayment will be funded
by the sale of the secured property or through refinancing by the borrower. General Finance Limited lending policy allows for a maximum “loan to
security value” of 75% (excluding fees and charges) on advances, unless approved by the full board of General Finance Limited. There are no loans
with loan to valuation ratio above 75% at the reporting date (2023: none).

Sometimes loan repayments do not occur on the contractual maturity date and the term of the loan is extended i.e. rollover occurs. Before a loan
is rolled over, the Company’s standard credit checking and approval processes are re-applied. The current “loan to security value” position will be
re-assessed and updated valuations are obtained where the Directors consider this appropriate. Loan application fees are charged and evidence is
obtained of the borrower’s agreement to the contractual terms and conditions of the extended loan.

At reporting date, 30.8% (March 2023: 28.6%) of loans by number and 32.6% (March 2023: 24.8%) by value represent loans that have been rolled
over and are into their second or subsequent credit periods. Where loans have been rolled over, their classification in these consolidated financial
statements as current or non-current, or as past due, is based on payment due dates as per the terms of the extended contract, and not as per the
original or preceding contract.

Borrower payment terms are profiled as follows:
                                                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                                                        $                   $
Principal and interest paid monthly                                                                                    1,144,796                   -
Interest only paid monthly                                                                                           132,683,098         110,401,835
Interest capitalised                                                                                                     313,011             104,339
Total loan receivables                                                                                               134,140,905         110,506,174

Loan fees (for all loans) and interest (for capitalised interest loans) are capitalised to the loan balances when charged and recognised over the life
of the loans using the effective interest method. The associated cash is received when the loans are repaid (or partially repaid). Income recognised
during the financial year from amounts capitalised to loan receivables were as follows:

                                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                                         $                  $
Interest income                                                                                                            13,246            236,135
Loan Fees                                                                                                               2,853,522          2,629,760
Total                                                                                                                   2,866,768          2,865,895




                                                                         35
                                                               GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

Reconciliation of gross loan receivable balance movements through ECL* stages:

                                                                                                Lifetime ECL*      Lifetime ECL*
                                                                               12 month           not credit            credit
                                                                                  ECL*             impaired           impaired             Total
                                                                                   $                   $                  $                  $
Balance as at 31 March 2022                                                      79,129,017           1,301,738            487,279        80,918,034
New loan advances                                                                95,678,186                   -                  -        95,678,186
Repayments                                                                      (64,301,029)         (1,301,738)          (487,279)      (66,090,046)
Transfer to lifetime not credit impaired                                         (5,415,857)          5,415,857                  -                 -
Transfer to lifetime credit impaired                                             (4,061,846)                  -          4,061,846                 -
Balance as at 31 March 2023                                                     101,028,471           5,415,857          4,061,846       110,506,174
New loan advances                                                               111,138,453                   -                  -       111,138,453
Repayments                                                                      (78,255,053)         (5,053,005)        (3,832,813)      (87,140,871)
Loan balances written off                                                                 -            (362,852)                 -          (362,852)
Transfer to lifetime not credit impaired                                         (7,780,334)          7,780,334                  -                 -
Transfer to lifetime credit impaired                                               (573,671)                  -            573,671                 -
Balance as at 31 March 2024                                                     125,557,867           7,780,334            802,704       134,140,905

Reconciliation of movements in impairment allowance by stage:

                                                                                                Lifetime ECL*      Lifetime ECL*
                                                                               12 month           not credit            credit
                                                                                  ECL*             impaired           impaired             Total
                                                                                   $                   $                  $                  $
Balance as at 31 March 2022                                                         197,536               3,254              1,505           202,295
New loan advances                                                                   239,195                   -                  -           239,195
Repayments                                                                         (160,466)             (3,254)            (1,505)         (165,225)
Transfer to lifetime not credit impaired                                            (13,540)             13,540                  -                  -
Transfer to lifetime credit impaired (collectively assessed)                        (10,155)                  -             10,155                  -
Transfer to lifetime credit impaired (individually assessed)                              -            400,000             100,000           500,000
Balance as at 31 March 2023                                                         252,570            413,540             110,155           776,265
New loan advances                                                                   277,846                   -                  -           277,846
Repayments                                                                         (195,637)            (12,633)            (9,582)         (217,852)
Loan balances written off (collectively assessed)                                         -                (907)                 -               (907)
Loan balances written off (individually assessed)                                         -           (362,852)                  -          (362,852)
Transfer to lifetime not credit impaired                                            (19,451)             19,451                  -                  -
Transfer to lifetime credit impaired (collectively assessed)                         (1,434)                  -              1,434                  -
Transfer to lifetime credit impaired (individually assessed)                              -             (37,148)            37,148                  -
Balance as at 31 March 2024                                                         313,894              19,451            139,155           472,500

In instances where the probability of default has increased significantly (a significant increase in credit risk), or where the loan is in default, the
expected credit loss (or loss given default) may not increase significantly due to the Group’s lending criteria which prohibits lending when the loan
to valuation ratio (LVR)** exceeds 75%. This means in general that the Group expects that the present value of expected cash flows from a loan in
default to approximate the carrying value of the loan prior to the default event, except in cases where the LVR** has increased considerably due
to a reduction in the security property valuation or a significant increase in the loan balance.

The LVR of loans with a significant increase in credit risk or in default was in a range of 50.5% - 70.6% as at 31 March 2024 (March 2023: in a range
of 34.9% - 67.2%), based on the security property valuation at origination. The lifetime ECL Credit Impaired loans are made up of two loans. $0.6m
was repaid or extended after the reporting date. Full recovery is expected from all loans.

*ECL - Expected Credit Losses




                                                                          36
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

NOTE 7: TERM DEPOSITS
                                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                                       $                 $
Gross term deposit liability                                                                                       135,192,864       109,988,514
Less deferred commission expenditure                                                                                    (74,317)        (102,482)
Net carrying value                                                                                                 135,118,547       109,886,032

Contractual repayment terms:
On call                                                                                                                178,813            104,087
Within 12 months                                                                                                    88,839,334         77,329,770
Greater than 12 months                                                                                              46,100,400         32,452,175
                                                                                                                   135,118,547        109,886,032

Repayment Terms:               On call up to 5 years
Interest Rate:                 3.65% - 8.30% and 0.15% on call (March 2023: 3.65% - 7.75% and 0.15% on call)
Effective Interest Rate:       3.65% - 8.30% and 0.15% on call (March 2023: 3.65% - 7.75% and 0.15% on call)
Security:                      First ranking security interest over the assets and undertakings of General Finance Limited in favour of the Trustee
                               (subject only to any prior security interests permitted by the Trust Deed and preferential claims given priority by
                               operation of law).
The Group has a total of 1,003 depositors as at 31 March 2024 (March 2023: 853). As at the reporting date, the largest deposit the Group has is
$1,286,221 (March 2023: $1,224,361) which represents 0.95% (March 2023: 1.11%) of total deposits. As at the reporting date the largest
aggregate of deposits under a single deposit holder totals $2,850,000 (March 2023: $3,000,000) which represents 2.11% (March 2023: 2.73%) of
total deposits and have a weighted average maturity date of 7.99 months from reporting date (March 2023: 16.02 months from reporting date).
$645,066 of the Term deposits held by related parties has been approved for early withdrawal on 28 April 2023 in compliance with General
Finance Limited ‘early repayment’ terms of offer criteria included in the General Finance Limited Product Disclosure Statement.
Further analysis of gross deposit funding is as follows:
Concentration of funding                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                                                       $                  $
Northland                                                                                                            4,631,033          4,166,690
Auckland                                                                                                            53,614,586         47,277,149
Waikato                                                                                                             13,529,906         10,186,523
Bay of Plenty                                                                                                       11,861,471         10,314,064
Wellington                                                                                                          18,440,430         14,234,721
Other North Island                                                                                                   8,872,147          6,285,283
South Island                                                                                                        19,715,023         14,536,014
Overseas                                                                                                             4,528,268          2,988,070
Total gross term deposit liability                                                                                 135,192,864        109,988,514

Contractual maturity of funding                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                                                      $                  $
Maturing in 0 - 6 months                                                                                            40,974,805         45,295,457
Maturing in 6 - 12 months                                                                                           48,060,194         32,176,340
Maturing in 12 - 24 months                                                                                          35,221,462         21,984,844
Maturing after 24 months                                                                                            10,936,403         10,531,873
Total gross term deposit liability                                                                                 135,192,864        109,988,514

Profile of deposit holders                                                      2024              2024               2023              2023
                                                                                                    $                                    $
Deposits over $200,000                                                           178              85,140,202         140               68,792,518
Deposits $100,000 - $200,000                                                     170              23,478,598         117               16,323,173
Deposits $50,000 - $100,000                                                      223              16,598,086         214               15,983,117
Deposits $20,000 - $50,000                                                       236               7,948,537         213                7,034,278
Deposits $10,000 - $20,000                                                       109               1,546,022          98                1,401,109
Deposits under $10,000                                                            87                  481,419         71                   454,319
Total gross term deposit liability                                              1003             135,192,864         853              109,988,514




                                                                         37
                                                              GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

NOTE 8: RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks comprising credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk (interest rate risk) and fair value risk.

8.1 Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises
principally from the Group's loan receivables, cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits and accounts receivable.

The maximum credit exposure of the Group, assuming a zero value for collateral is $164,215,960 (2023: $134,570,790). This includes loans
receivable of $134,140,905 (2023: $110,506,174), undrawn loan commitments of $2,052,306 (2023: $7,510), bank deposits of $28,017,664 (2023:
$24,010,168), accounts receivable of $4,850 (2023: $46,213) and related party receivables of $235 (2023: $725). Of this exposure, 82.9% is
covered by collateral over properties (2023: 82.1%) and 17.1% is deposited with registered New Zealand banks (2023: 17.8%).

To manage credit on finance receivables the Group performs credit evaluations on all customers requiring advances. The approval process
considers a number of factors including the value of the security compared to the value of the amount to be borrowed ("loan to valuation ratio" or
"LVR"*), the creditworthiness of the borrower and their ability to repay.

The Group operates a credit risk (lending) policy which stipulates the Group's requirements regarding the security and LVR* of the borrowing, the
credit worthiness of borrowers, geographical spread, maximum loan exposure size and credit approval authority levels. Decisions on whether to
approve or decline loans are made by the credit committee in line with the Group's credit risk policy. Loan receivables are subject to regular
scrutiny, as a key component of credit risk management. This includes a review of the borrower’s repayment history and any interest arrears; any
changes in the borrowers circumstances which could impact on their ability to repay either interest or principal amounts on their due date and
any movement in the security value.

As at 31 March 2024 the Group’s loan advances are secured over first mortgages 100% (March 2023: 100%). There were no unsecured loans as at
31 March 2024 (March 2023: none).

Loan receivables credit exposures are concentrated in the residential property sector, particularly in the North Island and the Auckland Market.
As at 31 March 2024, advances by the Group in the North Island residential property sector represented 88.7% (March 2023: 93.5%) of its total
exposure, with 70.0% (March 2023: 74.3%) being in the Auckland market. The geographical profile of loan receivables is analysed further as
follows:


                                                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                                                               $                   $
Northland                                                                                                                     6,146,498           1,412,729
Auckland                                                                                                                     93,905,052          82,157,883
Waikato                                                                                                                       3,268,816           3,671,767
Bay of Plenty                                                                                                                 1,440,507           1,641,255
Wellington                                                                                                                    6,172,735           8,403,589
Other North Island                                                                                                            8,082,401           6,000,304
Canterbury                                                                                                                   10,931,866           3,622,661
Otago                                                                                                                         2,017,465           3,144,922
Marlborough                                                                                                                   2,175,565             451,064
Total                                                                                                                       134,140,905         110,506,174




*LVR - Loan to Valuation Ratio




                                                                             38
                                                             GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

The concentration of the credit exposure to the six largest exposures is 18.8% (March 2023: 17.4%) of the total loan portfolio. The Group has
elected to disclose the largest six exposures as this is considered to provide a meaningful indication of concentration of credit risk. An exposure is
calculated as the total of all loan exposures to a single borrower or group of linked borrowers.

The size of loan exposures is analysed further as follows:

                                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                                    Number of          Number of
                                                                                                                    Exposures          Exposures
Less than $100,000                                                                                                              -                  -
Between $100,000 and $250,000                                                                                                  14                  8
Between $250,000 and $500,000                                                                                                  19                 15
Between $500,000 and $1,000,000                                                                                                45                 38
Between $1,000,000 and $1,500,000                                                                                              18                 16
Between $1,500,000 and $2,000,000                                                                                              20                 10
Between $2,000,000 and $2,500,000                                                                                               3                 10
Between $2,500,000 and $3,000,000                                                                                               4                  3
Between $3000,000 and $3,500,000                                                                                                -                  1
Between $3,500,000 and $4,000,000                                                                                               -                  2
Between $4,000,000 and $4,500,000                                                                                               1                  -
Between $4,500,000 and $5,000,000                                                                                               2                  -
Between $5,000,000 and $5,500,000                                                                                               -                  -
Between $5,500,000 and $6,000,000                                                                                               1                  -
Total No. of Exposures                                                                                                        127                103
The provision for expected credit losses for performing and under-performing loans is detailed and explained in note 6. Gross past due loan
receivables total $10,353,446 (March 2023: $14,620,056) which equates to 7.7% (March 2023: 13.2%) of total loan receivables.

As shown in the aging analysis of past-due loans below, the balance comprises:
Stage 1         12-month ECL*
                Gross loans receivable totalling $1,770,408 (March 2023: $5,142,353) were past due and the Group has concluded there has not
                been a significant increase in credit risk.

Stage 2         Lifetime ECL* not credit impaired
                Gross loans receivable totalling $7,780,334 (March 2023: $5,415,857) were past due by between 30 and 90 days and the Group has
                concluded there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

Stage 3         Lifetime ECL* credit impaired
                Gross loans receivable totalling $802,704 (March 2023: $4,061,846) were past due by greater than 90 days and the Group has
                concluded there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

Aging analysis – past due but not considered under-performing loans:
                                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                                        $                  $
Up to 30 Days                                                                                                          1,770,408          5,142,353
31 - 60 Days                                                                                                           7,275,651          5,415,857
61 - 90 Days                                                                                                             504,683                  -
91 - 120 Days                                                                                                                  -            555,465
120+ Days                                                                                                                802,704          3,506,381
Total                                                                                                                 10,353,446         14,620,056

The Group is also exposed to credit risk from deposits held with banks. As at reporting date, the Group holds deposits in New Zealand Registered
Banks including 12.9% with Bank of New Zealand (2023: 40.3%), 0.0% with ASB Bank (2023: 1.3%), 59.2% with Heartland Bank (2023: 58.4%), 5.6%
with Westpac New Zealand (2023: 0.0%), 22.3% with ANZ Bank New Zealand, of which 22.3% is held through Forsyth Barr custodial account (2023:
0.1%, no custodial account)

*ECL- Expected Credit Losses

                                                                         39
                                                              GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

8.2 Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with financial liabilities as they fall due.

The Group operates a liquidity risk policy and endeavours to maintain sufficient funds to meet its commitments based on forecasted cash flow
requirements. Management has internal control processes and contingency plans to actively manage the lending and borrowing portfolios to
ensure the net exposure to liquidity risk is minimised. The exposure is reviewed on an on-going basis from daily procedures to monthly reporting
as part of the Group's liquidity management policies and processes.

The following tables set out the undiscounted contractual cash flows, and the undiscounted expected cash flows, of the Group’s financial assets
and liabilities.

                                                                                           Contractual Cash Flows
2024                                                                    Total              0-6              7 - 12                13 - 24           24+
                                                                                         Months           Months                 Months          Months
                                                                            $                 $                  $                      $             $
Financial assets
Amortised cost
Cash and cash equivalents                                       15,303,073           15,303,073                  -                    -                -
Bank deposits                                                   13,165,370            5,998,667          7,166,703                    -                -
Other financial assets                                              19,985               19,985                  -                    -                -
Loan receivables                                               145,576,153           68,609,818         35,628,786           33,543,389        7,794,160
Totals                                                         174,064,581           89,931,543         42,795,489           33,543,389        7,794,160
Financial liabilities
Amortised cost
Term deposits                                                  145,372,958           43,902,980         50,943,680           38,076,355      12,449,943
Other payables                                                   1,325,542            1,325,542                  -                    -               -
Totals                                                         146,698,500           45,228,522         50,943,680           38,076,355      12,449,943

Net cashflow                                                    27,366,081           44,703,021          (8,148,191)         (4,532,966)      (4,655,783)

                                                                                           Contractual Cash Flows
2023                                                                    Total              0-6              7 - 12                13 - 24           24+
                                                                                         Months           Months                 Months          Months
                                                                            $                 $                  $                      $             $
Financial assets
Amortised cost
Cash and cash equivalents                                       14,085,363           14,085,363                  -                    -                -
Bank deposits                                                   10,020,923           10,020,923                  -                    -                -
Other financial assets                                              68,591               68,591                  -                    -                -
Loan receivables                                               115,135,378           70,460,010         43,424,316            1,251,052                -
Totals                                                         139,310,255           94,634,887         43,424,316            1,251,052                -
Financial liabilities
Amortised cost
Term deposits                                                  116,607,943           47,036,067         34,013,191           23,855,967      11,702,718
Other payables                                                   1,943,161            1,943,161                  -                    -               -
Totals                                                         118,551,104           48,979,228         34,013,191           23,855,967      11,702,718

Net cashflow                                                    20,759,151           45,655,659           9,411,125         (22,604,915)     (11,702,718)




                                                                                40
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

                                                                                     Expected Cash Flows
2024                                                              Total             0-6             7 - 12              13 - 24             24+
                                                                                  Months          Months               Months            Months
                                                                      $                $                 $                    $               $
Financial assets
Amortised cost
Cash and cash equivalents                                  15,686,236          15,686,236                -                  -                 -
Bank deposits                                              13,165,370           5,998,667        7,166,703                  -                 -
Other financial assets                                         19,985              19,985                -                  -                 -
Loan receivables                                          152,474,660          37,772,535       21,226,360         68,903,951        24,571,814
Totals                                                    181,346,251          59,477,423       28,393,063         68,903,951        24,571,814
Financial liabilities
Amortised cost
Term deposits                                             154,835,296          19,692,023       22,797,682         45,216,718        67,128,873
Other payables                                              1,325,542           1,325,542                -                  -                 -
Totals                                                    156,160,838          21,017,565       22,797,682         45,216,718        67,128,873


Net cashflow                                               25,185,413          38,459,858         5,595,381        23,687,233        (42,557,059)

                                                                                     Expected Cash Flows
2023                                                              Total             0-6             7 - 12              13 - 24             24+
                                                                                  Months          Months               Months            Months
                                                                      $                $                 $                    $               $
Financial assets
Amortised cost
Cash and cash equivalents                                  14,361,602          14,361,602                -                  -                 -
Bank deposits                                              10,020,923          10,020,923                -                  -                 -
Other financial assets                                         68,591              68,591                -                  -                 -
Loan receivables                                          120,857,051          38,221,976       24,451,716         57,557,833           625,526
Totals                                                    145,308,167          62,673,092       24,451,716         57,557,833           625,526
Financial liabilities
Amortised cost
Term deposits                                             123,586,143          20,987,638       15,510,520         39,981,225        47,106,760
Other payables                                              1,943,161           1,943,161                -                  -                 -
Totals                                                    125,529,304          22,930,799       15,510,520         39,981,225        47,106,760


Net cashflow                                               19,778,863          39,742,293         8,941,196        17,576,608        (46,481,234)

The table above shows management’s expected maturities of existing financial assets and liabilities. In determining the expected cash flow, the
following assumptions have been made based on management’s best estimate having regard to past experience, current market conditions and
the future outlook including the ongoing post pandemic economic environment, high inflation, high interest rates, uncertainty in the property
market, financial market uncertainties and post natural disaster environment estimated impacts:

 -   60% term deposit reinvestment rate for 31 March 2024 (March 2023: 60%).
 -   Cash and cash equivalents are expected to earn interest for the first six months at 5.01% pa
 -   Term deposit reinvestments are made for a weighted average 18-month term at 7.57% pa (March 2023: 18-month term at 6.94% pa).
 -   50% of loans (March 2023: 50%) not past due repay on existing contractual maturity date, with the balance rolled over at their existing
     interest rates and repaid after a further 12 months.




                                                                          41
                                                             GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

8.3 Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial
instruments.
Interest rate risk is the risk of loss to the Group arising from adverse changes in interest rates. The Group's financing activities are exposed to
interest rate risk in respect of its interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. Changes to interest rates can impact the Group's financial
results by affecting the interest spread earned on these assets and liabilities. Interest rates for finance receivables, term deposits, and bank
deposits (other than those on call) are fixed for the term of their respective contracts. Interest rates are repriced on contractual maturity dates of
the financial instruments. There is a risk that different financial instruments (such as loan receivables and term deposits) are repriced on different
dates, i.e. a repricing risk (refer to contractual cash flows under liquidity risk for repricing dates).

The table below summarises the sensitivity of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities to interest rate risk.

                                                                         -1% Profit before                            +1% Profit
2024                                                  Carrying Amount                               -1% Equity                            +1% Equity
                                                                               tax                                    before tax
Financial Assets                                              $                  $                       $                $                    $
Cash and cash equivalents                                     15,303,073        (153,031)               (110,182)          153,031              110,182
Loan Receivables                                             134,140,905      (1,341,409)               (965,814)        1,341,409              965,814
Bank Deposits                                                 12,714,591        (127,146)                 (91,545)         127,146               91,545
Financial Liabilities
Term Deposits                                                135,192,864            1,351,929            973,389         (1,351,929)          (973,389)

Total increase / (decrease)                                                         (269,657)           (194,152)           269,657             194,152

                                                                          -1% Profit before                           +1% Profit
2023                                                  Carrying Amount                               -1% Equity                            +1% Equity
                                                                                tax                                   before tax
Financial Assets                                              $                   $                      $                $                    $
Cash and cash equivalents                                     14,072,194         (140,722)              (101,320)          140,722              101,320
Loan Receivables                                             110,506,174       (1,105,062)              (795,645)        1,105,062              795,645
Bank Deposits                                                   9,937,974          (99,380)               (71,554)          99,380               71,554
Financial Liabilities
Term Deposits                                                109,988,514            1,099,885            791,917         (1,099,885)          (791,917)

Total increase / (decrease)                                                         (245,279)           (176,602)           245,279             176,602




                                                                           42
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

NOTE 9: SEGMENT REPORTING
Management has determined the operating segments based on the components of the Group that engage in business activities, which have
discrete financial information available and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group's chief operating decision maker. The
chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Board of Directors. The chief operating decision maker has been identified as the
executive directors.

Three reportable segments have been identified as follows:
- Finance: Deposit taking and short term property mortgage lending.
- Research and Advisory: Provides investment advisory services and produces and sells investment research and publications.
- Corporate and Other: Corporate function and investment activities.

                                                                           Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2024            Finance     Research and Advisory            Other         Total Segments      Eliminations        Consolidated
                                     $                  $                        $                  $                 $                   $
Revenue - interest income          13,399,355               16,118                266,945         13,682,418             (3,276)        13,679,142
Revenue - fee income (loan           3,327,444                        -                  -         3,327,444                    -        3,327,444
receivables)
Revenue from contracts
with customers
- Advisory fee revenue                        -                135,695                   -          135,695               2,361              138,056
- Yearbook and research                      -                     409                   -               409                  -                 409
sales
Other income                             3,190                   4,000            681,468           688,658           (662,268)              26,390
Dividend income                              -                        -                  -                  -                 -                    -
Total revenue                       16,729,989                 156,222            948,413         17,834,624          (663,183)          17,171,441
Interest expense                   (8,096,442)                        -            (3,276)       (8,099,718)              3,276         (8,096,442)
Fee and commission                   (862,307)                        -                  -         (862,307)                  -           (862,307)
expense  (finance
Cost of sales                                -                 (20,354)                  -           (20,354)             2,929             (17,425)
Net revenue                          7,771,240                 135,868            945,137          8,852,245          (656,978)          8,195,267
Increase in allowance for              (59,087)                       -                 -            (59,087)                 -            (59,087)
expected credit losses
Personnel expenses                 (1,530,721)                 (21,956)         (238,883)        (1,791,560)                    -       (1,791,560)
Depreciation and                      (23,825)                        -            (8,823)          (32,648)                    -          (32,648)
amortisation
Impairment Expense -                          -                       -                  -                  -                   -                  -
intangible assets
Other expenses                     (2,336,156)                 (54,373)         (983,536)        (3,374,065)           662,268          (2,711,797)
Income Tax Expense                   (938,360)                        -           (12,600)         (950,960)            (1,481)           (952,441)
Net profit / (loss) after tax        2,883,091                   59,539         (298,705)          2,643,925              3,809           2,647,734

Total Assets                       156,967,691                 955,791          5,940,759        163,864,241          (533,609)        163,330,631

Total Liabilities                  136,525,549                    3,796           482,404        137,011,749          (492,534)        136,519,214
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and other non-current assets (excluding non-current finance receivables):

                                                                           Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2024            Finance      Research and Advisory           Other       Total Segments        Eliminations        Consolidated
                                     $                   $                       $                $                   $                   $
Other                                 219,219                      -                 3,593         222,812                      -          222,812
                                       219,219                      -                3,593          222,812                      -          222,812




                                                                          43
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024


                                                                           Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2023            Finance     Research and Advisory            Other         Total Segments      Eliminations        Consolidated
                                     $                  $                        $                  $                 $                   $
Revenue - interest income          10,580,049                6,573                 37,757         10,624,379             (5,956)        10,618,423
Revenue - fee income (loan
receivables)                         2,980,148                        -                  -         2,980,148                    -        2,980,148
Revenue from contracts
with customers
- Advisory fee revenue                       -                 134,256                  -            134,256            (69,266)           64,990
- Yearbook and research                      -                     636                  -                636                   -              636
sales
Other income                            23,456                        -           502,506            525,962          (480,906)            45,056
Dividend income                              -                        -         2,474,234          2,474,234        (2,474,234)                  -
Total revenue                       13,583,653                 141,465          3,014,497         16,739,615        (3,030,362)         13,709,253
Interest expense                   (5,224,192)                        -            (5,563)       (5,229,755)             5,956          (5,223,799)
Fee and commission                   (781,120)                        -                  -         (781,120)                  -           (781,120)
expense  (finance
Cost of sales                                -                 (10,932)                  -           (10,932)            6,926               (4,006)
Net revenue                         7,578,341                  130,533          3,008,934        10,717,808         (3,017,480)          7,700,328
Increase in allowance for
expected credit losses               (573,970)                        -                 -          (573,970)                    -         (573,970)
Personnel expenses                 (1,032,028)                        -         (186,334)        (1,218,362)                    -       (1,218,362)
Depreciation and
amortisation                           (93,683)                       -           (32,752)         (126,435)                    -        (126,435)
Impairment Expense -
intangible assets                            -                (537,141)                 -          (537,141)                 -            (537,141)
Other expenses                     (1,526,579)                 (67,019)         (681,626)        (2,275,224)           374,895          (1,900,329)
Income tax (expense) /             (1,106,760)                        -             1,293        (1,105,467)            19,619          (1,085,848)
benefit
Net profit / (loss) after tax        3,245,321                (473,627)         2,109,515          4,881,209        (2,622,966)           2,258,243


Total Assets                       129,256,532                 854,324          6,097,813        136,208,669          (120,810)        136,087,859


Total Liabilities                  111,697,481                   19,105           203,208        111,919,794           (84,705)        111,835,089


Acquisition of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and other non-current assets (excluding non-current finance receivables):

                                                                           Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2023            Finance        Research and Advisory         Other      Total Segments         Eliminations        Consolidated
                                     $                     $                     $               $                    $                   $
Other                                         -                      -             10,476          10,476                       -            10,476
                                               -                      -            10,476          10,476                        -           10,476




                                                                          44
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

NOTE 10: INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                         Bartercard
                                                                                              Trade
                                                            Goodwill          Licences      Dollars      Software         Total
                                                                  $                  $            $             $            $
Year ended 31 March 2023
Opening net book amount                                   2,350,730           277,000     290,348            638     2,918,716
Additions                                                         -                 -         283              -           283
Disposals                                                         -                 -      (31,815)            -       (31,815)
Amortisation charge                                        (537,141)                -            -          (638)    (537,779)
Closing net book amount                                   1,813,589           277,000      258,816              -    2,349,405


At 31 March 2023
Cost                                                      2,350,730           277,000      258,816         70,293    2,956,839
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                    (537,141)                -            -        (70,293)   (607,434)
Net book amount                                           1,813,589           277,000      258,816               -   2,349,405

                                                                                         Bartercard
                                                                                              Trade     Customer
                                                            Goodwill          Licences      Dollars   Relationship        Total
                                                                  $                  $            $              $           $
Year ended 31 March 2024
Opening net book amount                                   1,813,589           277,000     258,816              -     2,349,405
Additions                                                         -                 -           -        213,346       213,346
Disposals                                                         -                 -     (72,792)             -       (72,792)
Amortisation and impairment charge                                -                 -           -        (21,334)      (21,334)
Closing net book amount                                   1,813,589           277,000     186,024        192,012     2,468,625

At 31 March 2024
Cost                                                      1,813,589           277,000      186,024       283,639     2,560,252
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                           -                 -            -       (91,627)      (91,627)
Net book amount                                           1,813,589           277,000      186,024       192,012     2,468,625

Impairment testing for cash-generating units (CGU)* containing brands and licences

                                                                                                       2024          2023
Goodwill                                                                                                 $             $
Allocated to the finance CGU*                                                                           1,323,729     1,323,729
Allocated to the research and advisory CGU*                                                               489,860       489,860
                                                                                                        1,813,589     1,813,589

Licences with an indefinite useful life
Allocated to the finance CGU*                                                                            247,000       247,000
Allocated to the research and advisory CGU*                                                               30,000        30,000
                                                                                                         277,000       277,000


*CGU - Cash Generating Unit




                                                                       45
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill and indefinite life licences are outlined above. Goodwill primarily relates to growth expectations,
expected future profitability and the workforce of the CGU's*. The Group has assessed that there is no foreseeable limit to the period of time over
which the goodwill and licences are expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group and as such they have been assessed as having an
indefinite useful life.

The Group's indefinite useful life intangible assets have been tested for impairment at least annually. Research and Advisory & Finance CGU* was
last tested on 31 March 2024 with no impairment required. Impairment of $537,141 pertaining to the Research and Advisory CGU was recognised
in the year ended 31 March 2023.

The recoverable amount of the CGUs* has been determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use pre-tax cash flow
projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five year period. Cash flows beyond the five year period are
extrapolated using the estimated long term growth rates stated below. The growth rate does not exceed the long term average for the products,
industries or country in which the CGUs* operate. For each of the CGU's with goodwill and indefinite life licences, the key assumptions, long term
growth rate and discount rate used in the value in use calculations are as follows.

                                                                                                                    2024               2023
Impairment                                                                                                            $                  $
Impairment expense - Goodwill                                                                                                 -           537,141


Finance CGU*

Pre-tax free cash flows to equity holders (FCFE)** have been forecasted based on growth in the non-bank deposit taking / residential lending
business within the current constraints of the licence / trust deed which prohibits the Capital Ratio to go below 8%. The forecasted growth in net
cash flows is driven primarily by the net interest and fee margin from forecasted growth in deposit funding and the loan book. Significant
expenditure has been incurred since the business was purchased by the Group to ensure that the business has the capacity and resources to allow
for the growth.

Key assumptions used in value-in-use calculations

The key "base" assumptions used in the calculation of value-in-use for Finance CGU* are:
1) Loan receivables through the forecast period
2) Term Deposits through the forecast period
3) Loan weighted average interest rate growth through the forecast period
4) Term Deposit weighted average growth through the forecast period
5) Discount rates
6) Growth rates used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the forecast period




*CGU - Cash Generating Unit                                         **FCFE - Free Cash flows to Equity Holders




                                                                        46
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

The table below sets out the key assumptions for the Finance CGU* for testing done as at 31 March 2024:

                                                                                            Loan weighted       Term Deposit
                                                                                Total Term average interest weighted average
31 March 2024 Assumptions                        Total Loan Receivables           Deposits             rate      interest rate
Year one growth                                                   31.2%             31.1%                0.9%              1.9%
Year two growth                                                   13.2%             14.8%                0.0%              0.0%
Year three growth                                                 11.7%             12.9%                0.0%              0.0%
Year four growth                                                  10.5%             11.4%                0.0%              0.0%
Year five growth                                                   9.5%             10.3%                0.0%              0.0%
Terminal growth beyond year 5                                                        2.0%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                               19.7%

                                                                                            Loan weighted       Term Deposit
                                                                                Total Term average interest weighted average
31 March 2023 Assumptions                        Total Loan Receivables           Deposits             rate      interest rate
Year one growth                                                   39.4%             38.5%               -1.3%             32.8%
Year two growth                                                   19.3%             18.2%               -0.3%              4.4%
Year three growth                                                 16.2%             15.4%                0.0%              0.0%
Year four growth                                                  13.9%             13.3%                0.0%              0.0%
Year five growth                                                  12.2%             11.8%                0.0%              0.0%
Terminal growth beyond year 5                                                        2.1%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                               21.3%

Loan Receivable and Term Deposits
The most recent historic data on term deposit withdrawals, top-ups, and new deposits was reviewed to estimate trends in term deposit inflows,
which in turn funded the growth in loan receivables. For the year ended 31 March 2024, the actual growth in loan receivables was 22%, and term
deposits grew by 23%. This is lower than last year's forecast, primarily due to lower demand for new loans throughout the year. Consequently,
management controlled the growth of term deposits to match the lending demand and the required cash and cash equivalent reserves.

The forecasted growth of 31.2% in loan receivables and 31.1% in term deposits for the year ending 31 March 2025 is conservative compared to
the average annual growth of 35.5% for loan receivables and 33.3% for term deposits over the most recent three years ending 31 March 2024. For
the remaining forecast periods, the most recent increase in total loan receivables and the corresponding increase in total term deposits, as a
percentage of the total loan receivable increase, were used as primary assumptions.


Lending and Term Deposit Interest rates

Weighted average interest on loans was assumed based on the interest rates and maturities of the existing loans with an incremental monthly
review for new loans during the first forecast period to 31 March 2025. The weighted average lending rate as at 31 March 2025 was then carried
forward for the remainder of the forecast period as a proxy.
Group is anticipating an increase in weighted average rate on term deposits given the existing competitive nature of the industry and higher levels
of inflation rates. The rate is expected to plateau at the end of the first forecast period to 31 March 2025. The rate from 31 March 2025 was
carried forward for the remainder for the forecast period as a proxy.

Terminal growth beyond year five

Cash flows beyond the five year period are extrapolated using the estimated long term growth rate of 2.1% which is Westpac forecast rate. This is
also consistent with the mid point of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand medium term Consumer Price Index Policy Target range (1% to 3%), with a
focus on keeping future average inflation near the 2% target midpoint. The growth rate does not exceed the long term average for the products,
industries or country in which the CGUs* operate.

*CGU - Cash Generating Unit




                                                                          47
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

Pre-tax discount rate

The discount rates represent the current market assessment of the risks specific to the finance CGU*. The discount rate calculation is based on the
industry segment the CGU* is engaged in, and is derived from its weighted average cost of capital. The weighted average cost of capital takes into
account both the cost of debt and equity, however for the purposes of 31 March 2024 testing we put target Equity to Capital of 100%. The cost of
equity is derived from the expected return on investment by the Group’s investors using the capital asset pricing model allowing for unsystemic
risk adjustments. Segment-specific risk is incorporated by applying individual beta factors. The beta factors are evaluated based on publicly
available market data at the time of testing. Adjustments to the discount rate are made in order to reflect a pre-tax discount rate.

The specific risk premium includes adjustments to the basic Capital Asset Pricing Model inputs to arrive at a risk adjusted cost of equity. These
adjustments include current market factors (other than systemic risks) and asset specific risks. In arriving at specific risk premium management
have considered factors such as:
1) Small Size Risk
2) Key Personnel Dependency Risk
3) Limited Product Line Risk
4) Geographical/Concentration Risk
5) Forecast Risk
The uncertainty in the cash flows for future periods has been built into discount rate.

Sensitivity to change in key assumptions
The most sensitive assumptions in the calculation of value-in-use are term deposits growth, loan receivable growth, weighted average loan
interest rate growth and weighted average term deposit interest rate growth. The following summarises the amount by which the key
assumptions would need to change, with all other assumptions remaining constant, for the recoverable amount to equal the carrying amount:


                                                                       Headroom/(Impairment)
                                                                               $ '000
Base assumption                                                               65,514
Loan Receivable Growth                                                         57.0%
Term Deposit Growth                                                           -42.0%
Term Deposit interest rate Growth                                              6.0%
Loan interest rate Growth                                                      -6.0%
Terminal growth beyond year 5                                           No material sensitivity
Pre-tax discount rate                                                   No material sensitivity

The following summarises the impairment or headroom that would have resulted had the noted changes to the "base" assumptions been made,
with all other assumptions remaining constant:
                                                                       Headroom/(Impairment)
                                                                              $ '000
Base assumption                                                               65,514
Loan Receivable Growth + 10% above base                                       51,812
Loan Receivable Growth - 10% below base                                       74,066
Term Deposit Growth + 10% above base                                          75,560
Term Deposit Growth - 10% below base                                          50,322
Term Deposit interest rate Growth + 1% above base                             25,332
Term Deposit interest rate Growth - 1% below base                             45,908
Loan interest Growth + 1% above base                                          46,220
Loan interest Growth - 1% below base                                          25,020

*CGU - Cash Generating Unit




                                                                         48
                                                               GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

Research and advisory CGU*
Pre-tax free cash flows to the firm (FCFF)** has been forecasted based on expected revenue and expenditure growth in the research and advisory
business.

Key assumptions used in value-in-use calculations
The key "base" assumptions used in the calculation of value-in-use for Research and Advisory CGU* are:
1) Net Revenue Expectations through the forecast period
2) Expenditure Expectations through the forecast period
3) Pre-tax Discount rates
4) Terminal Growth rates used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the forecast period
The table below sets out the key assumptions for Research and Advisory CGU*:
                                                                                                               Working Capital
31 March 2024 Assumptions                                                     Net Revenue     Expenditure       Movements      Pre-tax FCFF***
Actual 31 March 2024 year                                                           119,750         (77,281)             4,359           46,828
Forecast 2025                                                                       124,417         (77,000)           (1,048)           46,369
Forecast 2026                                                                       127,397         (78,844)             (558)           47,995
Forecast 2027                                                                       234,559         (98,051)             (586)          135,921
Forecast 2028                                                                       239,051         (99,929)             (616)          138,506
Forecast 2029                                                                       243,605       (101,833)              (646)          141,126
Terminal growth beyond year five                                                      2.0%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                                22.1%
                                                                                                               Working Capital
31 March 2023 Assumptions                                                     Net Revenue     Expenditure       Movements      Pre-tax FCFF***
Actual 31 March 2023 year                                                           123,960         (67,019)          (11,117)           45,824
Forecast 2024                                                                       151,590         (85,909)           (1,815)           63,866
Forecast 2025                                                                       159,168         (92,705)             (429)           66,034
Forecast 2026                                                                       164,340         (95,718)             (451)           68,171
Forecast 2027                                                                       255,979       (118,192)              (473)          137,314
Forecast 2028                                                                       262,378       (121,146)              (407)          140,825
Terminal growth beyond year five                                                      2.1%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                                21.5%
Net Revenue
Net Revenue is calculated as gross revenue less forecast 15% direct commission.
Forecast Revenue consists of :
1) Debt structuring/Brokerage Revenue: the Group is anticipating that Capital Markets will need more professional advice on the structure, this is
backed up by an increasing demand for the service. Group is expecting to perform 4 projects per annum in the forecast period based on the
number of projects performed for the year ended 31 March 2024.
2) Capital Raising/Listing Revenue: No Capital Raising revenue is forecast for the 2 years ended 31 March 2026 due to the unpredictable state of
the economy & anticipated Group commitments. Capital Raising projects are forecast to start in the year ended 31 March 2027 and 31 March
2028 as economy is assumed to start picking up. Capital Raising projects are assumed to run on a 2 year basis and probability of securing projects
is assumed at 70% per year. Value of the projects is set at historic average.
3) Other Income/Commissions Revenue - incidental ad hoc income based on historic trends.

It is assumed that all projects will be in the form of cash.
Expenditure
The Group is expecting expenditure to stay in line with historic trends, normalised for unusual/one off events. Most of these form part of the
Group recharges based on resources allocated. Salaries and Wages are driven by the project revenue and labour allocations required, these will
increase for the year ended 31 March 2027 and 31 March 2028, based on the normalised historic levels when Capital Raising/Listing Revenue has
been derived. Inflationary factor has been allocated to expenditures at 5% for the Forecast 2025; 3.25% for Forecast 2026; 2.75% for the Forecast
2027 and 2.5% for the Forecast 2028 and 2029.

*CGU - Cash Generating Unit
**FCFF - Free Cash flows to the Firm

                                                                         49
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

Pre-tax discount rate

The discount rates represent the current market assessment of the risks specific to the Research and Advisory CGU*. The discount rate calculation
is based on the industry segment the CGU* is engaged in, and is derived from its weighted average cost of capital. The weighted average cost of
capital takes into account both the cost of debt and equity. The cost of equity is derived from the expected return on investment by the Group’s
investors using the capital asset pricing model allowing for unsystemic risk adjustments. The cost of debt is derived from weighted average
interest rate paid by the finance segment to deposit holders as at 31 March 2024. Segment-specific risk is incorporated by applying individual beta
factors. The beta factors are evaluated based on publicly available market data at the time of testing. Adjustments to the discount rate are made
in order to reflect a pre-tax discount rate.

The specific risk premium includes adjustments to the basic Capital Asset Pricing Model inputs to arrive at a risk adjusted cost of equity. These
adjustments include current market factors (other than systemic risks) and asset specific risks. In arriving at specific risk premium management
have considered factors such as:
1) Small Size Risk
2) Key Personnel Dependency Risk
3) Limited product line Risk
4) Geographical/Concentration Risk
5) Forecast Risk
The uncertainty in the cash flows for future periods has been built into the discount rate.

Terminal growth beyond year five

Cash flows beyond the five year period are extrapolated using the estimated long term growth rate of 2.1% which is Westpac forecast rate. This is
also consistent with the mid point of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand medium term Consumer Price Index Policy Target range (1% to 3%), with a
focus on keeping future average inflation near the 2% target midpoint. The growth rate does not exceed the long term average for the products,
industries or country in which the CGUs* operate.

Sensitivity to changes in key assumptions

The most sensitive assumptions in the calculation of value-in-use for the Research and Advisory CGU* is Revenue Growth; Expenses Growth;
Discount rate and long term growth rate. The sensitivity test of the amount by which the key assumptions would need to change, with all other
assumptions remaining constant, for the recoverable amount to equal the carrying amount is not relevant, given that the base assumption is
break even position. The following summarises the impairment or headroom that would have resulted had the noted changes to the "base"
assumptions been made, with all other assumptions remaining constant:

                                                                       Headroom/(Impairment)
                                                                                 $
Net Revenue Growth + 10% above base                                               102,151
Net Revenue Growth - 10% below base                                             (102,151)
Expenditure Growth + 10% above base                                               (43,366)
Expenditure Growth - 10% below base                                                50,352
Pre-tax Discount rate Growth + 1% above base                                      (28,751)
Pre-tax Discount rate Growth - 1% below base                                       31,886
Terminal Growth rate Growth + 1% above base                                        16,478
Terminal Growth rate Growth - 1% below base                                       (14,918)



*CGU - Cash Generating Unit




                                                                         50
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

NOTE 11: INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES
                                                                                                                Ownership Interest Held
Subsidiary                                                                                                      2024              2023
Corporate Holdings Limited (CHL)                                        Holding company                        100.0%           100.0%
General Finance Limited                                                 Finance                                100.0%           100.0%
Investment Research Group Limited                                       Research and advisory                  100.0%           100.0%
Commercial and General Finance Limited                                  Dormant                                100.0%           100.0%
General Finance & Investments Limited                                   Dormant                                100.0%           100.0%
General Finance & Leasing Limited                                       Dormant                                100.0%           100.0%
General Leasing Limited                                                 Dormant                                100.0%           100.0%
General Loan and Finance Limited                                        Dormant                                100.0%           100.0%
Mykco Limited (previously named General Capital Limited)                Dormant                                100.0%           100.0%

All subsidiaries have a 31 March balance date.

NOTE 12: INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                                                  $                 $
Investment in unlisted entities                                                                                   126,624           214,730

NOTE 13: EQUITY

                                                                                      2024                             2023
                                                                             Number              $            Number               $
(a) Ordinary shares                                                          363,574,975        21,561,120    363,574,975         21,561,120

All ordinary shares rank equally and entitle the holder to participate in dividends and to share in the proceeds of winding up the Company in
proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. One vote is attached to each fully-paid ordinary share. Shares have no par
value.

(b) Reserves
                                                                                          Financial Assets   Share-based         Total
                                                                                             at FVOCI*        payments          Reserves
                                                                                                 $                $                $
Balance at 1 April 2022                                                                          (280,314)          34,516         (245,798)
Revaluation of financial assets at FVOCI*                                                         (73,713)               -          (73,713)
Balance at 31 March 2023                                                                         (354,027)          34,516         (319,511)
Expired warrants converted to retained earnings                                                          -        (16,908)          (16,908)
Revaluation of financial assets at FVOCI*                                                         (31,240)               -          (31,240)
Disposed financial assets transferred to retained earnings net of tax                              236,891               -           236,891
Balance at 31 March 2024                                                                         (148,376)          17,608         (130,768)




*FVOCI - Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income




                                                                        51
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

NOTE 14: EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                                                  Cents             Cents
Basic earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders                                                      0.72              0.98
Diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders                                                    0.72              0.98
                                                                                                                  2024               2023
Basic earnings per share                                                                                            $                  $
Profit / (loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company used in
calculating basic earnings per share:                                                                               2,633,161         2,258,243
Profit / (loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company used in
calculating diluted earnings per share:                                                                             2,633,161         2,258,243
                                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                                                 Number            Number
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating basic
earnings per share                                                                                               363,574,975        230,023,343
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
diluted earnings per share                                                                                       363,574,975        230,023,343
NOTE 15: SHARE BASED PAYMENTS
Warrants issued to directors and senior managers
During the year ended 31 March 2024, 4,250,000 of warrants lapsed due to non-saftisfaction of the terms of the warrant. (31 March 2023: nil)

The Senior Management warrants comprise 4,250,000 2024 warrants which entitled the holder to subscribe for one ordinary share for each
warrant exercisable prior to 30 June 2024, at 9.0 cents per share.

The Senior Management warrants are not transferable and require the relevant senior manager to remain employed by or to be a contractor to
the Company at the date of the exercise. The warrants are not quoted on NZX.

                                                                                                              Directors' and Senior Managers'
                                                                                                                          Warrants1
                                                                                                                 Number                $
Balance at 1 April 2022                                                                                            8,500,000               34,516

Balance at 31 March 2023                                                                                            8,500,000              34,516
Warrants issued on 27 September 2021 lapsed on non satisfaction of
the terms of the warrant (note 13)                                                                                (4,250,000)           (16,908)
Balance at 31 March 2024                                                                                            4,250,000             17,608

NOTE 16: OTHER EXPENSES
Included in other expenses are the following amounts:                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                                                    $                  $
Directors fees                                                                                                       463,642            420,790

Auditors Remuneration
- Audit and other assurance services
     - Audit of financial statements (Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited)                                      232,534           228,900
     - Review of quarterly trustee certificates (Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited)                             3,000             3,000
Total remuneration paid to auditors                                                                                  235,534           231,900




                                                                         52
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

NOTE 17: TAXATION

17.1 Income tax
                                                                                                   2024           2023
                                                                                                     $              $
Net operating profit before taxation                                                                3,585,602      3,344,091

Income tax expense at prevailing rates (2024: 28%; 2023: 28%)                                      (1,003,969)      (936,345)
Tax impact of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                 (12,070)     (159,619)
Tax impact of OCI deductible loss                                                                       78,446              -
Over-provision of tax in prior year                                                                    (14,848)       10,116
Taxation expense per the statement of comprehensive income                                           (952,441)    (1,085,848)
Comprising:
  - Current tax                                                                                     (864,434)     (1,264,253)
  - Deferred tax                                                                                      (88,007)       178,405
                                                                                                    (952,441)     (1,085,848)

17.2 Deferred tax asset
                                                                                                   2024           2023
                                                                                                     $              $
Balance at beginning of year                                                                          313,454        135,049
(Charged) / credited to profit or loss
Increase / (decrease) in impairment loss provision                                                    (85,054)      160,711
Increase / (decrease) in accrued expenses                                                              (7,268)       13,767
Increase / (decrease) in lease liability                                                                     -      (48,822)
Increase / (decrease) in unearned income                                                                4,315        11,659
Increase / (decrease) in right of use asset                                                                  -       41,090
                                                                                                      (88,007)      178,405
(Charged) / credited to other comprehensive income
Changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income      (43,273)            -
                                                                                                      182,173       313,454

Deferred tax attributed to:                                                                        2024           2023
                                                                                                     $              $
Deferred tax assets:
Impairment loss provision                                                                             132,300       217,354
Accrued expenses                                                                                       33,899        41,168
Fair value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                           -        43,273
Unearned income                                                                                        15,974        11,659
                                                                                                      182,173       313,454

17.3 Imputation credit account
                                                                                                   2024           2023
                                                                                                     $              $
Balance at beginning of year                                                                          966,368        204,395
Tax paid                                                                                            1,460,165        770,418
Tax refund received                                                                                   (15,149)        (8,445)
                                                                                                    2,411,384        966,368




                                                                      53
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

NOTE 18: RECONCILIATION OF NET SURPLUS WITH CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                              Note              2024              2023
                                                                                                                  $                 $
Net profit after tax                                                                                             2,633,161         2,258,243

Adjustment for non-cash and other items
Movement in allowance for expected credit losses                                                                     59,087           573,970
Impairment of Goodwill                                                                         10                         -           537,141
Deferred tax movement                                                                          17                   131,281         (178,405)
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                   9                    32,647           126,435
Interest on lease liability                                                                                               -             5,008

Adjustment for movements in working capital
(Increase) / decrease in loan receivables (net advances)                                                       (23,144,389)      (28,665,673)
Increase / (decrease) in term deposits (net receipts)                                                            24,485,708        22,534,412
(Increase) / decrease in accrued interest on loans receivable                                                        62,278         (369,482)
(Increase) / decrease in capitalised loan fees                                                                    (982,490)         (880,116)
(Increase) / decrease in capitalised interest                                                                        23,908           398,461
(Increase) / decrease in accounts receivable                                                                         41,363           (28,863)
(Increase) / decrease in related party receivable                                                                       490              (725)
(Increase) / decrease in prepayments and other current assets                                                        50,463         (126,730)
(Increase) / decrease in prepaid commission                                                                          28,164           (15,123)
(Increase) / decrease in Bartercard trade dollars                                                                    72,792             31,532
Increase / (decrease) in income tax payable                                                                       (654,274)           491,424
Increase / (decrease) in deferred income                                                                            621,151           207,523
Increase / (decrease) in interest payable                                                                           718,642         (679,435)
Increase / (decrease) in related party payable                                                                    (111,044)           104,219
Increase / (decrease) in accounts and other payables                                                                111,018           230,569
Net cash (outflow) / inflow from operating activities                                                            4,179,956        (3,445,615)


NOTE 19: RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS

Key Management Personnel (KMP) includes the Company’s Directors, subsidiary company Directors, Legal Counsel, and Chief Financial Officer.



Related party receivables:                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                                  $                 $
Key Management Personnel                                                                                                235                  725

Related party payables:                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                                                  $                 $
Key Management Personnel                                                                                               6,366          117,410


The above amounts payable to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




                                                                     54
                                                             GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

Other related party balances:
                                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                                        $                  $
Term deposits held by related parties1                                                                                 1,300,724          2,342,793
Loans receivable from related parties2                                                                                    312,288                 -

1
 Includes term deposits held by Key Management Personnel, Directors, their families and their controlled entities. During the year ended 31
March 2024 $645,066 of the Term deposits held by related parties has been approved for early withdrawal on 28 April 2023 in compliance with
the Company’s ‘early repayment’ terms of offer criteria included in the Company’s Product Disclosure Statement. ($3,677,705 approved for early
withdrwal during the year ended 31 March 2023).
2
 On 24 January 2024, a capitalised interest loan of up to $359,092 was approved for a related party. The loan is an arms length transaction
conducted on normal commercial terms. (Year ended 31 March 2023: nil)



Transactions with related parties
                                                                                                                      2024               2023
Related Party                                Type Transaction                                                           $                  $
Key Management Personnel                  Expense Short term Remuneration                                              1,181,431           986,963
(KMP)1
                                          Expense Interest paid or capitalised on term deposits held by KMP or          101,682            224,778
                                                  their family members
                                          Expense Recharge of expenses                                                  284,130            356,582
                                 Intangible Assets Client Relationship                                                  200,000                  -

                                  Contra Expense Recharge of expenses                                                     20,238              30,310
1
 Key Management Personnel (KMP) includes the Company’s Directors, subsidiary company Directors, Corporate Counsel, and Chief Financial
Officer.

NOTE 20: EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE

There has been no matters or circumstance, which has arisen since reporting date that has significantly affected or may significantly affect:
    - the operations, in financial years subsequent to reporting date, of the Group, or
    - the results of those operations, or
    - the state of affairs, in financial years subsequent to reporting date, of the Group.




                                                                            55
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED

                                                SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION



General Capital Limited (the Company) is a listed company on the NZX Main Board. Prior to 1 July 2019 the Company was listed on the New
Zealand Alternative Market (NZAX).


The Company had one class of quoted financial products on issue during the year ended 31 March 2024.

Ordinary shares
All ordinary shares rank equally with one vote attached to each ordinary share. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and
the proceeds on the winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of shares held.


LARGEST HOLDERS OF QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS (as at 27 May 2024)

Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                         Ordinary Shares
Rank     Registered Holder                                                                                                           %
                                                                                                              Held
1        Borneo Capital Limited1                                                                             127,010,424                  34.93%
2        API No 1 Limited Partnership                                                                         86,956,522                  23.92%
3        Lynn Landmark Michel & Mat Floyd Trustee Co (No 1) Limited                                           34,782,609                   9.57%
4        Brent Douglas King                                                                                   22,115,317                   6.08%
5        Snowdon Peak Investments Limited                                                                     14,882,720                   4.09%
6        Owen Arvind Daji                                                                                      7,030,463                   1.93%
7        Olivia Ling                                                                                           6,667,775                   1.83%
8        Montezemolo Holdings Limited                                                                          6,511,945                   1.79%
9        John Tomson                                                                                           6,289,722                   1.73%
10       Stephen John Sinclair & Jacqueline Margaret Sinclair & Roger Frederick Wallis                        5,667,424                    1.56%
11       Syed Hizam Alsagoff                                                                                   4,000,000                   1.10%
12       Citibank Nominees (New Zealand) Ltd                                                                   3,297,873                   0.91%
13       New Zealand Depository Nominee Limited1                                                               3,140,268                   0.86%
14       Liyun Chen                                                                                            2,000,000                   0.55%
15       Garth William Ward                                                                                    1,839,122                   0.51%
16       Lik Sean Chang                                                                                        1,494,305                   0.41%
17       Sii Yih Ting                                                                                          1,480,000                   0.41%
18       CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                                             1,387,280                   0.38%
19       Saje Limited                                                                                          1,333,333                   0.37%
20       Koon Weng Lee                                                                                         1,291,325                   0.36%
                                                                                                             339,178,427                  93.29%

1
 Borneo Capital Limited's share holding has been adjusted for 88,510 shares purchased through Sharesies. These shares are held by New Zealand
Depository Nominee Limited on behalf of Sharesies Nominee Limited, therefore these were adjusted for Borneo Capital Limited shares.




                                                                       56
                                                             GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED

                                                  SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION




SPREAD OF FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (as at 27 May 2024)

Ordinary Shares
                                                                            Number of                           Number of
Size of Holding                                                                                       %                                        %
                                                                          Shareholders                     Ordinary Shares
1 - 1,999                                                                         485             66.5%            31,972                    0.0%
2,000 - 4,999                                                                      25               3.4%           71,282                    0.0%
5,000 - 9,999                                                                      59               8.1%          440,403                    0.1%
10,000 - 49,999                                                                    63               8.6%        1,443,444                    0.4%
50,000 - 99,999                                                                    19               2.5%        1,289,546                    0.4%
100,000 - 999,999                                                                  44               6.0%        9,627,060                    2.6%
1,000,000 - 9,999,999                                                              10               1.4%        7,106,297                    2.1%
10,000,000 and over                                                                24               3.3%      343,564,971                  94.5%
                                                                                  729              100%       363,574,975                   100%

Geographic Spread
New Zealand                                                                        620            85.0%       350,641,077                  96.4%
Malaysia                                                                            66              9.1%        8,144,593                    2.2%
Rest of World                                                                       43              5.9%        4,789,305                    1.3%
                                                                                   729             100%       363,574,975                   100%




SUBSTANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (as at 31 March 2024)

The following information is provided pursuant to section 293 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

As at 31 March 2024 the Company had the following shareholders that are registered by the company as Substantial Product Holders in the
Company, having disclosed a relevant interest in quoted voting products under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.



                                                                                                                           % of voting (ordinary)
                                                                                                           Ordinary Shares shares at balance date

Borneo Capital Limited                                                                                        127,010,424                 34.93%
API No 1 Limited Partnership                                                                                   86,956,522                 23.92%
Brent Douglas King1                                                                                            36,998,037                 10.18%
Lynn Landmark Michel & Mat Floyd Trustee Co (No 1) Limited                                                     34,782,609                  9.57%
                                                                                                              285,747,592


Total Ordinary Shares on issue as at 31 March 2024                                                             363,574,975

1
    Includes holding by Brent Douglas King personally and as a sole director and shareholder of Snowdon Peak Investments Limited.




                                                                         57
                                                               GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED

                                                     SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION



DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION AND OTHER BENEFITS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

                                                                                                            Directors Fees2 Other Remuneration
                                                                                                                   $                $
Rewi Hamid Bugo1                                                                                                      56,000            60,000
Brent Douglas King3                                                                                                   35,000           386,410
Huei Min Lim (ceased 31 May 2023)                                                                                      5,333                  -
Gregory Stephen James                                                                                                 32,000                  -
Paul William Zingel                                                                                                   32,000                  -
Megan Dominique Glen                                                                                                  32,000                  -
Simon John McArley (ceased 17 July 2023)                                                                              14,933                  -
Donald Frederick Hattaway (director of subsidiary)                                                                    54,200                  -
Robert Garry Hart (director of subsidiary) (ceased 31 October 2023)                                                   20,417                  -
Anton Steven Ian Douglas (director of subsidiary, ceased 8 Nov 2023)                                                  17,500                  -
Gregory John Pearce (director of subsidiary)5                                                                         41,400           109,158
Anita Maria Killeen                                                                                                    5,333                  -
                                                                                                                     346,116           555,568
1
    Other remuneration paid to Rewi Hamid Bugo comprises of travel allowance.
2
    The above fees are recorded exclusive of GST, if any.

3
 Other remuneration paid to Brent Douglas King comprises salaries and other benefits paid to Brent Douglas King in his capacity as Managing
Director of General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries. Brent Douglas King's other remuneration is broken down below.

                                                                                                                                          $
        Base salary                                                                                                                           310,000
        FY24 Bonus                                                                                                                             25,000
        Other benefits4                                                                                                                        51,410
                                                                                                                                              386,410



        Other Remuneration of the Managing Director:
        4
         Other benefits comprise of Kiwisaver, vehicle allowance, and a 10% commission on all consulting revenue charged by Investment Research
        Group Ltd.

The employment contract between the Company and Brent Douglas King is deemed to be a Material Transaction as defined by the NZX Listing
Rules (the Rules) and is subject to the exception under 5.2.2(e) of the Rules.

        5
            Other remuneration paid to Gregory John Pearce comprises of commission for credit control/recovery and loan administration.




                                                                            58
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED

                                                 SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION



DIRECTORS INTEREST REGISTER

DIRECTORS DEALINGS IN QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS DURING THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024

                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                           Financial
                                                                                                           Products
                                                                       Date of           Financial        Acquired /          Consideration
                                                                     Transaction         Product          (disposed)        (received) / paid $


Rewi Hamid Bugo1                                                 14 & 15 June 2023 Ordinary Shares              237,181                  19,561
Rewi Hamid Bugo1                                                 7, 13, 20 July 2023 Ordinary Shares           (237,181)                (16,802)
Gregory Stephen James                                            02 & 12 June 2023 Ordinary Shares              100,242                   7,200

Relevant Interests
1
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Rewi Hamid Bugo owning more than 20% of the voting products of Borneo Capital Limited (the registered
holder). Shares were acquired during June 2023 and disposed of in July 2023.



DIRECTORS QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDINGS AT 31 MARCH 2024
                                                                                                                              Management
                                                                                                        Ordinary Shares        Warrants
                                                                                                           Number               Number
Rewi Hamid Bugo1                                                                                            127,010,424                       -
Paul William Zingel2                                                                                         34,782,609                       -
Brent Douglas King6                                                                                          22,115,317               4,250,000
Brent Douglas King3                                                                                          14,882,720                       -
Gregory Stephen James                                                                                           440,925                       -
Megan Dominique Glen4                                                                                        86,956,522                        -
Donald Frederick Hattaway (director of subsidiary) 5                                                            892,890                        -
Gregory John Pearce (director of subsidiary)                                                                     50,000                        -
                                                                                                            287,131,407                4,250,000
Relevant Interests
1
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Rewi Hamid Bugo owning more than 20% of the voting products of Borneo Capital Limited (the registered
holder).
2
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Paul William Zingel being an associate of the trustees of Bedford Trust (the registered holders).
3
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Brent Douglas King owning more than 20% of the voting products of Snowden Peak Investments Limited
(the registered holder).
4
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Megan Dominique Glen owning more than 20% of the voting products of Minatoku Consulting Limited
holding 0.5% interest in the total partnership interest on issue of API No 1 Limited Partnership (the registered holder).
5
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Donald Frederick Hattaway being a director of Casrom Trustee Company Limited a trustee of Romana
Benevolent Trust (the registered holders).

Other Notes
6
 On 27 September 2021, Brent Douglas King in his capacity as a senior manager of General Capital Limited was issued 4,250,000 warrants that
entitle the holder of each warrant to subscribe for cash for one ordinary share in the Company at an exercise price of 9.0 cents per share at any
time prior to 30 June 2024.




                                                                       59
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED

                                               SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION



DIRECTORS INTEREST REGISTER (CONTINUED)

During the year ended 31 March 2024, pursuant to section 140 of the Companies Act 1993 the directors disclosed the following interests:

Brent Douglas King
Equity Investment Advisers Limited
Moneyonline Limited
Snowdon Peak Investments Limited

Paul William Zingel
Bedford Trust

Rewi Hamid Bugo
Borneo Capital Limited

Megan Dominique Glen
API No1 Limited Partnership                    Minatoku Consulting Limited

Donald Frederick Hattaway (director of subsidiary)
Casrom Trustee Company Limited                Romana Benevolent Trust

Anton Steven Ian Douglas (director of subsidiary) (ceased 8 November 2023)
API No 1 Limited Partnership                   Grey River Capital Advisors Limited

Robert Garry Hart (director of subsidiary) (ceased 31 October 2023)
Ellice Tanner Hart Limited

INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
In accordance with section 162 of the Companies Act 1993, the Group has provided insurance for and indemnities to, directors and employees of
the Group for losses from actions undertaken in the course of their duties. The insurance includes indemnity costs and expenses incurred to
defend an action that falls outside the scope of the indemnity.

EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION

During the year ended 31 March 2024, the number of employees or former employees of the Group not being directors of General Capital Limited
or subsidiaries, who received remuneration and other benefits in their capacity as employees, the value of which exceeded $100,000 for the year
was as follows:

                                                                                                                Number of Employees
Remuneration Range                                                                                          2024               2023
$100,000 - $109,999                                                                                           1                  -
$110,000 - $119,999                                                                                           -                  -
$120,000 - $129,999                                                                                           1                  -
$130,000 - $139,999                                                                                           1                  2
$140,000 - $149,999                                                                                           -                  -
$150,000 - $159,000                                                                                           1                  -
$160,000 - $169,999                                                                                           -                  -
$170,000 - $179,999                                                                                           -                  -
$180,000 - $189,999                                                                                           -                  -
$190,000 - $199,999                                                                                           -                  -
$200,000 - $209,999                                                                                           -                  1
$210,000 - $219,999                                                                                           -                  -
$220,000 - $229,999                                                                                           -                  -
$230,000 - $239,999                                                                                           -                  -
$240,000 - $249,999                                                                                           2                  -

DONATIONS MADE
During the year ended 31 March 2024 the Group made total donations of $6,417.




                                                                      60
                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                              CORPORATE DIRECTORY




REGISTERED OFFICE:   General Capital Limited
                     Level 8, General Capital House
                     115 Queen Street
                     Auckland 1010
                     New Zealand

                     PO Box 1314
                     Shortland Street
                     Auckland 1010
                     New Zealand

                     Email:             info@gencap.co.nz
                     Web:               www.gencap.co.nz
                     Phone:             (09) 526 5000



AUDITOR:             Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited
                     Level 4, Grant Thornton House
                     152 Fanshawe Street
                     Auckland CBD
                     Auckland 1010


SHARE REGISTER:      Computershare Investor Services Limited
                     Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Road
                     Takapuna
                     Auckland 0622


BANKERS:             Bank of New Zealand
                     ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited
                     ASB Bank Limited
                     Westpac New Zealand Limited
                     Heartland Bank Limited




                                           61
