General Capital Limited
Annual Report
For the year ended 31 March 2021




Contents


Directors’ Profiles                                           2-3

General Finance Directors and Executive                        4

Directors’ Report                                            5-10

Corporate Governance Statement                              11-21

Independent Auditors’ Report                                22-27

Consolidated Financial Statements:

         Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income       28

         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position         29

         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity          30

         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                 31

         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements     32-70

Shareholder and Statutory Information                       71-76

Corporate Directory                                           77




                                                        1
Directors’ Profiles


                              REWI HAMID BUGO B.Sc., M.Com.
                              Non-Executive Chairman
                              Rewi Hamid Bugo has been a Non-executive Director of General Capital Limited
                              since 13 June 2017 and was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors following
                              the acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited in August 2018. Mr Bugo is a
                              graduate of the University of Canterbury, Christchurch, where he obtained a
                              Bachelor of Science in Management Science and a Master of Commerce in
                              Business Administration. He has business experience in several sectors including
                              oil and gas, property development, insurance broking and travel and tourism.

Mr Bugo sits on the Board of several private companies in Malaysia and New Zealand, is a Trustee of World
Wildlife Fund Malaysia, and is Vice Chairman of the Sarawak Chapter of the Malaysia New Zealand Chamber of
Commerce.



                                BRENT DOUGLAS KING, BCom, CA, CMA
                                Managing Director

                                Brent Douglas King has been the Managing Director of General Capital Limited
                                and its subsidiaries since 3 August 2018. Prior to that date, Mr King was a non-
                                executive Director since 30 September 2011. He was also the founder and
                                Managing Director of the Dorchester Group of Companies for seventeen (17)
                                years until he resigned in 2005. He holds a number of public and private
                                directorships. He has more than twenty-five (25) years’ experience in financial,
                                investment banking, underwriting, capital raising and accounting areas and has
                                assisted a number of public and private companies.




                                HUEI MIN LIM, LLB (Hons), MNZM, CMInstD
                                Non-executive Independent Director

                                Huei Min Lim (also known as Lyn Lim) is a Non-Executive Director of General
                                Capital Limited and has been since 21 December 2011. Lyn Lim is also on the
                                boards of the Auckland Regional Amenities Funding Board and Restaurant
                                Brands New Zealand Limited. She is also a trustee of the Asia New Zealand
                                Foundation.

                                 Lyn has also served on the boards of Auckland University of Technology (AUT),
                                 the New Zealand Shareholders' Association, Public Trust, the New Zealand
China Trade Association, the Hong Kong and New Zealand Business Association, was the Chair of the New
Zealand Chinese Youth Trust and held the positions of Trustee, Deputy Chair and Chair of Foundation North. She
has been a member of ANZ Private Bank External Advisory Board and has served as a council member of the
Auckland District Law Society Inc. In 2017, Lyn was appointed as a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit
for her services to New Zealand-Asia relations and governance. Lyn is a Chartered Member of the New Zealand
Institute of Directors, a member of the New Zealand Law Society and a member and Vice Chair of the Women
in Business Committee of the Inter Pacific Bar Association.




                                                      2
Directors’ Profiles (Continued)


                               GRAEME IAIN BROWN BCom
                               Non-executive Independent Director
                               Graeme Iain Brown has been a director of General Capital Limited since 20
                               December 2017. He is a graduate of the University of Otago where he obtained a
                               Bachelor of Commerce. He has over 20 years’ experience in the Malaysian
                               plantation industry. He has been the Managing Director of Keresa Plantations
                               Sdn. Bhd. since 1997. Keresa Plantations is one of just a few RSP0 certified
                               plantations in Sarawak. Graeme also founded Keresa Mill Sdn. Bhd. in 2005, which
                               has been a pioneer in the successful implementation of advanced milling
                               technologies for FFB processing.

                             Graeme has been an Executive Director of Sarawakiana Realty Sdn. Bhd., a
property company, since 1996, and Malesiana Tropicals Sdn. Bhd., a tissue culture company, since 2000 as well
as being a Director of several private companies, including Rajang Wood Sdn. Bhd., a plantation holding
company, since 1996.




                                 SIMON JOHN McARLEY LLB(Hons)
                                 Non-executive Independent Director
                                 Simon John McArley has been a director of General Capital Limited since 20
                                 December 2017. He graduated from Victoria University, Wellington in 1984
                                 with an LLB (Hons). Simon is a lawyer by training who specialises in corporate
                                 governance and risk.

                                 Af`ter almost 20 years in private practice with Kensington Swan, specialising in
                                 banking and securities law, Simon took up regulatory positions with NZX as
                                 acting Head of Regulation and the (then) Securities Commission as acting
Director Primary Markets. Simon went on to join the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) as General Manager Capital
Markets and Corporate Fraud in 2011 where he had responsibility for the successful investigation and
prosecution of finance sector fraud uncovered by the GFC. After 12 months as acting Director of the SFO, Simon
left the SFO in late 2013 and has since been consulting with government and private sector entities on
governance and risk management issues. Simon has also held governance positions with commercial and not for
profit entities. Simon is a member of the New Zealand Law Society. Simon is also a keen sailor and has extensive
coastal and blue water experience.




                                                       3
General Finance Directors and Executive

                              DONALD FREDERICK HATTAWAY CA, ACIS
                              General Finance Limited Chairman and Independent Non-Executive Director

                              Don is a member of the Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand
                              (CAANZ) and has practised as a Chartered Accountant in public practice since
                              1980. He retired as a Partner in Price Waterhouse in 1996 and has specialised in
                              acting for small or medium sized enterprise businesses since then often fulfilling
                              the role of finance director for those companies. Don was the Chairman of listed
                              banking software technology company Finzsoft Solutions Ltd. Don is a previous
                              Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Auckland Cricket Association.

He has held a previous public company directorship with Cooks Global Foods Ltd as well as directorships with a
number of private companies.


                              ROBERT GARRY HART LLB (Hons) Waikato University (1998), PG Dip
                              Management.
                              General Finance Limited Independent Non-Executive Director

                              Rob is a director of Waikato law firm Ellice Tanner Hart, who has practised law
                              for 16 years. In this role he has wide experience acting on finance and security
                              related matters involving various tiers of lenders. He also advises clients on
                              governance and insolvency related matters. Rob was previously a director of New
                              Zealand Cricket Incorporated and is currently deputy chair of Balloons Over
                              Waikato Trust which annually stages Waikato’s largest event.

Rob is a member of the New Zealand Sports Tribunal and has held directorships with a number of private
companies.


                              GREGORY JOHN PEARCE B.Com.
                              General Finance Limited Independent Non-Executive Director
                              Greg is a lending and credit specialist having held roles with large companies
                              (Telecom and Air New Zealand) and a senior role with Dorchester Finance Limited
                              being General Manager Lending and Credit from 1997 to 2008. Since that time,
                              he has consulted and contracted to receivers in relation to loan recoveries.




                              JONATHAN CLARK BCom, CA
                              General Capital Limited Chief Financial Officer
                              Jonathan is a Chartered Accountant and has been a member of the Chartered
                              Accountants Australia and New Zealand (CAANZ) since 2013. He has over 10 years
                              post-university working experience, including several years working on statutory
                              external audit engagements for a chartered accounting firm and other accounting
                              and finance roles for listed and unlisted companies.




                                                      4
Directors’ Report
The uncertainties and headwinds of the Covid-19 pandemic have resulted in an unprecedented year for the
Group, for New Zealand and worldwide. We are pleased that the Group was able to continue on its strong growth
path whilst prioritising the wellbeing of its employees and other stakeholders during one of the most difficult
social and economic times in recent history.


1.0 The Year

The lockdowns in New Zealand disrupted the flow of normal business and in particular required a significant
review of risk settings. We went into the 2020 calendar year with strong prospects but quickly pared back our
bullish approach in March 2020 due to the uncertainties surrounding the pandemic.

There was uncertainty locally and worldwide as to how bad the outcome would be and how quickly any recovery
would be. As our major subsidiary, General Finance, raises funds from the public, our focus was to reduce risk
as much as possible.

The Directors and Management reduced the risk profile of the Group in 5 ways:

    •    We significantly increased the cash reserves that we held. This reduced the Group’s income (deposits
         at banks produce significantly lower returns than lending).
    •    We ensured all staff and management worked from home and that they were safe and able to
         undertake their duties without undue stress.
    •    We took steps to ensure that our deposit investors who were in legitimate financial stress were able to
         access their deposits without placing undue risk on the Group.
    •    We reduced the risk profile of our lending book.
    •    We reduced costs where possible.

The original plan for the Group, when it was listed (via the reverse listing) in 2018, was to raise sufficient capital
over time to grow the business. All shareholders were issued 7.75 cent warrants (GENWA) with an expiry date
of 31 March 2020 and 9.00 cent warrants (GENWB) with an expiry date of 30 November 2021. We had expected
that following good growth and management (proof of concept), shareholders would exercise their warrants
and the Group would receive an equity injection of between $5m and $10m by 31 March 2020. The
developments with the pandemic created challenges for the achievement of this capital inflow, and we needed
to progress with existing capital.

The plan to significantly grow in size and profitability was dependent partly on this capital raise. With the
challenges of the pandemic and the smaller capital base, we had to work with our existing resource and to
protect the Group from the potential outcomes. The New Zealand population was lucky that the restrictions
were relatively strict and that the border was well protected. This meant that whilst we suffered disruption,
there were no widescale outbreaks or significant damage to the local economy.

Alongside the pandemic were the responses by the Government and RBNZ, namely the large Covid-19 subsidies,
the significant drop in the OCR and the wider economic stimulus packages. It was hard to predict how effective
the stimulus would be and for how long. Accordingly, the Group took a cautious approach to liquidity
management and instead of growing its lending book, it held significant cash reserves at high funding costs while
market interest rates were declining. Our deposit investor terms are generally longer than our borrower terms,
which means we are safer from a liquidity perspective, but have a disadvantage if interest rates drop quickly.

Throughout the 2020 year, the Group was being told by regulators of the likelihood of negative interest rates
and instructing us to ensure that our systems were ready to deal with it. Fortunately, New Zealand has not
experienced a negative interest rate environment to date. During the early stages of the pandemic, General
Finance was in regular with its trustee and the RBNZ to talk through observations and strategies.




                                                          5
Directors’ Report (Continued)
During the 2021 financial year, the Group invested in bonds to diversify into longer term fixed interest assets as
a response to the falling interest rate environment and to increase the yield on the excess liquidity that was
being held. The Group had a reasonable return from its investment in Wellington Airport bonds but the value of
its investment in Auckland Council bonds decreased significantly due to the expected deficit of the Council
combined with the movement in the longer-term bond yields. We sold out of the bonds when the opportunity
presented itself and suffered a loss of $190,085. Economic commentators generally did not anticipate speed of
the economic recovery including the increase in long term inflation expectations, the resulting increase in long
term yields and the increases in the asset prices including property prices that have occurred over the past year.

Figure 1 below illustrates when General Finance's cash holding reached its maximum point of $24.2m at the end
of July 2020, representing approximately 50% of its total assets at that time. Since October 2020 General
Finance’s loan book has grown significantly which was funded by reducing excess cash holdings, liquidating bond
investments and further depositor funding growth. Towards the end of the March 2021 financial year, the
Group’s balance sheet was optimised for greater profitability whilst maintaining its conservative approaches
with respect to credit risk and liquidity risk.




                                                        6
Directors’ Report (Continued)

2.0 Result to 31 March 2021 for the General Capital Group

The results for this financial year show the results of building the business.

Key points for the 31 March 2021 Group financial statements are:

    •    Total Assets                 Up       33% to $68.2m
    •    Revenue                      Up       34% to $4.9m
    •    Loan Receivables             Up       54% to $53.7m
    •    Term Deposits                Up       40% to $57.9m
    •    Net Profit after tax         Down     37% to $82k

The key factor as described above was that during the Covid-19 lockdown the group held approximately 50%
of its assets in cash and this increased security but decreased profitability.

The below graph (figure 2) illustrates the strong growth of the Group since the reverse listing transaction in
2018. It is clear that the growth has been achieved without a significant increase in capital.




                                     Figure 2: Balance Sheet Growth
70,000                                                                                                       68,164


                                                                        58,639
60,000
                                                                                                      51,164
50,000
                                                                 41,782
40,000


30,000
                                                                                                 23,908
20,000                                                      15,155

                       8,753 9,382 9,525
10,000
                 954                                  127                                1,081
     -
                     Equity ($000)                    Total Liabilities ($000)               Total Assets ($000)
         Mykco - 31 March 2018        GCL - 31 March 2019         GCL - 31 March 2020       GCL - 31 March 2021



31 March 2019, 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021 figures are extracted from audited financial statements of General Capital
Limited (GCL). 31 March 2018 figures are extracted from the 31 March 2018 audited financial statements of Mykco Limited,
the listed shell company prior to the reverse listing transaction that occurred during the March 2019 financial year.




                                                            7
Directors’ Report (Continued)

3.0 Accounts

The Auditors have completed their audit work and they are satisfied on all aspects bar one. The exception is the
carrying value of the goodwill and licences allocated to our research and advisory cash generating unit (the
business of Group subsidiary, Investment Research Group Limited, “IRG”). The Auditors have concluded they
have insufficient audit evidence to support the assumptions we have made in relation to our impairment
assessment and are thus unable to determine if any adjustment to our figures is necessary. This is consistent
with the conclusion the auditors came to in the prior financial year ended 31 March 2020. The IRG business
contributed $191,879 net profit after tax to the group during the year. IRG is currently working on a mandate to
prepare a listing application which it currently expects to be completed by 30 September 2021.


4.0 General Finance Limited

General Finance is the largest operating subsidiary of the Group and has the benefit of most of the Group’s
capital and resources. As described in detail above, General Finance faced headwinds due to Covid-19 pandemic
and the associated uncertainties. Despite this, the balance sheet has continued on the strong growth trajectory
it has been on for the last three years.



                Figure 2: Growth in General Finance Limited (Subsidiary)
      70.0
                                                                                                                            64.5
      65.0                                                                                                           61.0
      60.0                                                                                                                     58.5
                                                                                                                       55.2
      55.0                                                                                                  51.4
      50.0                                                                                47.7     47.1
                                                                                                              45.4
      45.0                                                                                  41.8      41.2
                                                                                40.2
      40.0
                                                                                    34.5
      35.0                                                              31.4
      30.0                                                                   25.8
                                                               25.2
      25.0
                                                        20.2          20.1
      20.0                                     17.2
                                                         15.1
                          13.5 12.7 14.5
      15.0     12.9 13.2                    12.2
                     10.2  10.1 9.3    11.1
                9.6
      10.0                                                                                   5.8      5.9      6.0             6.1
                                                  5.0     5.1     5.2        5.5    5.7                                 5.8
       5.0      3.3   3.0   3.4   3.4    3.4
        -




                              Total Assets ($m)         Total Liabilities ($m)             Equity ($m)




                                                           8
Directors’ Report (Continued)
5.0 Investment Research Group (IRG)

IRG had a good financial year with significant advisory fees being earned in relation to loan structuring for its
clients and the business is now in the final stages of a listing application mandate. This was an excellent effort
considering the unsettled year. IRG made a return on investment of 17.4%1 in the financial year (and contributed
to the overheads of the Group. The group expects further advisory activity later in the year.

1Return on investment of 17.4% is calculated by dividing $191,879 (2021 net profit after tax) by $1,100,000 (the amount the

Group paid for the subsidiary in December 2017).

6.0 Governance, Administration and Compliance.

Whilst the economic and social events have been occurring, the General Capital group has had a significant
increase in compliance obligations and costs. The increase in workload demands time, planning and costs. It is
logical that regulators require more reports, systems, procedures, and compliance. We accept that. It is always
difficult to add this on top of issues such as the pandemic. We are committed to managing the market no matter
what develops, to meet all current and new regulatory obligations and to maintain excellent relationships with
the regulators.


7.0 The future

The Group has continued to grow in the 2022 financial year to date. We expect to propose additional capital
raising to shareholders at the annual meeting to foster this growth. As of 25 June 2021, the total assets of the
Group are greater than $74m and we are focused on continuing on this growth path.

It is hard to believe that the Covid-19 event is over. We have all been surprised by the speed of the spread of
infection around the world and the impact on peoples’ lives has been devastating. The events have highlighted
how intertwined the world has become. Movements across borders is now so easy that both Covid-19 and
variations of this disease will be a feature of business for a considerable period to come. We will continue to
take steps to protect the businesses whilst also focusing on growth.

The use of the internet is now the dominant factor in the world. It is good, bad, and out of control.

Our world will have its challenges. It is our job to overcome them. We simply must outperform our competitors
so that we can give our investors superior returns. People will always need to eat, sleep, and use money. We are
well placed to help with the money and the housing components.

Our staff, management and directors are focused on utilising the skills we have developed to generate better
returns for our shareholders and to continue providing good investment returns to our deposit holders whilst
managing risks effectively.

We are pleased with the way the Group has worked through last year’s challenges. We could have been more
aggressive, but we did not know when it would end. We are now well positioned to continue to grow into a very
profitable business.




                                                            9
Directors’ Report (Continued)

8.0 Thanks

The Board wishes to thank the management, staff, contractors and subsidiary directors of the Group for the
excellent efforts and performance during a particularly challenging year. We know that the Group’s result would
have been far better without the Covid-19 impact.

We also understand that shareholders have had to wait for a return on their investment. We thank you for your
patient support and we are working hard to reward you. We look forward to seeing shareholders at the General
Meeting this year.




        Rewi Hamid Bugo                                           Brent Douglas King
        Chairman                                                  Managing Director




                                                      10
Corporate Governance Statement
The Board of Directors (“Board”) and management of General Capital Limited (“the Company”) are committed
to ensuring that the Company adheres to best practice governance principles and maintains the highest ethical
standards. The Board regularly reviews and assesses the Company’s governance structures to ensure that they
are consistent, both in form and in substance, with best practice.

Key governance documents that have been adopted by the Company are published on the Company’s website
at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

The Board framework and governance practices for the year ended 31 March 2021 were compliant with the
requirements of the NZX rules.

The NZX Corporate Governance Code can be found on the NZX Website at: www.nzx.com/regulation/nzx-rules-
guidance/corporate-governance-code.

The Governance Code contains eight (8) principles and various recommendations for each principle. The Board
has reported on the Company’s compliance with each of the recommendations which are included below.



Principal 1 – Code of Ethical Behaviour
"Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this behaviour and hold management
accountable for these standards being followed throughout the organisation."

RECOMMENDATION 1.1
The board should document minimum standards of ethical behaviour to which the issuer’s directors and
employees are expected to adhere (a code of ethics).

The code of ethics and where to find it should be communicated to the issuer’s employees. Training should
be provided regularly. The standards may be contained in a single policy document or more than one policy.

The code of ethics should outline internal reporting procedures for any breach of ethics, and describe the
issuer’s expectations about behaviour, namely that every director and employee:
(a) acts honestly and with personal integrity in all actions;
(b) declares conflicts of interest and proactively advises of any potential conflicts;
(c) undertakes proper receipt and use of corporate information, assets and property;
(d) in the case of directors, gives proper attention to the matters before them;
(e) acts honestly and in the best interests of the issuer, shareholders and stakeholders and as required by law;
(f) adheres to any procedures around giving and receiving gifts (for example, where gifts are given that are of
value in order to influence employees and directors, such gifts should not be accepted);
(g) adheres to any procedures about whistle blowing (for example, where actions of a whistle blower have
complied with the issuer’s procedures, an issuer should protect and support them, whether or not action is
taken); and
(h) manages breaches of the code

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
The Board has a strong belief that ethical behaviour is paramount to good corporate governance and underpins
the reputation of the Company. As such, the ethical principles that were applied by the Board (and required of
Management and employees) were in line with the recommendations above.

The Group’s code of ethics complies with the recommendation in full. Employees are required to read the code
of ethics, and periodic training is provided. The code of ethics has been published on the Company’s website at
www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.




                                                      11
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
RECOMMENDATION 1.2
An issuer should have a financial product dealing policy which extends to employees and directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
The Board had a financial products trading policy in place for employees and directors during the financial year.
This policy requires prior approval of all transactions in General Capital Limited quoted securities and other
restricted securities, specifies blackout periods for trading and defines prohibited trading.

The financial products trading policy is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document
which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.



PRINCIPLE 2 – Board Composition & Performance
“To ensure an effective board, there should be a balance of independence, skills, knowledge, experience and
perspectives.”

Board Composition
Board members who have a wide range of business, technical and financial background lead the Company. The
Board is responsible and accountable to shareholders and other stakeholders for the Company’s performance
and its compliance with applicable laws and standards.

The Board of Directors currently comprises five (5) directors, four (4) of which are Non-executive Directors (Rewi
Hamid Bugo (Chairman), Huei Min Lim, Graeme Iain Brown and Simon John McArley) and one (1) Executive
Director (Brent Douglas King).

Huei Min Lim, Graeme Iain Brown and Simon John McArley are independent directors of the Company.

By virtue of being a significant product holder, Rewi Hamid Bugo has not been identified as an independent
director of the Company.

Refer to the Directors’ Profiles section of this Annual Report for further details.

Board Meetings

The Company’s Board meetings are conducted in accordance with proper process. This enables the Board to
peruse any board papers and review any issues to be deliberated at the Board meeting to enable Directors to
make informed decisions.

A total of 5 (five) Board Meetings were held during the financial year under review. Board attendance has been
recorded as follows:
     Board Members                                           Board                        Audit Committee
    Rewi Hamid Bugo (Chairman)                                  5                                 5
    Brent Douglas King                                          5                                N/A
    Huei Min Lim                                                5                                 5
    Graeme Iain Brown                                           5                                 5
    Simon John McArley                                          5                                 5

The Board also met whenever necessary to deal with specific matters needing attention between scheduled
meetings.




                                                         12
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

The gender balance of the Group’s Directors and officers was as follows:

               as at 31 March 2021         as at 31 March 2020
                Directors    Officers*     Directors        Officers*
  Female            1             0            1                0
  Male              4             1            4                1
  Total             5             1            5                1
*Officers excludes any directors of the Company.

RECOMMENDATION 2.1
The board of an issuer should operate under a written charter which sets out the roles and responsibilities of
the board. The board charter should clearly distinguish and disclose the respective roles and responsibilities
of the board and management.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:

The Board adopted an updated Board Charter during the year which sets out the roles and responsibilities of the
Board and Management and complies with the recommendation in full.

The Board Charter has been published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

RECOMMENDATION 2.2
Every issuer should have a procedure for the nomination and appointment of directors to the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:

There were no new directors appointed during the year. The Board follows the requirements of the NZX Rules
as well as the commentary in the NZX Corporate Governance Code when selecting new directors.

The Company’s procedure for nomination and appointment of directors is included in the Company’s Board
Policies and Procedures document which is published on the Company’s website at
www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

RECOMMENDATION 2.3
An issuer should enter into written agreements with each newly appointed director establishing the terms of
their appointment.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:

There were no new directors appointed during the year. The Company intends to comply with this requirement
for future newly appointed directors.

The Company’s procedure for nomination and appointment of directors which sets out the form of agreement
to be used is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document which is published on the
Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.




                                                       13
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

RECOMMENDATION 2.4
Every issuer should disclose information about each director in its annual report or on its website, including a
profile of experience, length of service, independence and ownership interests and director attendance at
board meetings.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
All of the information detailed in the recommendation is included in the Annual Report and can be found in the
Directors Profiles, Corporate Governance Statement and Shareholder and Statutory Information sections.

RECOMMENDATION 2.5
An issuer should have a written diversity policy which includes requirements for the board or a relevant
committee of the board to set measurable objectives for achieving diversity (which, at a minimum, should
address gender diversity) and to assess annually both the objectives and the entity’s progress in achieving
them. The issuer should disclose the policy or a summary of it.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
The Board recognises the wide-ranging benefits that diversity brings to an organisation.

The gender composition of the Company’s directors and officers is included above.

The Company’s diversity policy is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document which is
published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

RECOMMENDATION 2.6
Directors should undertake appropriate training to remain current on how to best perform their duties as
directors of an issuer.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
The Company’s Board understand their obligations as Directors of a publicly listed Company and undertake
training when necessary to remain current on how to best perform their duties.

RECOMMENDATION 2.7
The board should have a procedure to regularly assess director, board and committee performance.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Director and Board performance is considered crucial to the success of the Company and its subsidiaries. The
Board regularly reviews its performance and the performance of its members. This includes an assessment of
whether the composition of the board is adequate and whether any training is needed for Directors.

The Company’s procedure for nomination and appointment of directors is included in the Company’s Board
Policies and Procedures document which is published on the Company’s website at
www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.




                                                      14
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
RECOMMENDATION 2.8
A majority of the board should be independent directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
As detailed in the Board Composition section above, 3 of the 5 Directors have been identified as Independent
Directors of the Company. Of the 2 remaining directors, 1 is a Non-executive Director.

The Board consider that the current composition of the Board during the year was satisfactory to make decisions
in the best interests of the Entity and its shareholders. In addition to this, non-executive directors periodically
confer without executive directors or other senior executives present. Any directors who are conflicted on
certain matters are unable to participate in the decisions made in relation to those matters.

RECOMMENDATION 2.9
An issuer should have an independent chair of the board. If the chair is not independent, the chair and CEO
should be different people.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Rewi Hamid Bugo is the Chair of the Company and Brent Douglas King is the Managing Director (CEO). By virtue
of being a significant product holder, Mr Bugo is not an independent director of the Company.



Principle 3 – Board Committees
“The board should use committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while still retaining
board responsibility.”

Recommendation 3.1
An issuer’s audit committee should operate under a written charter. Membership on the audit committee
should be majority independent and comprise solely of non-executive directors of the issuer. The chair of the
audit committee should be an independent director and not the chair of the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
General Capital Limited has an Audiit Committee which comprises the following non-executive directors:

Simon John McArley (Chair of Audit Committee, Independent Director)
Huei Min Lim       (Independent Director)
Graeme Iain Brown (Independent Director)
Rewi Hamid Bugo    (Non-executive Director)

The audit committee responsibilities include the following:
    1. Ensuring that processes are in place and monitoring those processes so that the board is properly and
        regularly informed and updated on corporate financial matters;
    2. Recommending the appointment and removal of the independent auditor;
    3. Meeting regularly to monitor and review the independent and internal auditing practices;
    4. Having direct communication with and unrestricted access to the independent auditor and any internal
        auditors or accountants;
    5. Reviewing the financial reports and advising all Directors whether they comply with the appropriate
        laws and regulations; and
    6. Ensuring that the Key Audit Partner is changed at least every 5 years.

The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee now comprises a majority of independent directors and no executive
directors. Simon John McArley has a financial background in accordance with the requirements of NZX Listing
Rule 2.13.1.




                                                        15
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
The Company’s Audit Committee Charter has been published on the Company’s website at
www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 3.2
Employees should only attend audit committee meetings at the invitation of the audit committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Non-committee members including employees only attend audit committee meetings at the invitation of the
audit committee.

Recommendation 3.3
An issuer should have a remuneration committee which operates under a written charter (unless this is carried
out by the whole board). At least a majority of the remuneration committee should be independent directors.
Management should only attend remuneration committee meetings at the invitation of the remuneration
committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Remuneration committee responsibilities were dealt with by the full Board during the year ended 31 March
2021. Employees only attended meetings at the invitation of the Board.


The responsibilities included recommending remuneration packages for directors for consideration by
shareholders and to approve Managing Director and senior management remuneration. Any directors who
were conflicted on certain matters were unable to participate in the decisions made in relation to those
matters.

The Company’s remuneration policy is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document
which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 3.4
An issuer should establish a nomination committee to recommend director appointments to the board (unless
this is carried out by the whole board), which should operate under a written charter. At least a majority of
the nomination committee should be independent directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Nomination committee responsibilities were dealt with by the full Board during the year ended 31 March 2021.

The Company’s procedure for nomination and appointment of directors is included in the Company’s Board
Policies and Procedures document which is published on the Company’s website at
www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 3.5
An issuer should consider whether it is appropriate to have any other board committees as standing board
committees. All committees should operate under written charters. An issuer should identify the members of
each of its committees, and periodically report member attendance.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
The Board has not considered it necessary to have any other board committees during the year.




                                                     16
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

Recommendation 3.6
The board should establish appropriate protocols that set out the procedure to be followed if there is a
takeover offer for the issuer including any communication between insiders and the bidder. It should disclose
the scope of independent advisory reports to shareholders. These protocols should include the option of
establishing an independent takeover committee, and the likely composition and implementation of an
independent takeover committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
In the event of a takeover bid, the Board would determine the appropriate actions to take including the scope
of independent advisory reports to shareholders, and whether an independent takeover committee should be
established in accordance with the takeover response procedure.

The Company’s takeover response procedure is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures
document which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.



PRINCIPLE 4 – Reporting & Disclosure
“The board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness and balance
of corporate disclosures.”

Recommendation 4.1
An issuer’s board should have a written continuous disclosure policy.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
The Company’s Board is committed to keeping investors and the market informed of all material information
about the Company and its performance in line with the NZX listing rules and has done so throughout the period.

The Company’s continuous disclosure policy is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures
document which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 4.2
An issuer should make its code of ethics, board and committee charters and the policies recommended in the
NZX Code, together with any other key governance documents, available on its website.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Key governance documents that have been adopted by the Company are published on the Company’s website
at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 4.3
Financial reporting should be balanced, clear and objective. An issuer should provide non-financial disclosure
at least annually, including considering material exposure to environmental, economic and social
sustainability factors and practices. It should how operational or non-financial targets are measured. Non-
financial reporting should be informative, include forward looking assessments, and align with key strategies
and metrics monitored by the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:

Financial Reporting
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial
position of the Group and have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies, consistently applied and
supported by reasonable judgements and estimates and for ensuring all relevant financial reporting and
accounting standards have been followed.




                                                      17
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

For the financial year ended 31 March 2021, the Directors believe that proper accounting records have been
kept which enable, with reasonable accuracy, the determination of the financial position of the Company and
the Group and facilitate compliance of the financial statements with the Financial Reporting Act 1993.

The Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer have confirmed in writing to the Board that the Company’s
financial reports present a true and fair view in all material aspects.

Non-financial reporting
Due to its current size, the Company is in the early stages of considering how and to what extent it should report
on non-financial information such as environmental, social and governance matters (ESG). The Company does
not currently have a formal ESG reporting framework, however this is being considered by the Board with the
intention that the Company will report on these non-financial matters in the future.



PRINCIPLE 5 – Remuneration
“The remuneration of directors and executives should be transparent, fair and reasonable.”

Recommendation 5.1
An issuer should recommend director remuneration packages to shareholders for approval in a transparent
manner. Actual director remuneration should be clearly disclosed in the issuer’s annual report.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Shareholders approved a total Directors’ remuneration fee pool of $300,000 per annum in the Special Meeting
of shareholders on 31 July 2018. Director remuneration is disclosed in the Shareholder and Statutory Information
section of the Annual Report.

Recommendation 5.2
An issuer should have a remuneration policy for remuneration of directors and officers, which outlines the
relative weightings of remuneration components and relevant performance criteria.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Remuneration of directors has been determined in line with the process noted under recommendation 3.3
above and with the Company’s remuneration policy.

The Company’s remuneration policy is included in the Company’s Board Policies and Procedures document
which is published on the Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 5.3
An issuer should disclose the remuneration arrangements in place for the CEO in its annual report. This should
include disclosure of the base salary, short term incentives and long-term incentives and the performance
criteria used to determine performance-based payments.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Information in relation to the remuneration arrangements in place for Brent King (Managing Director) is included
in the Shareholder and Statutory Information section of the Annual Report.




                                                       18
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

PRINCIPLE 6 – Risk Management
“Directors should have a sound understanding of the material risks faced by the issuer and how to manage
them. The Board should regularly verify that the issuer has appropriate processes that identify and manage
potential and material risks.”

Recommendation 6.1
An issuer should have a risk management framework for its business and the issuer’s board should receive
and review regular reports. An issuer should report the material risks facing the business and how these are
being managed.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
The Company and its subsidiaries are committed to proactively managing risk and this has been the responsibility
of the entire Board with the assistance of the audit committee during the period. The Board delegates day to
day management of risks to the Managing Director. The executive team and senior management are required
to regularly identify the major risks affecting the business and develop structures, practices and processes to
manage and monitor these risks.

The Board is satisfied that the Group has in place a risk management process to effectively identify, manage and
monitor the Group’s principal risks. The Group maintains insurance policies that it considers adequate to meet
its insurable risks.

The Company’s Risk Management and Compliance framework is currently being reviewed and updated.

Recommendation 6.2
An issuer should disclose how it manages its health and safety risks and should report on its health and safety
risks, performance and management.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
The Group operates with a small number of employees in a relatively low health and safety risk office
environment. Despite this, the Board recognises that effective management of health and safety is essential for
the operation of a successful business, and endeavours to prevent harm and promote wellbeing for employees,
contractors and customers.

The Board is responsible for ensuring that the systems used to identify and manage health and safety risks are
fit for purpose, being effectively implemented, regularly reviewed and continuously improved. The Group has a
Health and Safety Policy in place. All new incidents, near misses, or hazards identified are reported to the Board.



PRINCIPLE 7 – Auditors
“The board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit process.”

Recommendation 7.1
The board should establish a framework for the issuer’s relationship with its external auditors. This should
include procedures:
(a) for sustaining communication with the issuer’s external auditors;
(b) to ensure that the ability of the external auditors to carry out their statutory audit role is not impaired or
could be reasonably be perceived to be impaired;
(c) to address what, if any, services (whether by type or level) other than their statutory audit roles may be
provided by the auditors to the issuer; and
(d) to provide for the monitoring and approval by the issuer’s audit committee of any service provided by the
external auditors to the issuer other than in their statutory audit role.




                                                        19
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
In accordance with the Company’s Board Charter and Audit Committee Charter, the Board in conjunction with
the Audit Committee were responsible for oversight of and communication with the external auditor and
reviewed the quality and cost of the audit undertaken by the Company’s external auditor. The Board in
conjunction with the Audit Committee also assesses the auditor’s independence on an annual basis.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2021, Baker Tilly Staples Rodway was the external auditor for the
Company. Baker Tilly Staples Rodway were automatically re-appointed under the Companies Act 1993 at the
Company’s 2019 annual meeting. The statutory audit services are fully separated from non-audit services to
ensure that appropriate independence is maintained. The amount of fees paid to Baker Tilly Staples Rodway for
audit and other services is identified in note 7.2 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Baker Tilly Staples Rodway has provided the Board with written confirmation that, in their view, they were able
to operate independently during the year.

Recommendation 7.2
The external auditor should attend the issuer’s Annual Meeting to answer questions from shareholders in
relation to the audit.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Baker Tilly Staples Rodway is invited to attend the annual meeting, and the lead audit partner is available to
answer questions from shareholders at that meeting. Baker Tilly Staples Rodway attended the 2020 annual
meeting.

Recommendation 7.3
Internal audit functions should be disclosed.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
The Company and its subsidiaries have internal controls in place including monitoring and checking that internal
controls are operating effectively. The Company did not have a dedicated internal auditor role during the period.



Principle 8 – Shareholder Rights & Relations
“The board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster constructive relationships with shareholders
that encourage them to engage with the issuer.”

Recommendation 8.1
An issuer should have a website where investors and interested shareholders can access financial and
operational information and key corporate governance information about the issuer.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Financial statements, NZX announcements and Directors’ profiles are included on the website at
www.gencap.co.nz . Key governance documents that have been adopted by the Company are published on the
Company’s website at www.gencap.co.nz/corporate-governance.

Recommendation 8.2
An issuer should allow investors the ability to easily communicate with the issuer, including providing the
option to receive communications from the issuer electronically.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
All shareholders are given the option to elect to receive electronic communications from the Company.




                                                       20
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

Recommendation 8.3
Quoted equity security holders should have the right to vote on major decisions which may change the nature
of the company in which they are invested in.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
Shareholders have been given the right to vote on all major decisions in line with the NZX Rules during the year
ended 31 March 2021.

Recommendation 8.4
If seeking additional equity capital, issuers of quoted equity securities should offer further equity security
holders of the same class on a pro rata basis and on no less favourable terms, before further equity securities
are offered to other investors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company:
    a. Issued ordinary shares for GENWA warrants that were exercised by Shareholders in accordance with
         the terms of the warrants.
    b. Issued 1,216,136 ordinary shares at 6.25 cents per share for proceeds totalling $76,009 on 31 March
         2021 under a placement to a wholesale investor. The placement was done to expand the Company’s
         working capital and the directors of the Company determined that the limited scale of the capital raising
         did not justify the cost of a wider offer to all shareholders at that time.

No other capital raising activities were undertaken during the year.

The directors of the Company expect to propose additional capital raising in the coming year to support the
capital requirements of General Finance Limited and to expand the working capital of the Company. The
proposal is expected to be included with the notice of the 2021 annual shareholders meeting. The directors of
the Company currently consider that the likely outcome of and the cost of extending this offer to all shareholders
is unlikely to be in the best interest of the Company or its shareholders.

Recommendation 8.5
The board should ensure that the notices of annual or special meetings of quoted equity security holders is
posted on the issuer’s website as soon as possible and at least 20 working days prior to the meeting.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2021:
The Board encourages shareholder participation in meetings and understands that shareholders need sufficient
time to consider information prior to meetings. The notice of the 2020 annual meeting was posted on the
Company’s website more than 20 working days prior to the meeting.




                                                       21
Level 9, 45 Queen Street, Auckland 1010           T: +64 9 309 0463
PO Box 3899, Auckland 1140                        F: +64 9 309 4544
New Zealand                                       E: auckland@bakertillysr.nz
                                                  W: www.bakertillysr.nz




           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
           To the Shareholders of General Capital Limited
           Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements


           Qualified Opinion
           We have audited the consolidated financial statements of General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries ('the
           Group') on pages 28 to 70, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March
           2021, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
           and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
           statements, including significant accounting policies.

           In our opinion, except for the effects of the matter described in the Basis for Qualified Opinion section of our
           report, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
           consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2021, and its consolidated financial performance
           and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to
           International Financial Reporting Standards ('NZ IFRS') and International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS').

           Our report is made solely to the Shareholders of the Group. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we
           might state to the Shareholders of the Group those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s
           report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
           responsibility to anyone other than the Shareholders of the Group as a body, for our audit work, for our report
           or for the opinions we have formed.


           Basis for Qualified Opinion
           The Group’s goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets allocated to its research and advisory cash-
           generating unit (‘the research and advisory CGU’), as disclosed in Note 14 of these consolidated financial
           statements, is carried at $1.06m (2020: $1.06m) on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position
           as at 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021. We were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to
           support critical assumptions and estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of the goodwill and
           other indefinite life intangible assets allocated to the research and advisory CGU, specifically the achievability
           of forecast future revenue growth, the associated cash flows and the discount rate applied. Consequently, we
           were unable to determine whether any adjustments to these amounts were necessary.

           We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) ('ISAs (NZ)').
           Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
           the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
           with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised) International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners
           (including International Independence Standards) (New Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and
           Assurance Standards Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for

                                                                    22
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (‘IESBA Code’), and we have fulfilled
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the IESBA Code. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our qualified opinion.

Other than in our capacity as auditor, our firm carries out other assignments for General Capital Limited and its
subsidiaries in the area of taxation compliance services. The provision of these other services has not impaired
our independence.


Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the Basis for Qualified
Opinion section, we have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be
communicated in our report.


 Key audit matter                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Valuation of loan receivables         Our audit procedures among others included:

 As disclosed in Note 11 of the        •   Understanding and evaluating the Group’s internal controls relevant to the
 Group’s financial statements, the         accounting estimates used to determine the recoverable value of the
 Group has loan receivable assets          Group’s finance receivables;
 of $54.5m consisting of short and
 long-term loans secured by            •   Evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of the key controls over
 residential (including apartments)        loan receivable origination, ongoing administration and impairment model
 and commercial property. Loan             data and calculations;
 receivable assets were significant    •   Selecting a representative sample of loan receivables and agreeing these
 to our audit due to the size of the       loan receivables to the loan agreement, client acceptance documents,
 assets and the subjectivity,              mortgage documents, and valuations performed on acceptance;
 complexity and uncertainty
 inherent in the timing of the         •   Challenging and evaluating Management’s logic, key assumptions, and
 recognition of impairment in              calculation of its expected credit losses models against the requirements
 respect of loan receivables and the       specified in NZ IFRS 9 for recognising expected credit losses on financial
 amount of that impairment.                assets;

 Management has prepared               •   For individually assessed loan receivables, examining those finance
 impairment models to complete its         receivables and forming our own judgements as to whether the expected
 assessment of impairment for the          credit losses provision recognised by Management was appropriate
 Group’s loan receivables as at 31         (including the consideration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
 March 2021.                               expected credit losses provision);

 This assessment involves complex      •   Testing the key inputs and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations of
 and subjective estimation and             the loan to value ratio analysis used to individually assess the recoverability
 judgement by Management on                of loan receivables. We have specifically challenged the valuation of the
 credit risk and the future cash           underlying security and performed sensitivity analyses for reasonably
 flows of the loan receivables.            possible changes to the key inputs (including the consideration of the
                                           impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the valuation of the underlying
                                           security);
                                       •   For the 12 months expected credit loss provision, challenging and
                                           evaluating the logic within Management’s model and key assumptions used
                                           with our own experience (including the consideration of the impact of the
                                           COVID-19 pandemic on key assumptions used). Also, testing key inputs
                                           used in the collective impairment models and the mathematical accuracy of
                                           the calculations within the model;




                                                          23
Key audit matter                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                       •   Evaluating the changes made to the expected credit losses impairment
                                           model to capture the effect of the changing economic environment at 31
                                           March 2021 compared to the economic environment at the date when the
                                           historical data used to determine the expected credit losses was collected;
                                       •   Evaluating the selection of valuation methods, inputs and assumptions with
                                           a view to identifying Management bias; and
                                       •   Evaluating the related disclosures (including the accounting policies and
                                           accounting estimates) about loan receivable assets, and the risks attached
                                           to them which are included in the Group’s consolidated financial
                                           statements.


Impairment assessment of               Our audit procedures among others included:
goodwill and other indefinite life
                                       •   Understanding and evaluating the Group’s internal controls relevant to the
intangible assets
                                           accounting estimates used to determine the recoverable value of the
As disclosed in Note 14 of the             Group’s CGUs;
Group’s consolidated financial         •   Evaluating Management’s determination of the Group’s CGUs based on our
statements, the Group has                  understanding of the nature of the Group’s business and the economic
goodwill of $2.35m and indefinite          environment in which the segments operate. We also analysed the internal
life intangible assets of $0.3m,           reporting of the Group to assess how the CGUs are monitored and reported;
allocated across the two cash-
generated units (‘CGU’s’). Goodwill    •   Challenging Management’s assumptions and estimates used to determine
and other indefinite intangible            the recoverable value of its indefinite life intangible assets, including those
assets were significant to our audit       relating to forecasted revenue, cost, capital expenditure and discount rates,
due to the size of the assets and          by adjusting for future events and corroborating the key market related
the subjectivity, complexity and           assumptions to external data (including the consideration of the impact of
uncertainty inherent in the                the COVID-19 pandemic).
measurement of the recoverable
amount of these CGU’s for the              Procedures included:
purpose of the required annual              o    Evaluating the logic of the value-in-use calculations supporting
impairment test. The                             Management’s annual impairment test and testing the mathematical
measurement of a CGU’s                           accuracy of these calculations;
recoverable amount includes the
assessment and calculation of its           o    Evaluating Management’s process regarding the preparation and
‘value-in-use’.                                  review of forecast financial statements (balance sheet, income
                                                 statement, and cash flow statement);
Management has completed the
annual impairment test for each of          o    Comparing forecasts to Board approved forecasts;
the two CGU’s as at 31 March                o    Evaluating the historical accuracy of the Group’s forecasting to actual
2021.                                            historical performance;
This annual impairment test                 o    Evaluating the inputs to the calculation of the discount rates applied;
involves complex and subjective
estimation and judgement by                 o    Engaging our own internal valuation experts to evaluate the logic of
Management on the future                         the value-in-use calculation and the inputs to the calculation of the
performance of the CGU’s,                        discount rates applied;
discount rates applied to the future
                                            o    Evaluating the forecasts, inputs and any underlying assumptions with
cashflow forecasts and future
                                                 a view to identifying Management bias;
market and economic conditions.
                                            o    Evaluating Management’s sensitivity analysis for reasonably possible
In addition, the Basis for Qualified
                                                 changes in key assumptions; and
Opinion section of our report
describes that we were unable to            o    Performing our own sensitivity analyses for reasonably possible
obtain sufficient appropriate audit              changes in key assumptions, the two main assumptions being: the
evidence to support critical                     discount rate and forecast growth assumptions.
assumptions and estimates used
to determine the recoverable value     •   Evaluating the related disclosures (including the accounting policies and
of the goodwill and other indefinite       accounting estimates) about goodwill and other indefinite life intangible
life intangible assets allocated the       assets, which are included in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
research and advisory CGU.




                                                          24
Other Information
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021 (but does not include the consolidated
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon).

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of the
consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal control as the
Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the
Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                       25
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs (NZ), we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
    due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
    evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
    material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
    collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
    are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
    of the Group’s internal control.
   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
    and related disclosures made by management.
   Conclude on the appropriateness of the use of the going concern basis of accounting by the Directors and,
    based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
    that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that
    a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
    disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
    opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
    However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
    the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent fairly the underlying
    transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
    activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
    responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible
    for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.




                                                       26
We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the
public interest benefits of such communication.

Matters Relating to the Electronic Presentation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
This audit report relates to the consolidated financial statements of General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries
for the year ended 31 March 2021 included on General Capital Limited’s website. The Directors of General
Capital Limited are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of General Capital Limited’s website. We have
not been engaged to report on the integrity of General Capital Limited’s website. We accept no responsibility
for any changes that may have occurred to the consolidated financial statements since they were initially
presented on the website.

The audit report refers only to the consolidated financial statements named above. It does not provide an
opinion on any other information which may have been hyper linked to or from these consolidated financial
statements. If readers of this report are concerned with the inherent risks arising from electronic data
communication they should refer to the published hard copy of the audited consolidated financial statements
and related audit report dated 29 June 2021 to confirm the information included in the audited consolidated
financial statements presented on this website.

Legislation in New Zealand governing the preparation and dissemination of consolidated financial statements
may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is G K Raniga.




BAKER TILLY STAPLES RODWAY AUCKLAND
Auckland, New Zealand
29 June 2021




                                                       27
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021
                                                                                            2021           2020
                                                                                 Note        $              $

Interest income                                                                    5         3,533,401      2,846,439
Interest expense                                                                   5        (2,246,097)    (1,441,213)
Net interest income                                                                          1,287,304      1,405,226

Fee and commission income                                                          5          933,176        553,686
Fee and commission expense                                                         5         (247,997)      (128,699)
Net fee and commission income                                                                 685,179        424,987

Revenue from contracts with customers                                              5           279,045        227,715
Cost of sales                                                                      5           (37,696)       (32,545)
Gross profit from contracts with customers                                                     241,349        195,170

Modification gain on loan receivables                                              5            86,489               -
Other income                                                                       5            48,193         12,761
Net revenue                                                                                  2,348,514      2,038,144

Increase in allowance for expected credit losses                                   11           (27,372)       (54,999)
Personnel expenses                                                                            (781,919)      (746,680)
Occupancy expenses                                                                              (89,485)     (117,373)
Depreciation                                                                                    (17,085)        (4,444)
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                 14            (23,431)       (22,793)
Realised losses on bonds sold                                                     7.1         (190,085)               -
Other operating expenses                                                          7.2       (1,098,404)      (901,392)
                                                                                            (2,227,781)    (1,847,681)



Profit before income tax expense                                                               120,733        190,463
Income tax (expense) / benefit                                                     8           (38,967)       (60,907)
Net profit after income tax expense                                                             81,766        129,556

Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value
through other comprehensive income                                              15, 17(c)      (11,487)     (153,094)
Income tax on these items                                                       8, 17(c)              -        43,273
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of tax                                   (11,487)     (109,821)
Total comprehensive income                                                                      70,279        19,735


Earnings per share (cents per share)                                               9               0.05           0.08
Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                       9               0.05           0.08

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                      28
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                  AS AT 31 MARCH 2021
                                                                                                 2021          2020
                                                                                 Note             $             $
Equity
Share capital                                                                    17(a)           10,249,211    10,176,204
Accumulated losses                                                                                 (594,651)     (676,417)
Reserves                                                                         17(c)             (129,267)     (117,780)
Total equity                                                                                      9,525,293     9,382,007


Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                         10              7,292,267    12,562,241
Accounts receivables                                                                                194,727        10,859
Related party receivables                                                         18                110,868        79,823
Other current assets                                                                                 94,215       266,523
Bank deposits                                                                     10              3,000,000              -
Loan receivables                                                                  11             53,710,781    34,855,849
Deferred tax asset                                                                8.2               126,922        96,004
Property, plant and equipment                                                                        13,508         8,008
Right of use assets                                                                                 293,500              -
Investments                                                                       15                401,086       237,389
Intangible assets and goodwill                                                    14              2,926,365     3,046,811
Total assets                                                                                     68,164,239    51,163,507

Liabilities
Accounts payable and other payables                                                                 402,750       319,381
Related party payables                                                            18                 10,229         2,925
Income tax payable                                                                                   55,576         8,697
Lease liability                                                                                     307,207              -
Term deposits                                                                     16             57,863,184    41,450,497
Total liabilities                                                                                58,638,946    41,781,500
Net assets                                                                                        9,525,293     9,382,007

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


Net tangible assets (NTA) per share (cents per share)                                                   3.97          3.86
Net assets (NA) per share (cents per share)                                                             5.85          5.80


The financial statements are signed on behalf of the Board.




                      Rewi Bugo                                              Brent King
                      Chairman                                               Managing Director




Authorised for issue on:                29 June 2021




                                                                      29
                                               GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021


                                                                                              Accumulated
                                                           Share capital       Reserves                         Total equity
                                                                                                 losses


                                                Note             $                $               $                  $

Balance at 1 April 2019                                         9,573,495         (14,862)        (805,973)        8,752,660

Profit for the year                                                        -              -        129,556           129,556
Other comprehensive income for
the year                                                                   -     (109,821)                  -       (109,821)
Total comprehensive income for
the year                                                                   -     (109,821)         129,556               19,735
Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Contributions of equity net of
transaction costs                               17(a)            602,709                  -                 -        602,709
Issue of warrants to directors and
senior managers                                17(b), 19                   -          6,903                 -             6,903
Total transactions with owners in
their capacity as owners                                        602,709              6,903                -          609,612
Balance at 31 March 2020                                     10,176,204          (117,780)        (676,417)        9,382,007


Profit for the year                                                        -              -           81,766             81,766
Other comprehensive income for
the year                                       15, 17(c)                   -      (11,487)                  -        (11,487)
Total comprehensive income for
the year                                                                   -      (11,487)            81,766             70,279
Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Contributions of equity net of
transaction costs                               17(a)                73,007               -                 -            73,007
Total transactions with owners in
their capacity as owners                                         73,007                  -                -           73,007
Balance at 31 March 2021                                     10,249,211          (129,267)        (594,651)        9,525,293




                                                           30
                                                  GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASHFLOWS
                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021
                                                                                    2021           2020
                                                                            Note     $              $

Cash flow from operating activities
Interest received                                                                    3,329,027      2,520,543
Receipts from customers                                                              1,055,068        491,332
Other income                                                                             7,961         12,761
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                 (2,046,491)    (2,041,737)
Interest paid                                                                       (2,155,363)    (1,242,655)
Income tax paid                                                                        (23,006)       (21,083)
Finance receivables (net advances)                                                 (18,407,676)   (17,091,608)
Net cash (used in) / provided by operating activities                        20    (18,240,480)   (17,372,447)

Cash flow from investing activities
Proceeds from the sale of bonds                                                      4,334,514               -
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                              (10,356)        (6,276)
Purchase of software                                                                          -        (4,444)
Investment in bank deposits                                                         (3,000,000)              -
Investment in bonds                                                                 (4,718,617)              -
Investment in equities                                                                 (28,184)              -
Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities                               (3,422,643)       (10,720)

Cash flow from financing activities
Issue of ordinary shares                                                               73,007        602,709
Term deposits (net receipts)                                                       16,320,142     26,393,382
Net cash provided by financing activities                                          16,393,149     26,996,091

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the reporting                            12,562,241       2,949,317
period
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents held
during the reporting period                                                         (5,269,974)     9,612,924

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the reporting period                     10      7,292,267     12,562,241




                                                              31
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 1: REPORTING ENTITY
General Capital Limited ("the Company") is incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand. General Capital Limited is registered under the
Companies Act 1993.

General Capital Limited is a FMC reporting entity for the purposes of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The consolidated financial statements of General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries (together "the Group") have been prepared in
accordance with the Companies Act 1993 and the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The Group is a for profit entity.

The Group's principal activities are:
- Finance (deposit taking and lending);
- Research and advisory (investment advisory and research provider).

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 29 June 2021.

NOTE 2: BASIS OF PREPARATION

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand ("NZ GAAP").
They comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards ("NZ IFRS") and other applicable Financial
Reporting Standards, as appropriate for profit oriented entities. These consolidated financial statements also comply with International
Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS").

The financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars which is the Group's currency. Unless otherwise indicated, amounts in the
financial statements these amounts have been rounded to the nearest dollar.

The financial report has been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by revaluations for certain classes of assets and
liabilities to fair value as described in the accounting policies below.

These financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates continuity of normal business activities and
the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course of business, in accordance with historical cost concepts, as
modified by the revaluation of certain assets and liabilities as identified in the accounting policies below.

A significant event arose in March 2020, prior to reporting date, namely the global pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019, that has had and
is expected to continue to have an impact on the Group's earnings, cash flows and financial position. Refer to notes 4.1 and 24 for further
information. The Directors and Management have determined that the Group’s application of the going concern basis of accounting remains
appropriate in light of this event, refer to note 4.2.


NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these consolidated financial statements, and
have been applied consistently by Group entities.

3.1 Basis of consolidation

Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities controlled by the Group. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in consolidated financial
statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.

Transactions eliminated on consolidation
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in
preparing the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                       32
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

3.2 Revenue and expense recognition
(a) Interest income and expense
Interest income and interest expense
Interest income and interest expense is recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method. The effective interest method
calculates the amortised cost of a financial asset or liability and allocates the interest income and directly related fees (including loan
origination fees) and transaction costs (including commission expenses) that are an integral component of the effective interest rate over
the expected life of the financial asset or liability.

Loan fees and commissions
Lending fee income (such as loan establishment fees) that is integral to the effective yield of a loan held at amortised cost is capitalised as
part of the amortised cost and deferred over the life of the loan using the effective interest method. Lending fees not directly related to the
origination of a loan (account maintenance fee) are recognised over the period of service. Incremental and directly attributable costs (such
as commissions) associated with the origination of a financial asset (such as loans) and financial liabilities (such as term deposits) are
capitalised as part of the amortised cost and deferred over the life of the financial instrument using the effective interest method.

(b) Revenue from contracts with customers:
Advisory fee revenue
Advisory contracts generally span a period of three months to one and a half years. Management determine the performance obligation(s)
inherent in the contract at contract inception and recognise revenue upon completion of each of the performance obligations. Performance
obligations include advice provided to the entity and sometimes include the success of a project. There are specific billing milestones built
into each contract and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days of the milestone.

Yearbook and research sales
This includes revenue related to the sale of publications and fees for advertisements in the publications. The performance obligation for the
advertising fees is satisfied when the publications are published and available to be purchased by customers, and include the contracted
advertisements. Payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from production. The performance obligation relating to the sale of
publications is satisfied upon delivery of the publications. Payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from delivery.

Other fee income
Other finance fees charged by the Group that do not relate to the origination of finance receivables (for instance loan holding fees). These
fees are charged and recognised upon satisfaction of the conditions stipulated in the contract.

Assets and liabilities arising from revenue from contracts with customers
Accounts receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 30 to 60 days. Contract assets are recognised for any
performance obligations which have been satisfied in advance of billing to clients. The amounts are transferred to accounts receivable when
billed to customers. Contract costs are capitalised in respect of directly attributable contract costs (such as directly related allocations of
personnel costs) which relate to revenue which has not been recognised. Costs are only recognised if the amounts are expected to be
recovered from customers, are amortised when the associated revenue is billed to the customer, and are subject to impairment testing.
Contract liabilities are recognised in respect of any amounts billed to customers in advance of satisfaction of the associated performance
obligations.

(c) Other
Other expense recognition
All other expenses are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

3.3 Financial instruments

Initial recognition
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the
contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
appropriate, on initial recognition.




                                                                          33
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Financial assets
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the
classification of the financial assets.

Classification of financial assets
Financial assets that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at amortised cost:
- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI):
- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the
financial assets; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
the principal amount outstanding.

Despite the foregoing, the Group makes the following irrevocable election/designation at initial recognition of a financial asset:
- the Group irrevocably elects to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if certain
criteria are met; and
- the Group irrevocably designates a financial asset that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria as measured at FVTPL if doing so
eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


(i) Amortised cost and effective interest method
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset and of allocating interest income over the
relevant period. For financial assets, the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all
fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
excluding expected credit losses, through the expected life of the financial asset, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross
carrying amount of the financial asset on initial recognition.

The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition minus the principal
repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the
maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance. The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset
before adjusting for any loss allowance.

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost . For financial
assets other than purchased or originated credit‑impaired financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit‑impaired (see
below).

For financial assets that have subsequently become credit‑impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to
the amortised cost of the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit‑impaired financial instrument
improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit‑impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the
gross carrying amount of the financial asset.

Financial assets measured at amortised cost include cash and cash equivalents, loan receivables and trade receivables. Assets measured at
FVTOCI include listed corporate and local government bonds. The Group has no assets measured at FVTPL.

(ii) Financial assets at FVTOCI

Equity Instruments at FVTOCI
On initial recognition, the Group made an irrevocable election (on an instrument by instrument basis) to designate investments in equity
instruments as at FVTOCI.

Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at
fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
investments revaluation reserve. The cumulative gain or loss is not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments,
instead, it is transferred to retained earnings. Fair value is determined in the manner described in note 15.




                                                                        34
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Dividends on these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9.

The Group has designated all investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI on initial application of IFRS 9 (see note 15).


Modification of financial assets
When the contractual cash flows of a financial asset are renegotiated or otherwise modified and the renegotiation or modification does not
result in the derecognition of that financial asset, the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount of the financial asset and recognises a
modification gain or loss in profit or loss. The gross carrying amount of the financial asset shall is recalculated as the present value of the
renegotiated or modified contractual cash flows that are discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest. Any costs or fees
incurred adjust the carrying amount of the modified financial asset and are amortised over the remaining term of the modified financial
asset.

Impairment of Financial Assets
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on financial assets that are measured at amortised cost. The amount of
expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect a significant change in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective
financial assets.

The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade and other receivables. The expected credit losses on these financial assets are estimated using a
provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general
economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including
time value of money where appropriate.
For loan receivables, the Group applies a three-stage approach to measuring ECLs. Loans may migrate through the following stages based on
their change in credit quality.

Stage 1          12-month ECL (past due 30 days or less)
                 Where there has been no evidence of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs that result from
                 possible default events within 12 months are recognised.

Stage 2          Lifetime ECL not credit impaired (between 30 and 90 days past due)
                 Where there has been a significant increase in credit risk, ECLs that result from all possible default events over the life of the
                 loan are recognised.

Stage 3          Lifetime ECL credit impaired (greater than 90 days past due)
                 Where loans are in default or otherwise credit impaired, ECLs that result from all possible default events over the life of the
                 loan are recognised.

(i) Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a
default occurring on the financial asset at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial asset at the date of initial
recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers its historical loss experience and adjust this for current observable data. This
data includes any payment defaults by the borrower, known or expected defaults by the borrower on similar obligations (other loans),
uninsured deterioration of the security property and any changes in the borrowers circumstances which could impact on their ability to
repay either interest or principal amounts on their due date. The Group also considers changes or forecast changes to macroeconomic
factors including property prices, unemployment, interest rates, gross domestic product and inflation.

The nature of the Group’s loan receivables is property lending with a predominant focus on the underlying security value of the loan
receivable (i.e. the residential property value) in the credit assessment. The loans are predominantly advanced on twelve-month terms but
range between three-month and four-year terms. Credit risk information is updated and monitored regularly. Loan receivables are subject
to ongoing scrutiny, as a key component of credit risk management, with reporting of summarised credit risk information to the Group’s
directors on at least a monthly basis.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly
since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
information that demonstrates otherwise, for instance when the Group is made aware of a property sale and purchase agreement or
refinancing agreement which provides sufficient evidence that all of the borrower’s obligations including default interest will be met.

The Company regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk
and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
becomes past due.


                                                                         35
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

(ii) Definition of default

The Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and
supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate, for instance when the Group is made
aware of a property sale and purchase agreement or refinancing agreement which provides sufficient evidence that all of the borrower’s
obligations including default interest will be met.

(iii) Credit‑impaired financial assets

A financial asset is credit‑impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that
financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit‑impaired includes observable data about the following events:
a) an increase in loan to valuation ratio caused by either declining property security values or increases in the loan balance;
b) significant financial difficulty of the borrower; and
c) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see (ii) above).


(iv) Write‑off policy

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the borrower is in severe financial difficulty and there is no
realistic prospect of recovery, for example an unsecured financial asset whereby the borrower has no realistic ability to meet their financial
obligations to the Group. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.

v) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses

The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if
there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data
adjusted for forward‑looking information including macroeconomic factors as described above. Given the Group’s loan book is all secured
over property, the single most significant factor for loss given default is the value of the security property, any known or expected uninsured
deterioration of the property, or any forecast reduction in property values.

As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date.

For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate. In
instances where the probability of default has increased significantly (a significant increase in credit risk), or where the loan is in default, the
expected credit loss (or loss given default) may not increase significantly due to the Group’s lending criteria which prohibits lending when
the loan to valuation ratio (LVR) exceeds 75%.

This means in general that the Group expects that the present value of expected cash flows from a loan in default to approximate the
carrying value of the loan prior to the default event, except in cases where the LVR has increased considerably due to a reduction in the
security property valuation or a significant increase in the loan balance.

If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial asset at an amount equal to lifetime ECL in the previous reporting period, but
determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an
amount equal to 12‑month ECL at the current reporting date.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial assets with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying
amount through a loss allowance account.

Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire.

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                        36
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Financial Liabilities

Classification of Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost.

Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
At initial recognition financial liabilities are measured at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue of the
financial liabilities. The amortised cost of a financial liability is the amount at which the financial liability is measured at initial recognition
minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial
amount and the maturity amount.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the
relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points
paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the
expected life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.

The Group's financial liabilities measured at amortised cost include trade and other payables and term deposits.

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The
difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit
or loss.

3.4 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash includes demand deposits with an original term of less than 183 days which are considered highly liquid investments that are readily
convertible into cash and used by the Group as part of day-to-day cash management.

3.5 Leases
The Group leases an office premises and carparks. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods but may have extension options as
described below. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.

Leases are recognised as a right of use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the
Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease
period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right of use asset is
depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the
following lease payments:
- fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
- variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate;
- amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;
- the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
- payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.

The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental
borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in
a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
- the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;
- any initial direct costs; and
- restoration costs.

Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or
loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise mobile phones.

Extension options are included in the Group’s leases and are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessor.




                                                                        37
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

The Group has applied judgement to determine the lease term for lease contracts which include renewal options. The assessment of
whether the Group is reasonably certain to exercise such options impacts the lease term, which significantly affects the amount of lease
liabilities and right-of-use assets.

A deferred tax asset is raised for the tax impact of the changes in recognised lease related assets and liabilities.

In the statement of cash flows, lessees present:
- Short-term lease payments, payments for leases of low-value assets and variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the
lease liability as part of operating activities;
- Cash paid for the interest portion of a lease liability as either operating activities or financing activities, as permitted by NZ IAS 7 Statement
of Cash Flows (the Group has opted to include interest paid as part of operating activities, consistent with its presentation of interest paid on
financial liabilities); and
- Cash payments for the principal portion for a lease liability, as part of financing activities.


3.6 Intangible assets
Intangible assets comprise goodwill, acquired licences, bartercard trade dollars and computer software.

Goodwill and acquired licences are indefinite life intangibles subject to annual impairment testing. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating
units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that
are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose, identified according to the respective operating
segment. Refer to note 4.4 and note 14.


Licences acquired as part of business combinations are capitalised separately from goodwill as intangible assets if their value can be
measured reliably on initial recognition and it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will
flow to the Group.


Bartercard Trade Dollars are units of electronic currency held by the Group which can be used to pay for products and services from other
Bartercard members instead of paying in cash. They are non-monetary assets which are classified as indefinite life intangible assets. The
assets are recognised at cost less accumulated impairment losses. The trade dollars are acquired as earned and consumed as utilised and are
tested at least annually for impairment or when indication of an impairment exist. An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying
amount of a bartercard exceeds its recoverable amount. The estimated recoverable amount of intangible assets - Bartercard Trade Dollars
are the greater of their fair value less costs to sell or value in use. Trade debits arising from sales to customers and trade credits from
purchases of services are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income in the period in which the transaction occurs. Where trade
credits are used to purchase an asset, the asset is capitalised and recognised in the statement of financial position.

Computer software is recognised in the statement of financial position at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Direct
costs associated with the purchase and installation of software licences and the development of software for internal use are capitalised
where project success is probable and the capitalisation criteria is met. Cost associated with planning and evaluating computer software and
maintaining a system after implementation are expensed. Computer software costs are amortised on a straight-line basis (three years).

3.7 Taxation
Income tax for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income in the profit
or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised outside profit or loss (whether in other comprehensive income or directly in
equity), in which case the tax is also recognised outside profit or loss.

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at balance
date after taking advantage of all allowable deductions under current taxation legislation and any adjustment to tax liabilities in respect of
previous years.

Deferred tax is provided using the liability method, providing for temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
manner of realisation or settlement of the amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted as at balance
date.

Deferred taxation assets arising from temporary differences or income tax losses, are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that a
future taxable profit will be available against which the asset can be utilised.




                                                                        38
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Deferred taxation assets are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax asset will be realised. Any reduction is
recognised in profit or loss.

3.8 Impairment of non-financial assets
Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested for impairment annually or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Intangible assets not yet available for use are tested
for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired.

Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. The Group conducts an annual internal review of asset values, which is used as a source of information to assess for any
indicators of impairment. External factors, such as changes in expected future processes, technology and economic conditions, are also
monitored for indicators of impairment. If any indication of impairment exists, an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount is calculated.

An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable
amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is determined by estimating future cash flows
from the use and ultimate disposal of the asset and discounting these to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market rates and the risks specific to the asset. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for
which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Impairment losses directly reduce the carrying amount of assets
and are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting
date.

3.9 Employee benefits
Wages, salaries and annual leave
Liabilities for wages, salaries and annual leave are recognised in respect of employees' services up to the reporting date. They are measured
at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.

Superannuation plans
The Group pays contributions to superannuation plans, such as Kiwisaver. The Group has no further payment obligations once the
contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as an employee benefit expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions
are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


3.10 Statement of cash flows
The statement of cash flows has been prepared using the direct approach modified by netting certain cash flows in order to provide more
meaningful disclosure. These include reverse loan receivables and term deposit liabilities. The advances to and repayments received from
borrowers in relation to loan receivables are considered operating activities and are reported on a net basis in the Statement of Cash Flows.
Proceeds from deposits issued and repayments to deposit investors are considered financing activities and are also reported on a net basis
in the Statement of Cash Flows.


3.11 Comparatives
Where necessary, comparative information has been reclassified and represented for consistency with current year.


NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS

There are a number of significant accounting treatments which include complex or subjective judgments and estimates that may affect the
reported amounts of assets in these financial statements. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

An explanation of the judgments and estimates made by the Group in the process of applying its accounting policies, that have the most
significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements, are set out below.




                                                                      39
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

4.1 Increased level of inherent uncertainty in the significant accounting estimates and judgments arising from the ongoing global
pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019

As disclosed in the 31 March 2020 financial statements, on 11 March 2020 the World Health Organization declared an ongoing global
outbreak of a novel coronavirus, known as ‘coronavirus disease 2019’ (‘COVID-19’), a pandemic.

In response the New Zealand Government has implemented a range of:
- public health and social measures to prevent and contain the transmission of COVID-19; and
- economic responses to provide financial stimulus and welfare support to mitigate the economic impacts of the pandemic.

As a result of the pandemic, the Group anticipates that lowered levels of economic activity and confidence will continue for at least the short
to medium term and may result in increased business failures and unemployment levels in New Zealand.

Consequently, the Group has concluded that there has been an increase in the level of inherent uncertainty in the significant accounting
estimates and judgements applied by Management in the preparation of these financial statements.

These financial statements have been prepared based upon conditions existing as at 31 March 2021 and consider those events occurring
subsequent to that date that provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period. As the outbreak of the COVID-
19 pandemic occurred before 31 March 2021, its impacts are considered an event that is indicative of conditions that arose prior to
reporting period. Accordingly, as at the date of signing these financial statements, all reasonably known and available information with
respect to the COVID-19 pandemic has been taken into consideration in the critical accounting estimates and judgements applied by
Management (refer note 4.2 and 4.3 below) and all reasonably determinable adjustments have been made in preparing these financial
statements.


4.2 Applicability of the going concern basis of accounting

Whilst the COVID-19 pandemic and measures implemented have lowered overall economic activity and confidence (described above),
Management have assessed and determined that the Group’s application of the going concern basis of accounting remains appropriate.

The Group has responded to the pandemic in the following ways:
- Undertook an analysis of its forecast cashflows to evaluate of the appropriateness of the Group’s continued application of the going
concern basis of accounting. This forecast cashflows took into consideration the Group’s expectation of the impact of the pandemic on its
earnings, cash flow and financial position.
- Assessed the direct and indirect financial impacts of the pandemic on the carrying value of reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses.
- Implemented and enacted appropriate health and safety responses.
- Implemented cost saving measures.


Cashflow forecast and going concern

When preparing the prior year (31 March 2020) financial statements, the Group determined the main potential downside impacts of the
pandemic on the Group’s earnings, cash flows, financial position and application of the going concern basis of accounting to be the
following:
1) A reduction in term deposit reinvestment rates.
2) A reduction in new term deposit investments.
3) The inability for borrowers to make loan payments on their contractual repayment dates.
4) A reduction in loan security values (residential property values).
5) Reduced net cash flows from the research and advisory cash generating unit.

Cashflow forecast and going concern

When preparing the prior year (31 March 2020) financial statements, the Group determined the main potential downside impacts of the
pandemic on the Group’s earnings, cash flows, financial position and application of the going concern basis of accounting to be the
following:
1) A reduction in term deposit reinvestment rates.
2) A reduction in new term deposit investments.
3) The inability for borrowers to make loan payments on their contractual repayment dates.
4) A reduction in loan security values (residential property values).
5) Reduced net cash flows from the research and advisory cash generating unit.


                                                                      40
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

The Group has performed much more favourably than the highly stressed scenarios which were assumed in the forecast prepared for the 31
March 2020 financial statements going concern consideration. This is detailed further below:

1) The Group forecasted a reduction in term deposit reinvestment rates from 79% actual for the 31 March 2020 financial year to 25% for the
6 months ending 30 September 2020 and 50% for the 6 months ending 31 March 2021. The actual weighted average term deposit
reinvestment rate was 43% in the 6-month period ended 30 September 2020 and 57% in the 6-month period ended 31 March 2021.

2) The Group forecasted a reduction in new term deposit investments from an average of $2.4 million actual per month for the 2020
financial year to $Nil. Actual new term deposit investments for the year ended 31 March 2021 averaged $2.6 million monthly.

3) The Group assumed that 50% of maturing loans would not be repaid on their expected repayment date including expected delays due to
the Covid-19 government restrictions. Whilst there were some delays encountered due mostly to government restrictions, the gross loan
book decreased from its 31 March 2020 balance of $35.2 million to a low point of $24.0 million at 31 July 2020 due to loan repayments and a
conservative risk management approach taken by the Group to increase cash reserves. Since then, the Group’s lending activity has increased
and accordingly the loan book has grown to a new record high level of $54.5m at 31 March 2021. This increase in the loan book was funded
by growth in term deposits along with a reduction in the high cash reserves. The growth in the loan book has resulted in increased
profitability towards the end of the financial year and post 31 March 2021 balance date.

Loans in arrears reduced to $2.0m at 31 March 2021 (from $5.4 million at 31 March 2020) with $nil loans past due by greater than 90 days
at 31 March 2021 (down from $0.9 million at 31 March 2020).

There were no loan write-offs in the year ended 31 March 2021 (March 2020: $nil).

4) The Group forecasted a reduction in loan security values (residential property values) by 25%. The March 2021 monthly property report
dated 15 April 2021 published by the Real Estate Institute of New Zealand (REINZ) showed that the median house price had increased by
24.3% nationally year on year with the REINZ House Price Index increasing by 24.0% nationally year on year.

5) The Group forecasted no cash inflows from the research and advisory cash generating unit in the 31 March 2021 financial year under a
stressed scenario. The cash generating unit generated pre-tax free cash flows of $200,724 (excluding $72,000 shares received as net
revenue) during the 31 March 2021 financial year, refer to note 14 for further details.

Based on the current pandemic and economic conditions in New Zealand, the Company currently expects the favourable trends above to
continue including:
1. Term deposit reinvestment rates to gradually return to historical averages of 70-80%.
2. New term deposit investments to continue growing.
3. Loans will be repaid on or close to their maturity date (with the exception of loans rolled over in line with the Company’s lending policies).
4. No significant reduction in loan security values.
5. The research and advisory cash generating unit to continue generating positive cash flows.

Accordingly, Management have assessed and determined based on forecasts prepared for greater than 12 months from the date of signing,
that the Group’s application of the going concern basis of accounting remains appropriate.

Direct and indirect financial impacts of the pandemic on the carrying value of reported amounts of assets and liabilities

Consistent with 31 March 2020 disclosures, there have been no material direct or indirect impacts on the reported amount of assets and
liabilities. Refer to note 4.3 below for further information on expected credit losses on loans receivable.

Cost saving measures

1. Term deposit interest rates were further reduced in May 2020 in line with the global interest rate trends.
2. Other cost savings initiatives have been implemented where possible.




                                                                       41
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

4.3 Allowance for expected credit losses

Significant increase in credit risk
Expected credit losses (‘ECL’) are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL, or lifetime ECL for assets with a significant increase in
credit risk or in default or otherwise credit impaired. An asset moves to doubtful when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial
recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly, the Group considers its historical loss experience and adjust this
for current observable data. This data includes any payment defaults by the borrower, known or expected defaults by the borrower on
similar obligations (other loans), uninsured deterioration of the security property and any changes in the borrowers circumstances which
could impact on their ability to repay either interest or principal amounts on their due date. The Group also considers changes or forecast
changes to macroeconomic factors including property prices, unemployment, interest rates, gross domestic product and inflation.

Calculation of loss allowance
When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future
movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.

Loss given default is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due and
those that the Group would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements.

Probability of default constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. Probability of default is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given
time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.

The ECL is calculated on an individual loan basis by applying an expected loss factor to the loan balance. The expected loss factor is
determined from the Group historical loss experience data.

Historical loss experience data is reviewed by management and adjustments made to reflect current and forward looking economic and
credit conditions. In addition, management recognise that a certain level of imprecision exists in any model used to generate risk grading
and provisioning levels. As such an adjustment is applied for model risk.

In instances where the probability of default has increased significantly (a significant increase in credit risk), or where the loan is in default,
the expected credit loss (or loss given default) may not increase significantly due to the Group’s lending criteria which prohibits lending
when the loan to valuation ratio (LVR) exceeds 75%. This means in general that the Group expects that the present value of expected cash
flows from a loan in default to approximate the carrying value of the loan prior to the default event, except in cases where the LVR has
increased considerably due to a reduction in the security property valuation or a significant increase in the loan balance.

Management regularly reviews and adjusts its ECL estimates, judgements, assumptions, and methodologies as data becomes available.
Changes in these estimates, judgements, assumptions, and methodologies could have a direct impact on the level of credit provision and
credit impairment charge recorded in the financial statements (refer Note 11 Loan Receivables).

If the 12-month ECL rate for loans without a significant increase in credit risk increased/(decreased) by 0.2% higher/(lower) as at 31 March
2021, the loss allowance on finance receivables would have been $106,313 higher/(lower) (March 2020: $67,347 higher/(lower)).

If the lifetime ECL rate for loans with a significant increase in credit risk and credit impaired loans increased/(decreased) by 1.0%
higher/(lower) as at 31 March 2020, the loss allowance on finance receivables would have been $13,023 higher/(lower) (March 2020:
$15,163 higher/(lower)).


Impact of COVID-19 on loan receivables / expected credit losses
The COVID-19 Alert Level 4 and Level 3 restrictions impacted negatively on borrowers’ ability to pay monthly interest and/or to repay their
loans by the due date because of the following:
1) Delays by banks in processing refinancing applications from our borrowers.
2) Borrowers were unable to effectively market their properties for sale.
3) In some cases, borrower income had reduced and impacted on their ability to service their loans.

These factors have improved since COVID-19 restrictions were reduced. Loans in arrears reduced to $2.0 million at 31 March 2021 (from
$5.4 million at 31 March 2020) with $nil loans past due by greater than 90 days at 31 March 2021 (down from $0.9 million at 31 March
2020). There were no loan write-offs in the year ended 31 March 2021 (March 2020: $nil).




                                                                        42
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

The highest loan to valuation ratio (LVR) of the Group’s loan book as at 31 March 2021 was 75.0% (March 2020: 77.0%) and the weighted
average LVR of the loan book was 54.6% (March 2020: 55.8%), based on loan security valuations on origination of the loan.

According to sensitivity analysis performed on the property security valuations underlying the Group’s loan receivables as at 31 March 2021:
1) A 10% drop in residential property values would result in no loan losses (March 2020: $nil).
2) A 20% drop in residential property values would result in no loan losses (March 2020: $10,000 – $20,000).
3) A 25% drop in residential property values would result in a loss in the range of $150,000 - $200,000 (March 2020: $200,000 – $250,000).
4) A 25% drop in commercial property values would result in no loan losses (March 2020: $nil).

The above sensitivity analysis factors in the expected selling costs of the property as well as the time value of money over the expected time
to sell (or to refinance) the property (expected to be no greater than six-months based on the Group's experience. The sensitivity analysis
does not factor in potential increases in underlying security value since the origination of the loan. Residential property prices in New
Zealand have increased on average year on year to 31 March 2021 (refer to further comments on residential property value trends in note
4.2).

Expected credit losses:
1) Based on the history of the Group's loan book over the last eight years, the average annual write-offs as a percentage of the average loan
receivable balance over the same period was 0.10%. This would be an appropriate basis for 12-month expected credit losses in ‘normal’
economic conditions.
2) The Group recognises that New Zealand’s economic forecast for the next 12 months is uncertain due to the impacts of the COVID-19
pandemic as described above. As a result, the Group has concluded that the probability of default has increased. However due to the
Company’s well secured loan book (as described above), the loss given default and expected credit losses have increased but not by a
material amount. As such, the Group has determined that 0.25% (March 2020: 0.31%) of the gross loan balance is a more appropriate
expectation of losses for the next 12 months.
3) Lifetime ECL’s for loans with a significant increase in credit risk and for loans in default have been calculated based on the Group’s
expectations for discounted net cash flows from the respective loan receivables over the expected remaining life of the loans in light of
COVID-19.


4.4 Impairment analysis of goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets

The carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets (including licences and bartercard trade dollars) is assessed at least
annually to ensure that it is not impaired.

With regard to Goodwill and Licences, performing this analysis requires management to estimate future cash flows to be generated by the
cash-generating unit, which entails making judgements, including the expected rate of growth of revenues and expenditures, assets and
liabilities, and the resulting cashflows. Judgements also need to be made about the appropriate discount rate to apply when valuing future
cash flows.

A sensitivity analysis performed by Management has highlighted that the carrying value of the Goodwill and other assets in the research and
advisory CGU are highly reliant on the achievement of revenue forecasts from advisory projects.

Management have performed a fair value less costs of disposal impairment test in relation to the carrying value of the bartercard trade
dollars asset at 31 March 2021.


Impact of COVID-19 on impairment analysis of goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets
When completing the impairment analysis of goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets, the Group has taken into consideration all
reasonably known and available information with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic (as described in note 4.2).

Expected impact on cash-generating units
1. Finance CGU - The forecasted cash flows used in the impairment analysis factor in the expected impacts of COVID-19. In particular the
Growth path that General Finance originally forecasted is now expected to be significantly delayed as a result of the pandemic and the
economic impact. Notwithstanding the impacts of the above, the results of the model show that there is still significant headroom in the
unit.
2. Research and Advisory CGU - In the forecasted cash flows used in the CGU impairment analysis, the Group has factored in the expected
impacts on COVID-19 on the probability of sourcing advisory projects, the project milestones and the impact on timing of cashflows.
Notwithstanding the impacts of the above, the results of the impairment testing resulted in no impairment to the CGU.

Further information on the impairment analysis, assumptions and sensitivity analysis can be found in note 14.



                                                                     43
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

4.5 Valuation of equity securities classified as financial assets at FVTOCI

The equity securities held by the Group are required to be carried at fair value. Fair value of the investments has been estimated using
inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (Level 3 inputs).

Impact of COVID-19 on equity securities classified as financial assets at FVTOCI
When calculating fair value of the four equity securities carried at FVTOCI, the Group has taken into consideration all reasonably known and
available information with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic (as described in note 4.1).

Further information on the judgements made, assumptions and estimates are included in note 6.4 and note 15.

4.6 Classification of Bartercard Trade Dollars

Bartercard uses an electronic currency called a Bartercard Trade Dollar. The Group earns Bartercard Trade Dollars for the goods it sells to
customers (trade debits) and uses the Bartercard Trade Dollars to make purchases (trade credits) from other Bartercard holders. The assets
have been classified as indefinite life intangible assets.

Management have classified the Bartercard Trade Dollars as having an indefinite useful life based on the analysis of relevant factors
including:
- the participants in the Bartercard network;
- the availability of relevant goods and services in the Bartercard network;
- an assessment of the future viability of the Bartercard platform as a means of payment;
- the level of expenditure required to maintain a Bartercard account and the Group's intention to continue paying these maintenance fees.

The useful life of the intangible assets are reviewed each period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support the
indefinite useful life estimate.




                                                                      44
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 5: SEGMENT REPORTING

Management has determined the operating segments based on the components of the Group that engage in business activities, which have
discrete financial information available and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group's chief operating decision maker.
The chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors makes decisions about how
resources are allocated to the segments and assesses their performance.

Three reportable segments have been identified as follows:
- Finance: Deposit taking and short term property mortgage lending.
- Research and Advisory: Provides investment advisory services and produces and sells investment research and publications.
- Corporate and Other: Corporate function and investment activities.

                                                   Research and       Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2021              Finance          Advisory             Other      Total Segments         Eliminations       Consolidated
                                       $                $                   $               $                     $                 $
Revenue - interest income             3,535,620                   3                3       3,535,626                (2,225)        3,533,401
Revenue - fee income
(finance receivables)                   933,176                   -                   -          933,176                   -         933,176
Revenue from contracts with
customers
- Advisory fee revenue                         -          357,642                     -          357,642         (119,894)           237,748
- Yearbook and research sales                  -           41,297                     -           41,297                 -            41,297
- Other fee income                             -                -                     -                -                 -                 -
Modification gain on loan
receivables                              49,770                  -                 -              49,770           36,719             86,489
Other income                             39,996             42,382           107,819             190,197         (142,004)            48,193
Total revenue                         4,558,562            441,324           107,822           5,107,708         (227,404)         4,880,304
Interest expense                    (2,245,554)                  -             (543)          (2,246,097)                -        (2,246,097)
Fee and commission expense            (257,997)                  -                 -            (257,997)          10,000           (247,997)
(finance
Cost     receivables)
     of sales                                 -           (48,686)                 -             (48,686)          10,990            (37,696)
Net revenue                          2,055,011            392,638            107,279           2,554,928         (206,414)         2,348,514
Increase in allowance for
expected credit losses
                                        (27,372)                 -                  -            (27,372)                  -         (27,372)
Realised losses on bonds sold          (190,085)                 -                  -           (190,085)                  -        (190,085)
Personnel expenses                     (649,118)          (57,519)           (75,282)           (781,919)                  -        (781,919)
Depreciation and
amortisation                            (33,529)                  -           (6,987)            (40,516)                  -         (40,516)
Income tax (expense) /
benefit                                 (59,587)              105              4,910             (54,572)          15,605            (38,967)
Net profit / (loss) after tax            223,429           191,879          (284,738)             130,570         (48,804)             81,766


Total Assets                         66,073,514          1,318,154         1,030,284          68,421,952         (257,713)        68,164,239


Total Liabilities                    58,446,662            132,059           269,134          58,847,855         (208,909)        58,638,946

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and other non-current assets (excluding non-current finance receivables):

                                                   Research and       Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2021              Finance          Advisory             Other           Total Segments    Eliminations       Consolidated
                                       $                $                   $                    $                $                 $
Acquired through settlement
of transactions / balances                     -          107,762                     -          107,762                   -         107,762
Recognition of right of use
assets on new leases                    193,535                   -          112,194             305,729                   -         305,729
Other                                         -                   -           85,356              85,356                   -          85,356
Transfers / reallocations
between segments                              -          (107,762)           107,762                   -                   -               -
                                        193,535                  -           305,312             498,847                   -         498,847


                                                                      45
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 5: SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

                                                   Research and      Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2020              Finance          Advisory            Other      Total Segments         Eliminations       Consolidated
                                       $                $                  $               $                     $                 $
Revenue - interest income             2,842,352             4,025                62       2,846,439                       -       2,846,439
Revenue - fee income
(finance receivables)                   552,225              1,461                   -          553,686                   -         553,686
Revenue from contracts with
customers
- Advisory fee revenue                        -             91,151                 -             91,151                 -             91,151
- Yearbook and research sales                 -             50,633                 -             50,633                 -             50,633
- Other fee income                       85,931             15,579                 -            101,510          (15,579)             85,931
Other income                             12,761              2,249           111,091            126,101         (113,340)             12,761
Total revenue                         3,493,269            165,098           111,153          3,769,520         (128,919)          3,640,601
Interest expense                    (1,440,704)              (491)               (18)        (1,441,213)                -        (1,441,213)
Fee and commission expense            (128,699)                  -                  -          (128,699)                -          (128,699)
(finance receivables)
Cost of sales                                 -           (32,545)                  -           (32,545)                -           (32,545)
Net revenue                          1,923,866            132,062            111,135          2,167,063         (128,919)         2,038,144
Increase in allowance for
expected credit losses                  (54,999)                 -                  -           (54,999)                  -         (54,999)
Personnel expenses                     (603,058)          (71,444)           (72,178)          (746,680)                  -        (746,680)
Depreciation and
amortisation                            (26,303)                 -              (934)           (27,237)                  -         (27,237)
Income tax (expense) /                  (60,892)            2,372             (2,387)           (60,907)                  -         (60,907)
benefit
Net profit / (loss) after tax            441,716          (15,903)          (296,257)            129,556                  -          129,556


Total Assets                         49,138,302          1,301,131           989,136         51,428,569         (265,062)        51,163,507


Total Liabilities                    41,734,879            199,152           112,531         42,046,562         (265,062)        41,781,500

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and other non-current assets (excluding non-current finance receivables):

                                                   Research and      Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2020              Finance          Advisory            Other           Total Segments    Eliminations       Consolidated
                                       $                $                  $                    $                $                 $
Acquired through settlement
of transactions / balances                    -            13,108                  -             13,108                   -          13,108
Other                                     4,444                 -            206,276            210,720                   -         210,720
Transfers / reallocations
between segments                               -          (13,108)            13,108                  -                   -               -
                                           4,444                 -           219,384            223,828                   -         223,828




                                                                     46
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks comprising credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk (interest rate risk) and fair value risk.
6.1 Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and
arises principally from the Group's loan receivables, cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable.

The maximum credit exposure of the Group, assuming a zero value for collateral is $66,373,304 (2020: 48,565,201). This includes loans
receivable of $54,458,956 (2020: $35,189,866), undrawn loan commitments of $1,316,486 (2020: $742,412), bank deposits of $10,292,267
(2020: $12,542,241), accounts receivable of $194,727 (2020: $10,859) and related party receivables of $110,868 (2020: $79,823). Of this
exposure, 84.0% is covered by collateral over properties (2020: 74.0%) and 15.5% is deposited with registered New Zealand banks (2020:
25.8%).

To manage credit on finance receivables the Group performs credit evaluations on all customers requiring advances. The approval process
considers a number of factors including the value of the security compared to the value of the amount to be borrowed ("loan to valuation
ratio" or "LVR"), the creditworthiness of the borrower and their ability to repay.

The Group operates a credit risk (lending) policy which stipulates the Group's requirements regarding the security and LVR of the borrowing,
the credit worthiness of borrowers, geographical spread, maximum loan exposure size and credit approval authority levels. Decisions on
whether to approve or decline loans are made by the credit committee in line with the Group's credit risk policy. Loan receivables are
subject to regular scrutiny, as a key component of credit risk management. This includes a review of the borrower’s repayment history and
any interest arrears; any changes in the borrowers circumstances which could impact on their ability to repay either interest or principal
amounts on their due date and any movement in the security value.

As at 31 March 2021 the Group’s loan advances are secured as follows: first mortgages 99.8% (March 2020: 96.1%), second mortgages 0.2%
(March 2020: 1.0%), combined first and second mortgages 0.0% (March 2020: 2.9%). There were no unsecured loans as at 31 March 2021
(March 2020: none).

As at 31 March 2021 the Group’s advances were primarily secured over properties which are categorised as follows: residential housing
85.8% (March 2020: 83.5%), residential bare land 8.5% (March 2020: 5.4%), residential development property 0.0% (March 2020: 11.1%)
and commercial property 5.7% (March 2020: 0.0%). In some cases, secondary securities may be taken over other property types.

Loan receivables credit exposures are concentrated in the residential property sector, particularly in the North Island and the Auckland
Market. As at 31 March 2021, advances by the Group in the North Island residential property sector represented 93.5% (March 2020:
94.9%) of its total exposure, with 72.1% (March 2020 51.2%) being in the Auckland market. The geographical profile of loan receivables is
analysed further as follows:


                                                                                                                       2021                2020
                                                                                                                         $                   $
Northland                                                                                                               1,998,048           2,068,544
Auckland                                                                                                               39,195,570          18,012,270
Waikato                                                                                                                 2,691,087           4,189,996
Bay of Plenty                                                                                                             102,093           2,037,576
Wellington                                                                                                              5,037,443           4,398,852
Other North Island                                                                                                      1,878,632           2,672,401
Canterbury                                                                                                              1,315,784           1,810,227
Otago                                                                                                                   2,240,299                   -
Total                                                                                                                  54,458,956          35,189,866




                                                                          47
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

The concentration of the credit exposure to the six largest exposures is 23.2% (March 2020: 22.2%) of the total loan portfolio. The Group
has elected to disclose the largest six exposures as this is considered to provide a meaningful indication of concentration of credit risk. An
exposure is calculated as the total of all loan exposures to a single borrower or group of linked borrowers. The size of loan exposures is
analysed further as follows:

                                                                                                               2021              2020
                                                                                                             Number of         Number of
                                                                                                             Exposures         Exposures
Less than $100,000                                                                                                        -                 1
Between $100,000 and $250,000                                                                                            10                17
Between $250,000 and $500,000                                                                                            31                25
Between $500,000 and $1,000,000                                                                                          27                17
Between $1,000,000 and $1,500,000                                                                                         6                 8
Between $1,500,000 and $2,000,000                                                                                         5                 1
Between $2,000,000 and $2,500,000                                                                                         1                 -
Between $2,500,000 and $3,000,000                                                                                         2                 -
Total No. of Exposures                                                                                                   82                69

The provision for expected credit losses for performing and under-performing loans is detailed and explained in note 11. Gross past due loan
receivables total $2,008,761 (March 2020: $5,222,214) which equates to 3.7% (March 2020: 15.4%) of total loan receivables.



As shown in the aging analysis of past-due loans below, the balance comprises:

Stage 1         12-month ECL
                Gross loans receivable totalling $706,420 (March 2020: $3,905,889) were past due and the Group has concluded there has
                not been a significant increase in credit risk.


Stage 2         Lifetime ECL not credit impaired
                Gross loans receivable totalling $1,302,341 (March 2020: $610,369) were past due by between 30 and 90 days and the
                Group has concluded there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


Stage 3         Lifetime ECL credit impaired
                Gross loans receivable totalling $nil (March 2020: $905,956) were past due by greater than 90 days and the Group has
                concluded there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


Aging analysis – past due but not considered under-performing loans:
                                                                                                                2021              2020
                                                                                                                  $                 $
Up to 30 Days                                                                                                      706,420         3,905,889
31 - 60 Days                                                                                                     1,302,341           610,369
61 - 90 Days                                                                                                             -                 -
91 - 120 Days                                                                                                            -           546,788
120+ Days                                                                                                                -           359,168
Total                                                                                                            2,008,761         5,422,214



The Group is also exposed to credit risk from deposits held with banks. As at balance date, the Group holds deposits in New Zealand
Registered Banks including 99.6% with Bank of New Zealand (2020: 99.3%), 0.2% with ASB Bank (2020: 0.2%) and 0.2% with ANZ Bank New
Zealand (2020: 0.5%).




                                                                     48
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

6.2 Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with financial liabilities as they fall due.

The Group operates a liquidity risk policy and endeavours to maintain sufficient funds to meet its commitments based on forecasted cash
flow requirements. Management has internal control processes and contingency plans to actively manage the lending and borrowing
portfolios to ensure the net exposure to liquidity risk is minimised. The exposure is reviewed on an on-going basis from daily procedures to
monthly reporting as part of the Group's liquidity management policies and processes.


The following tables set out the undiscounted contractual cash flows, and the undiscounted expected cash flows, of the Group’s financial
assets and liabilities.


                                                                                       Contractual Cash Flows
2021                                                              Total              0-6             7 - 12                 13 - 24                24+
                                                                                   Months          Months                  Months               Months
                                                                       $                $                 $                       $                  $
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                   7,300,469            7,300,469                   -                    -                    -
Bank deposits (>183 days)1                                  3,019,773            3,019,773                   -                    -                    -
Other financial assets                                        305,595              305,595                   -                    -                    -
Loan receivables                                           57,904,712           18,598,749         24,593,585            9,802,023            4,910,355
Totals                                                     68,530,549           29,224,586         24,593,585            9,802,023            4,910,355
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                                              60,177,665           18,460,422         20,981,517          18,473,850             2,261,876
Lease liability                                               326,040               81,510             81,510             163,020                      -
Other payables                                                104,031              104,031                   -                   -                     -
Totals                                                     60,607,736           18,645,963         21,063,027          18,636,870             2,261,876


Net cashflow                                                 7,922,813          10,578,623           3,530,558         (8,834,847)            2,648,479


                                                                                       Contractual Cash Flows
2020                                                              Total              0-6             7 - 12                 13 - 24                24+
                                                                                   Months          Months                  Months               Months
                                                                       $                $                 $                       $                  $
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                  12,586,940           12,586,940                   -                    -                    -
Other financial assets                                         83,221               83,221                   -                    -                    -
Loan receivables                                           36,794,218           20,544,067         12,085,213            2,720,171            1,444,767
Totals                                                     49,464,379           33,214,228         12,085,213            2,720,171            1,444,767
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                                              43,666,922           13,544,847         14,189,421          11,776,984             4,155,670
Other payables                                                 76,217               76,217                   -                   -                     -
Totals                                                     43,743,139           13,621,064         14,189,421          11,776,984             4,155,670


Net cashflow                                                 5,721,240          19,593,164         (2,104,208)         (9,056,813)           (2,710,903)

1
    Bank deposits with an original term of greater than 183 days.




                                                                           49
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                                                     Expected Cash Flows
2021                                                            Total             0-6            7 - 12              13 - 24              24+
                                                                                Months         Months               Months             Months
                                                                    $                $                $                    $                $
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                  7,307,242          7,307,242                 -                  -                 -
Bank deposits (>183 days)1                                 3,026,500          3,026,500                 -                  -                 -
Other financial assets                                       305,595            305,595                 -                  -                 -
Loan receivables                                          60,052,839         10,200,816       13,243,507         26,687,091         9,921,425
Totals                                                    70,692,176         20,840,153       13,243,507         26,687,091         9,921,425
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                                             62,233,207          7,918,102        8,995,915         19,268,522        26,050,668
Lease liability                                              326,040             81,510           81,510            163,020                  -
Other payables                                               104,031            104,031                 -                  -                 -
Totals                                                    62,663,278          8,103,643        9,077,425         19,431,542        26,050,668


Net cashflow                                               8,028,898         12,736,510        4,166,082          7,255,549       (16,129,243)


                                                                                     Expected Cash Flows
2020                                                            Total             0-6            7 - 12              13 - 24              24+
                                                                                Months         Months               Months             Months
                                                                    $                $                $                    $                $
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                 12,620,950         12,620,950                 -                  -                 -
Other financial assets                                        83,221             83,221                 -                  -                 -
Loan receivables                                          38,437,399         10,990,318        6,819,638         17,822,591         2,804,852
Totals                                                    51,141,570         23,694,489        6,819,638         17,822,591         2,804,852
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                                             44,968,870         11,235,268         7,439,464         7,856,748        18,437,390

Other payables                                                76,217             76,217                 -                  -                 -
Totals                                                    45,045,087         11,311,485        7,439,464          7,856,748        18,437,390


Net cashflow                                               6,096,483         12,383,004         (619,826)         9,965,843       (15,632,538)

1
    Bank deposits with an original term of greater than 183 days.


The table above shows management’s expected maturities of existing financial assets and liabilities. In determining the expected cash flow,
the following assumptions have been made based on management’s best estimate having regard to current market conditions and past
experience:


    -   60% term deposit reinvestment rate for 31 March 2021.
    -   31 March 2020 term deposit reinvestment rate assumptions:
          - 25% for maturities up to 30 September 2020;
          - 50% for maturities up to 31 March 2021; and
          - 60% for maturities after 31 March 2021.
    -   Term deposit reinvestments are made for a weighted average 18-month term (March 2020: 18 months)
    -   50% of loans (March 2020: 50%) not past due repay on existing contractual maturity date, with the balance rolled over at their existing
        interest rates and repaid after a further 12 months.




                                                                        50
                                                            GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

6.3 Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of
financial instruments.

Interest rate risk is the risk of loss to the Group arising from adverse changes in interest rates. The Group's financing activities are exposed
to interest rate risk in respect of its interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. Changes to interest rates can impact the Group's
financial results by affecting the interest spread earned on these assets and liabilities. Interest rates for finance receivables, term deposits,
and bank deposits (other than those on call) are fixed for the term of their respective contracts. Interest rates are repriced on contractual
maturity dates of the financial instruments. There is a risk that different financial instruments (such as finance receivables and term
deposits) are repriced on different dates, i.e. a repricing risk (refer to contractual cash flows under liquidity risk for repricing dates).


The table below summarises the sensitivity of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities to interest rate risk.

                                                           Carrying
2021                                                       Amount            -1% Profit         -1% Equity          +1% Profit         +1% Equity
Financial Assets                                              $                  $                   $                  $                  $
Cash and cash equivalents                                    7,292,267           (72,923)            (52,505)             72,923             52,505
Finance Receivables                                         54,458,956          (544,590)           (392,105)            544,590            392,105

Financial Liabilities
Term Deposits                                               57,929,500             579,295            417,092           (579,295)           (417,092)

Total increase / (decrease)                                                        (38,218)           (27,518)             38,218             27,518


                                                           Carrying
2020                                                       Amount            -1% Profit         -1% Equity          +1% Profit         +1% Equity
Financial Assets                                              $                  $                   $                  $                  $
Cash and cash equivalents                                   12,562,241          (125,622)            (90,448)            125,622             90,448
Finance Receivables                                         35,189,866          (351,899)           (253,367)            351,899            253,367

Financial Liabilities
Term Deposits                                               41,520,102             415,201            298,945           (415,201)           (298,945)

Total increase / (decrease)                                                        (62,320)           (44,870)             62,320             44,870


6.4 Assets carried at fair value

     Level 1            Fair value is calculated using quoted prices in active markets.
     Level 2            Fair value is estimated using inputs other than quoted prices in level 1 that are observable for the assets or liability,
                        either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
     Level 3            Fair value is estimated using inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data.

2021                                                         Note               Level 1           Level 2             Level 3             Total
Fair value assets                                                                 $                 $                    $                  $
Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                              15
comprehensive income - investment in equities                                             -                   -           401,086            401,086

2020                                                                            Level 1           Level 2             Level 3             Total
Fair value assets                                                                 $                 $                    $                  $
Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                              15                          -                   -           237,389            237,389
comprehensive income - investment in equities

Refer to the note annotated for more detail on the valuation methodology.




                                                                           51
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 7: OTHER EXPENSES

7.1 Realised losses on bonds sold

During the year the Group purchased listed corporate and local government bonds totaling $4,718,617 to diversify the liquid assets held by
the Group into longer term fixed interest investments. The bonds were designated at fair value through other comprehensive income upon
initial recognition. When worldwide inflation expectations and long-term interest rates started to increase, the Group then determined to
divest from these investments. A loss of $190,085 was realised from the bonds sold during the 2021 Financial Year due to the bond value
movements. Interest income of $35,267 was earned from the bonds during the year ended 31 March 2021. The bonds were all sold by 31
March 2021. There were no bond investments made during the prior year ended 31 March 2020.


7.2 Other operating expenses

Included in other expenses are the following amounts:                                                       2021              2020
                                                                                                              $                 $
Directors fees                                                                                                 177,833           152,808

Auditors Remuneration
- Audit and other assurance services
     - Audit of financial statements                                                                           144,375           121,800
     - Audit of quarterly trustee certificates                                                                   3,623             3,623
- Other Services
     -Taxation compliance                                                                                       14,392             9,592
Total remuneration paid to auditors                                                                            162,390           135,015



NOTE 8: TAXATION

8.1 Income tax
                                                                                                            2021              2020
                                                                                                              $                 $
Net operating profit / (loss) before taxation                                                                  120,733           190,463

Income tax (expense) / benefit at prevailing rates                                                             (33,805)          (53,330)
Tax impact of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                          (6,142)           (7,577)
Over-provision of tax in prior year                                                                                980                  -
Taxation expense per the statement of comprehensive income                                                     (38,967)          (60,907)
Comprising:
 - Current tax                                                                                                 (69,885)          (75,230)
 - Deferred tax                                                                                                 30,918            14,323
                                                                                                               (38,967)          (60,907)


8.2 Deferred tax asset
                                                                                                            2021              2020
                                                                                                              $                 $
Balance at beginning of year                                                                                    96,004            38,408
(Charged) / credited to profit or loss
Increase / (decrease) in impairment loss provision                                                               7,664            15,400
Increase / (decrease) in accrued expenses                                                                       (2,043)           (1,077)
Increase / (decrease) in lease liability                                                                        89,442                  -
Increase / (decrease) in unearned income                                                                        18,035                  -
Increase / (decrease) in right of use asset                                                                    (82,180)                 -
                                                                                                                30,918            14,323
(Charged) / credited to other comprehensive income
Changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                     -            43,273
                                                                                                               126,922            96,004



                                                                    52
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 8: TAXATION (CONTINUED)

Deferred tax attributed to:                                                              2021            2020
                                                                                           $               $
Deferred tax assets:
Impairment loss provision                                                                   38,088          30,424
Accrued expenses                                                                            20,264          22,307
Fair value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income           43,273          43,273
Lease Liability                                                                             89,442               -
Unearned income                                                                             18,035               -
                                                                                           209,102          96,004
Deferred tax liabilities
Right of use assets                                                                          82,180                 -

Net deferred tax assets                                                                    126,922          96,004

8.3 Imputation credit account
                                                                                         2021            2020
                                                                                           $               $
Balance at beginning of year                                                                 93,220          73,232
Tax Paid                                                                                     18,942          19,988
Withholding tax deducted from interest received                                               4,868               -
Tax Refund Received                                                                          (1,072)              -
                                                                                            115,958          93,220



NOTE 9: EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                2021            2020
                                                                                                Cents           Cents
Basic earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders                            0.05            0.08
Diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders                          0.05            0.08

                                                                                         2021            2020
Basic earnings per share                                                                   $               $
Profit / (loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company used in
calculating basic earnings per share:                                                        81,766        129,556
Profit / (loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company used in
calculating diluted earnings per share:                                                      81,766        129,556

                                                                                         2021            2020
                                                                                        Number          Number
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
basic earnings per share                                                                161,657,561     159,603,804
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
diluted earnings per share                                                              161,657,561     159,603,804




                                                                         53
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 10: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                            2021              2020
                                                                                                              $                 $
Cash                                                                                                                 -            20,000
Bank call deposits                                                                                           3,842,267         6,842,241
Bank term deposits (original maturity of less than 183 days)                                                 3,450,000         5,700,000
                                                                                                             7,292,267        12,562,241

Bank term deposits (original maturity of greater than 183 days)                                              3,000,000                  -
                                                                                                             3,000,000                  -

Interest Rates:       On Call: Between 0.00% and 0.50% (March 2020: Between 0.00% and 1.60%).
                      Bank term deposits:
                      - Less than 183 days: Between 0.80% and 1.05% (March 2019: Between 2.40% and 2.75%).
                      - Greater than 183 days: Between 1.60% and 1.85% (March 2020: None).



NOTE 11: LOAN RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                            2021              2020
                                                                                                              $                 $
First mortgage advances                                                                                     54,351,134        33,806,493
Second mortgage advances                                                                                       107,822           349,917
Combined first and second mortgage advances1                                                                          -        1,033,456
                                                                                                            54,458,956        35,189,866
Less deferred fee income and expenditure                                                                      (612,146)         (225,360)
Less impairment allowance                                                                                     (136,029)         (108,657)
Net carrying value                                                                                          53,710,781        34,855,849


Current portion                                                                                             40,292,033        31,009,328
Non-current portion                                                                                         13,418,748         3,846,521
                                                                                                            53,710,781        34,855,849

Primary loan security
Residential housing                                                                                         46,751,105        29,382,682
Residential bare land                                                                                        4,607,409         1,902,826
Residential development property                                                                                     -         3,904,358
Commercial property2                                                                                         3,100,442                 -
                                                                                                            54,458,956        35,189,866

1
 Loan advance secured by first mortgage over one property and second mortgage over another property. Classified as a second mortgage
for the purposes of calculating General Finance Limited's (subsidiary entity) capital ratio in accordance with the Deposit Takers (Credit
Ratings, Capital Ratios, and Related Party Exposures) Regulations 2010.

2
 The Group commenced lending on commercial properties during the current financial year ended March 2021. The Group’s lending policy
allows for a maximum of 30% of total lending to be secured over commercial properties (5.7% at 31 March 2021).



Loan receivables represent loans at commercial interest rates. Current loan receivables are contractually repayable within 12 months. Non-
current loan receivables are contractually repayable within 12 months to 3 years of balance date.

At year end there was $1,316,486 in outstanding loan commitments including future capitalised interest (March 2020: $742,412).

Interest rate: Between 5.45% and 16.50% (2020: Between 7.05% and 16.50%).
Effective interest rate: Between 5.79% and 18.73% (2019: Between 10.04% and 20.34%).
For loans that are in default, additional interest of up to 10% is charged.




                                                                   54
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 11: LOAN RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

The core lending activity of the Group is providing, through a broker network, short term and bridging finance secured by mortgage over
residential property. The majority of loans are entered into with a maturity date within 12 months, with a proposal that repayment will be
funded by the sale of the secured property or through refinancing by the borrower. The Group’s lending policy allows for a maximum “loan
to security value” of 75% (excluding fees and charges) on advances.

At balance date, 25.0% (March 2020: 37.1%) of loans by number and 29.2% (March 2020: 31.6%) by value represent loans that have been
rolled over and are into their second or subsequent credit periods. Where loans have been rolled over, their classification in these
consolidated financial statements as current or non-current, or as past due, is based on payment due dates as per the terms of the extended
contract, and not as per the original or preceding contract.

Borrower payment terms are profiled as follows:
                                                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                                                                   $                  $
Interest only paid monthly                                                                                       44,299,684         29,098,627
Interest capitalised                                                                                             10,159,272          6,091,239
Total loan receivables                                                                                           54,458,956         35,189,866



Loan fees (for all loans) and interest (for capitalised interest loans) are capitalised to the loan balances when charged and recognised over
the life of the loans using the effective interest method. The associated cash is received when the loans are repaid (or partially repaid).
Income recognised during the financial year from amounts capitalised to loan receivables were as follows:

                                                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                                                                   $                  $
Interest income                                                                                                     537,839            282,068
Loan Fees                                                                                                           795,481            427,987
Total                                                                                                             1,333,320            710,055


Reconciliation of gross loan receivable balance movements through ECL stages:

                                                                                           Lifetime ECL       Lifetime ECL
                                                                         12 month           not credit            credit
                                                                            ECL              impaired           impaired             Total
                                                                              $                  $                  $                  $
Balance as at 31 March 2019                                                17,460,269                  -                  -         17,460,269
New loan advances                                                          30,848,719                  -                  -         30,848,719
Repayments                                                                (13,119,122)                 -                  -        (13,119,122)
Transfer to lifetime not credit impaired                                     (610,369)           610,369                  -                  -
Transfer to lifetime credit impaired                                         (905,956)                 -            905,956                  -
Balance as at 31 March 2020                                                 33,673,541           610,369            905,956         35,189,866
New loan advances                                                           52,166,464                 -                  -        52,166,464
Repayments                                                                  (31,381,049)        (610,369)          (905,956)       (32,897,374)
Transfer to lifetime not credit impaired                                     (1,302,341)       1,302,341                  -                  -
Balance as at 31 March 2021                                                 53,156,615         1,302,341                     -     54,458,956




                                                                       55
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 11: LOAN RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

Reconciliation of movements in impairment allowance by stage:

                                                                                            Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL
                                                                          12 month           not credit             credit
                                                                             ECL              impaired            impaired             Total
                                                                              $                   $                   $                  $
Balance as at 31 March 2019                                                     53,658                   -                   -             53,658
New loan advances                                                               95,252                   -                   -             95,252
Repayments                                                                     (40,253)                  -                   -            (40,253)
Transfer to lifetime not credit impaired                                        (1,885)              1,885                   -                  -
Transfer to lifetime credit impaired                                            (2,797)                  -               2,797                  -
Balance as at 31 March 2020                                                    103,975               1,885               2,797           108,657
New loan advances                                                              161,076                   -                   -           161,076
Repayments                                                                      (96,896)            (1,885)             (2,797)         (101,578)
Transfer to lifetime not credit impaired                                         (3,256)             3,256                   -                 -
Movement due to reduction in ECL %                                              (32,126)                 -                   -           (32,126)
Balance as at 31 March 2021                                                    132,773               3,256                     -         136,029

In instances where the probability of default has increased significantly (a significant increase in credit risk), or where the loan is in default,
the expected credit loss (or loss given default) may not increase significantly due to the Group’s lending criteria which prohibits lending
when the loan to valuation ratio (LVR) exceeds 75%. This means in general that the Group expects that the present value of expected cash
flows from a loan in default to approximate the carrying value of the loan prior to the default event, except in cases where the LVR has
increased considerably due to a reduction in the security property valuation or a significant increase in the loan balance.

The LVR of loans with a significant increase in credit risk or in default was in a range of 53.9% - 63.0% as at 31 March 2021 (44.9% - 64.3% as
at 31 March 2020), based on the security property valuation at origination.



NOTE 12: INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES
                                                                                                                   Ownership Interest Held
Subsidiary                                                                                                         2021             2020
Corporate Holdings Limited (CHL)                                      Holding company                             100.0%           100.0%
General Finance Limited                                               Finance                                     100.0%           100.0%
Investment Research Group Limited                                     Research and advisory                       100.0%           100.0%
Commercial and General Finance Limited                                Dormant                                     100.0%           100.0%
General Finance & Investments Limited                                 Dormant                                     100.0%           100.0%
General Finance & Leasing Limited                                     Dormant                                     100.0%           100.0%
General Leasing Limited                                               Dormant                                     100.0%           100.0%
General Loan and Finance Limited                                      Dormant                                     100.0%           100.0%
Mykco Limited (previously named General Capital Limited)              Dormant                                     100.0%           100.0%

All subsidiaries have a 31 March balance date.




                                                                        56
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 13: LEASES

Right of use assets                                                                                      Office Premises
                                                                                                          and Carparks
                                                                                                                 $
As at 1 April 2019                                                                                                     -
As at 31 March 2020                                                                                                   -
Additions                                                                                                       305,729
Depreciation                                                                                                    (12,229)
As at 31 March 2021                                                                                             293,500



Lease Liability                                                                                               2021             2020
                                                                                                                $                $
Balance at beginning of year                                                                                          -                  -
Additions                                                                                                       305,729                  -
Accretion of interest                                                                                             1,478                  -
Payments                                                                                                              -                  -
Total loan receivables                                                                                          307,207                  -


Current                                                                                                         149,195                  -
Non-current                                                                                                     158,012                  -
                                                                                                                307,207                  -


The Group entered into a two-year office premises and carpark lease with a commencement date of 1 March 2021. The lease is for a term of
two years and includes four further rights of renewal of six months each. Management do not expect the renewal rights to be exercised as
the Group is expected to grow in size and headcount over the next two years and as such will require a larger office premises. Accordingly,
the extension periods have not been included in the lease term in the calculation of the lease liability. The undiscounted potential future
rental payments relating to these extension periods which are not included in the lease term total $326,041.


The Group had a lease obligation from 1 March 2021. In the period up to 28 February 2021 and in the prior year ended 31 March 2020, the
Group paid a share of office premises lease costs to Moneyonline Limited, a related company. There was no formal agreement in place in
relation to this arrangement. Costs were allocated monthly based on the office space utilised by the Company. The costs are included in
occupancy costs in the statement of comprehensive income, and further information on related party transactions can be found in note 18.




NOTE 14: INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                           Bartercard
                                                                                                Trade
                                                         Goodwill           Licences          Dollars          Software               Total
                                                               $                   $                $                 $                  $
Year ended 31 March 2020
Opening net book amount                                2,350,730           277,000           591,178             47,648         3,266,556
Additions                                                      -                 -            13,988              4,444            18,432
Disposals                                                      -                 -           (215,384)                -          (215,384)
Amortisation charge                                            -                 -                  -           (22,793)          (22,793)
Closing net book amount                                2,350,730           277,000            389,782            29,299         3,046,811


At 31 March 2020
Cost                                                   2,350,730            277,000           389,782            70,293         3,087,805
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                        -                  -                 -           (40,994)          (40,994)
Net book amount                                        2,350,730            277,000           389,782            29,299         3,046,811




                                                                    57
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 14: INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                           Bartercard
                                                                                                Trade
                                                         Goodwill           Licences          Dollars          Software              Total
                                                               $                   $                $                 $                 $
Year ended 31 March 2021
Opening net book amount                                2,350,730           277,000            389,782            29,299         3,046,811
Additions                                                      -                 -             11,858                 -            11,858
Disposals                                                      -                 -           (108,873)                -          (108,873)
Amortisation charge                                            -                 -                  -           (23,431)          (23,431)
Closing net book amount                                2,350,730           277,000            292,767             5,868         2,926,365


At 31 March 2021
Cost                                                   2,350,730            277,000           292,767            70,293         2,990,790
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                        -                  -                 -           (64,425)          (64,425)
Net book amount                                        2,350,730            277,000           292,767             5,868         2,926,365



Impairment testing for cash-generating units (CGU) containing brands and licences

Goodwill
Allocated to the finance CGU                                                                                  1,323,729         1,323,729
Allocated to the research and advisory CGU                                                                    1,027,001         1,027,001
                                                                                                              2,350,730         2,350,730


Licences with an indefinite useful life
Allocated to the finance CGU                                                                                    247,000           247,000
Allocated to the research and advisory CGU                                                                       30,000            30,000
                                                                                                                277,000           277,000


The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill and indefinite life licences are outlined above. Goodwill primarily relates to growth
expectations, expected future profitability and the workforce of the CGU's. Management have assessed that there is no foreseeable limit to
the period of time over which the goodwill and licences are expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group and as such they have been
assessed as having an indefinite useful life.


The recoverable amount of the CGUs has been determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use pre-tax cash flow
projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five year period. Cash flows beyond the five year period are
extrapolated using the estimated long term growth rates stated below. The growth rate does not exceed the long term average for the
products, industries or country in which the CGUs operate. For each of the CGU's with goodwill and indefinite life licences, the key
assumptions, long term growth rate and discount rate used in the value in use calculations are as follows.


Finance CGU
Pre-tax free cash flows to equity holders (FCFE) have been forecasted based on growth in the non-bank deposit taking / residential lending
business within the current constraints of the licence / trust deed. The forecasted growth in net cash flows is driven primarily by the net
interest and fee margin from forecasted growth in deposit funding and the loan book. For reference purposes, pre-tax FCFE was $309,804
(2020: $613,698). Significant expenditure has been incurred since the business was purchased by the Group to ensure that the business has
the capacity and resources to allow for the growth.




                                                                    58
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 14: INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

31 March 2021 Assumptions                            Total Assets     Total Liabilities     Revenue          Expenditure           FCFE
Year one growth assumptions                                  24.1%               21.6%             36.5%             17.1%           303.6%1
Year two growth assumptions                                  28.0%               29.9%             27.9%             22.1%              51.0%
Year three growth assumptions                                26.2%               27.3%             27.0%             23.6%              38.1%
Year four growth assumptions                                 21.9%               22.1%             23.8%             19.6%              35.7%
Year five growth assumptions                                 21.7%               21.7%             22.0%             18.3%              31.3%


Terminal growth beyond year 5                                                     2.0%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                            13.9%

1
 Anticipated growth in FCFE is large ($303.6%) compared to the anticipated growth in assets (24.1%). This is because March 2021 FCFE was
impacted by high reserves of cash held during that year due to the uncertainty around the Covid-19 pandemic and realised losses on bonds
sold in that year. In addition to this, due to the nature of finance businesses, the benefits of the balance sheet growth in the 2021 financial
year are not fully realised until the following year (for instance the expected interest income from new lending).



31 March 2020 Assumptions                            Total Assets   Total Liabilities       Revenue          Expenditure           FCFE
Year one growth assumptions                                   -6.5%            -7.8%             18.1%               27.1%            -24.0%
Year two growth assumptions                                  55.5%            63.4%              24.0%               21.3%              45.6%
Year three growth assumptions                                41.3%            43.9%              49.1%               35.6%            137.2%
Year four growth assumptions                                   6.3%              5.0%            19.7%               15.1%              37.1%
Year five growth assumptions                                   6.1%              4.8%             5.9%                4.4%              10.6%

Terminal growth beyond year 5                                                     2.0%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                            13.0%

In assessing the impairment of the goodwill and licences in the finance CGU, a sensitivity analysis for reasonable possible changes in
assumptions was performed. This included decreasing and increasing the years 1-5 forecasted cash flows (based on the above growth
assumptions) by 25%, decreasing and increasing the terminal growth rate by 0.5%, and decreasing and increasing the discount rate by 1%.
These reasonably possible changes in assumptions did not result in an impairment to the CGU (2020: the same sensitivity analysis did not
result in an impairment to the CGU).


Research and advisory CGU
Pre-tax free cash flows to the firm (FCFF) has been forecasted based on expected revenue and expenditure growth in the research and
advisory business.



                                                                                                           Working Capital
31 March 2021 Assumptions                                              Net Revenue        Expenditure       Movements          Pre-tax FCFF
Actual 31 March 2021 year2                                                   392,635          (123,357)               7,446          276,724
Forecast 2022                                                                353,545          (181,467)                   -          172,079
Forecast 2023                                                                358,849          (184,189)                   -          174,660
Forecast 2024                                                                364,231          (186,952)                   -          177,280
Forecast 2025                                                                369,695          (189,756)                   -          179,939
Forecast 2026                                                                375,240          (192,602)                   -          182,638

Terminal growth beyond year five                                                  1.5%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                            16.3%




                                                                      59
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 14: INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

2
 $72,000 of the pre-tax FCFF in the 31 March 2021 year as displayed above relates to amounts received in shares for advisory fees, net of
amounts paid in shares for commission expense. These have been included in pre-tax FCFF on the basis that the research and advisory CGU
is not in the business of holding shares despite the Group's election to do so and hence the shares could have been sold at fair value on the
date they were received. Should this amount not be included as a cash flow, then pre-tax FCFF would instead be $204,724 for the 31 March
2021 year. There is no impact on the future year forecasts, nor on the impairment assessment in respect of this.




                                                                                                            Working Capital
31 March 2020 Assumptions                                              Net Revenue         Expenditure       Movements3         Pre-tax FCFF
Actual 31 March 2020 year                                                    132,062           (152,586)          (116,022)          (136,546)
Forecast 2021                                                                337,834           (175,935)            91,151            253,050
Forecast 2022                                                                342,901           (178,574)                  -           164,327
Forecast 2023                                                                348,045           (181,252)                  -           166,793
Forecast 2024                                                                353,265           (183,971)                  -           169,294
Forecast 2025                                                                358,564           (186,731)                  -           171,833

Terminal growth beyond year five                                                  1.5%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                            15.5%

3
 In the March 2020 year, there was an increase in receivables (working capital) due to billings late in the financial year. This was expected to
be received in the 2021 financial year, hence the corresponding working capital decrease in the 2021 forecast.


The forecasted cash flows in the March 2021 and March 2020 impairment analysis include assumptions around the probability of achieving
certain milestones in the two contracts that exist at 31 March 2020 as well as expectations around sourcing future advisory contracts and
the expected resulting cashflows.

In assessing the impairment of the goodwill and licences in the research and advisory CGU, a sensitivity analysis for reasonable possible
changes in assumptions was performed. This included decreasing and increasing the years 1-5 forecast cash flows by 100%, decreasing and
increasing the terminal growth rate by 0.5%, and decreasing and increasing the discount rate by 1%. A reduction in forecasted cash flows by
100% would result in an impairment of $1,057,001 (2020: $1,057,001) to the CGU. An increase in the discount rate by 1% would result in an
impairment of $43,498 (2020: no impairment) to the CGU. The other sensitivity movement did not result in an impairment (2020: no
impairment) to the CGU.


Management have determined that a 100% reduction in forecasted cash flows is a reasonably possible change. This is because the cash
flows of the research and advisory group rely most significantly on securing and completing one or more advisory projects per year. Should
this not be achieved, then the net cash flows of the CGU may be breakeven or negative (net cash outflow) in the forecast years. The forecast
has been developed based on historical performance and current advisory opportunities. As at the date of signing there are no known
adverse factors which would impact on the ability of the CGU to achieve the forecasts.

Bartercard trade dollars
Bartercard trade dollars comprise the balance of Bartercard Trade Dollars on hand at period end net of accumulated impairment losses.

For the years ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021 it was determined that the fair value less costs of disposal of the Bartercard trade
dollars was equivalent to the carrying value of the assets. Fair value less costs of disposal was determined based on the fact that all market
participants (being other Bartercard members) accept the terms and conditions of Bartercard which stipulate that a Bartercard Trade Dollar
is equivalent to a New Zealand dollar at the date of exchange in respect of future purchases or goods and services. In addition, as there are
no significant disposal costs associated with settling transactions in Bartercard trade dollars, management have determined that the fair
value less costs of disposal are equal to the carrying value of bartercard trade dollars.




                                                                      60
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 15: INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                Note               2021                2020
                                                                                                                     $                   $
Investment in Barter Investments Limited                                                          18                   35,321              37,389
Investment in Sports & Education Corporation Limited                                              18                        -                   -
Investment in Cannabis and Bioscience Corporation Limited                                         18                 265,581             200,000
Investment in Greenfern Industries Limited                                                        18                 100,184                    -
                                                                                                                     401,086             237,389

Investment in Barter Investments Limited
The 4.82% stake in Barter Investments Limited is held by Investment Research Group Limited. The investment in the unlisted investment
holdings company is classified as a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income. This equity is not quoted in an active
market. The fair value of this equity security is based on the Group's share of the entity's net assets at reporting date as reported in the
entity's financial statements (valuation technique). The majority of the entity's assets and liabilities are reported in their financial statements
at either their fair value or their carrying value which approximates their fair value (the significant unobservable inputs). The inter-
relationship between key unobservable inputs and fair value measurement is that an increase / (decrease) in the net assets would increase /
(decrease) the fair value of the investment. A loss of $2,068 has been recognised in other comprehensive income during the year in relation
to the fair value of the investment (2020: a gain of $1,451).


Investment in Sports & Education Corporation Limited
The 0.96% stake in Sports & Education Corporation Limited (SEC) is held by Investment Research Group Limited and was acquired in late
March 2019 as a portion of revenue for the completion of an advisory project. The investment in the Unlisted Securities Exchange (USX)
listed company which owns various brands in the international sports and education sectors is classified as a financial asset at fair value
through other comprehensive income. The equity securities are quoted on the Unlisted Securities Exchange in New Zealand, however there
has not been significant trading activity in the securities since it was listed in December 2018.

Fair value of SEC investment as at 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021
SEC was put into a trading halt on the USX on 1 August 2019 pending the release of its March 2019 Annual Report which still has not been
released up to the date of signing these financial statements. When compiling the 31 March 2020 financial statements, the Group
determined that the uncertainty inherent in the future cash flows of the investment were so significant that it was unlikely that a market
participant would pay a material amount for the equity stake held by the Group. The Group therefore determined that a risk adjustment of -
100% per share (a significant unobservable input) be applied (March 2021: -100%). This resulted in a fair value of $nil as at 31 March 2020
(March 2021: $nil). The inter-relationship between the key unobservable input and fair value measurement is that an increase / (decrease)
in the risk adjustment (an increase being a higher discount) would (decrease) / increase the fair value of the investment. A fair value loss of
$154,545 before tax was recognised in other comprehensive income during the 31 March 2020 financial year in relation to the fair value of
the investment (March 2021: No fair value movements recognised).


Investment in Cannabis and Bioscience Corporation Limited
The 17.3% (March 2020: 16.3%) equity stake in Cannabis and Bioscience Corporation Limited (CBC) was acquired for the payment of
$200,000 bartercard trade dollars in January 2020 and a further payment of $75,000 bartercard trade dollars in April 2021. CBC is an
unlisted investment holdings company and is a related party by virtue of common directorship as described in note 18. The investment has
been classified as a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income.

Fair value of CBC investment as at 31 March 2020
The fair value of the investment was estimated by Management to be $0.08 per share as at 31 March 2020 with reference to the
subscription price that the Group paid for CBC's shares and with reference to other third party subscriptions at the same price leading up to
and subsequent to 31 March 2020. The subscription price was set based on expectation of returns from the underlying early stage
investments within CBC. The probability weighted compound annual growth rate of the investments is 14.9%, expected to be realised over a
5 year investment period and discounted back at a risk-adjusted discount rate of 24.5%. No amounts were recognised in other
comprehensive income during the year ended 31 March 2020 in relation to fair value movements of the investment.

Inter-relationship between the key unobservable inputs and fair value measurement:
- a decrease in the compound annual growth rate (over the 5 year investment period) by 5% combined with an increase in the risk adjusted
discount rate by 2% would decrease the fair value by $40,000.
- an increase in the compound annual growth rate (over the 5 year investment period) by 5% combined with a decrease in the risk adjusted
discount rate by 2% would increase the fair value by $50,000.




                                                                        61
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 15: INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)

Fair value of CBC investment as at 31 March 2021
The fair value of this equity security is based on the Group's share of the entity's net assets at reporting date as reported in the entity's
financial statements, net of a discount for illiquidity of 20% (valuation technique). The majority of the entity's assets and liabilities are
reported in their financial statements at either their fair value or their carrying value which approximates their fair value (the significant
unobservable inputs). A loss of $9,419 has been recognised in other comprehensive income during the year in relation to the fair value of
the investment (2020: $nil).

Inter-relationship between the key unobservable inputs and fair value measurement:
- an increase / decrease in the illiquidity discount by 10% would decrease / increase the fair value of the investment by $33,000.

Investment in Greenfern Industries Limited
50,092 shares (representing a 0.56% stake) in Greenfern Industries Limited (Greenfern) were acquired by the Group during the 31 March
2021 year. 40,000 shares were acquired as payment of advisory fees and 4,000 of those shares were transferred to the Managing Director in
accordance with his contract (also refer note 18). A further 14,092 shares were also acquired for $2 per share.

The investment in the unlisted investment holdings company is classified as a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
income. This equity is not quoted in an active market.

Management has estimated the fair value of the equity securities based on the transaction price for sales of Greenfern shares of the same
class at dates which approximate the date the shares were acquired by the group and at 31 March 2021 year end (valuation technique). A
crowdfunding was carried out by Greenfern in late 2020 at a price $2 per share which raised approximately $2.9m. Greenfern management
have also advised the Company that further shares have been sold since that date at the same price (the significant unobservable inputs).
Management have therefore assessed the fair value of the shares at $2 per share. The inter-relationship between key unobservable inputs
and fair value measurement is that an increase / (decrease) in the transaction price for the shares would increase / (decrease) the fair value
of the investment. No amounts have been recognised in other comprehensive income during the year in relation to the fair value of the
investment (2020: $nil).


NOTE 16: TERM DEPOSITS

                                                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                                                                  $                     $
Gross term deposit liability                                                                                   57,929,500            41,520,102
Less deferred commission expenditure                                                                               (66,316)              (69,605)
Net carrying value                                                                                             57,863,184            41,450,497


Contractual repayment terms:
On call                                                                                                            30,151               364,006
Within 12 months                                                                                               37,888,692            26,053,028
Greater than 12 months                                                                                         19,944,341            15,033,463
                                                                                                               57,863,184            41,450,497

Repayment Terms:               On call up to 5 years
Interest Rate:                 2.40% - 6.75% and 0.15% on call (March 2020: 3.10% - 6.75% and 1.00% on call)
Effective Interest Rate:       2.40% - 6.75% and 0.15% on call (March 2020: 3.10% - 6.75% and 1.00% on call)
Security:                      First ranking security interest over the assets and undertakings of General Finance Limited in favour of the
                               Trustee (subject only to any prior security interests permitted by the Trust Deed and preferential claims given
                               priority by operation of law).

The Group has a total of 545 depositors as at 31 March 2021 (March 2020: 471). As at balance date, the largest deposit the Group has is
$3,030,499 (March 2020: $1,401,819) which represents 5.23% (March 2020: 3.38%) of total deposits. As at balance date the largest
aggregate deposits under a single deposit holder totals $4,057,508 (March 2020: $4,763,337) which represents 7.00% (March 2019: 11.47%)
of total deposits and have a weighted average maturity date of 3.74 months from balance date (March 2020: 3.10 months from balance
date). The largest deposit holder at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020 is a director of the Company (refer to note 18).




                                                                      62
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 16: TERM DEPOSITS (CONTINUED)

Further analysis of gross deposit funding is as follows:

Concentration of funding                                                                                    2021           2020
                                                                                                              $              $
Northland                                                                                                   1,263,690      1,331,034
Auckland                                                                                                   28,588,679     17,905,252
Waikato                                                                                                     4,375,175      3,350,350
Bay of Plenty                                                                                               5,519,679      4,259,303
Wellington                                                                                                  5,261,156      2,696,853
Other North Island                                                                                          3,310,551      2,892,174
South Island                                                                                                4,654,659      3,496,951
Overseas *                                                                                                  4,955,911      5,588,185
Total gross term deposit liability                                                                         57,929,500     41,520,102


*The largest deposit holder resides overseas and is a director of the Company (refer to note 18).

Contractual maturity of funding                                                                            2021           2020
                                                                                                             $              $
Maturing in 0 - 6 months                                                                                   17,701,862     12,872,122
Maturing in 6 - 12 months                                                                                  20,238,363     13,561,058
Maturing in 12 - 24 months                                                                                 17,850,727     11,171,206
Maturing after 24 months                                                                                     2,138,548      3,915,716
Total gross term deposit liability                                                                          57,929,500     41,520,102

Profile of deposit holders                                                  2021             2021          2020           2020
                                                                                               $                            $
Deposits over $200,000                                                        63             34,500,730      38           19,755,073
Deposits $100,000 - $200,000                                                  58              8,322,533      62            8,892,406
Deposits $50,000 - $100,000                                                  121              8,527,002     102            7,040,426
Deposits $20,000 - $50,000                                                   153              4,987,325     135            4,360,750
Deposits $10,000 - $20,000                                                    77              1,109,070      70            1,017,019
Deposits under $10,000                                                        73                482,840      64              454,428
Total gross term deposit liability                                           545             57,929,500     471           41,520,102


Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                           Opening                                       Opening
                                                                           Balance         Financing      Non-cash        Balance
                                                                            1 April       Cash Flows      Changes1       31 March
                                                                               $               $             $               $
For the year ended 31 March 2021
Term deposits                                                               41,520,102       16,320,142        89,256     57,929,500
Total                                                                       41,520,102       16,320,142        89,256     57,929,500


For the year ended 31 March 2020
Term deposits                                                               14,928,161       26,393,382       198,559     41,520,102
Total                                                                       14,928,161       26,393,382       198,559     41,520,102

1
    Non-cash changes relate to the movement in unpaid interest in the term deposit balance.




                                                                      63
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 17: EQUITY

                                                                                   2021                               2020
                                                        Note              Number             $               Number               $
Ordinary shares                                          (a)              162,873,779       10,249,211       161,655,643         10,176,204

(a) Ordinary shares                                                                                              Ordinary shares
                                                                                                             Number              $
Balance at 1 April 2019                                                                                      153,845,313        9,573,495
Ordinary shares issued on 30 September 2019 - exercise of GENWA Warrants1                                      7,083,296           548,955
Ordinary shares issued on 30 September 2019 - exercise of GENWB Warrants1                                            354                32
Ordinary shares issued on 31 March 2020 - exercise of GENWA Warrants1                                            721,292            55,900
Ordinary shares issued on 31 March 2020 - exercise of GENWB Warrants1                                              5,388               485
Transaction costs arising on shares issued
                                                                                                                         -           (2,663)
                                                                                                                7,810,330           602,709
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                                                      161,655,643        10,176,204
Ordinary shares issued on 15 April 2020 - exercise of GENWA Warrants2                                               2,000                155
Ordinary shares issued on 31 March 2021 - Share Placement3                                                      1,216,136            76,009
Transaction costs arising on shares issued                                                                              -            (3,157)
                                                                                                                1,218,136            73,007
Balance at 31 March 2021                                                                                      162,873,779        10,249,211

All ordinary shares rank equally and entitle the holder to participate in dividends and to share in the proceeds of winding up the Company in
proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. One vote is attached to each fully-paid ordinary share. Shares have no
par value. The Company was listed on the NZAX, the secondary market of the New Zealand Stock Exchange up to 1 July 2019, the date it
migrated to the NZX main board.

1
    The following warrants were exercised during the 31 March 2020 Financial year.
        -7,083,296 GENWA Warrants were exercised on 30 September 2019 at $0.0775 per warrant for a total exercise price of $548,955. This
        included 6,630,780 GENWA warrants exercised by Key Management Personnel for a total exercise price of $513,885 (refer to note 18).
        -354 GENWB Warrants were exercised on 30 September at $0.09 per warrant for a total exercise price of $32.
        -721,292 GENWA Warrants were exercised on 31 March 2020 at $0.0775 per warrant for a total exercise price of $55,900.
        -5,388 GENWB Warrants were exercised on 31 March 2020 at $0.09 per warrant for a total exercise price of $485.

2
2,000 GENWA Warrants were exercised on 31 March 2021 at $0.0775 per warrant for a total exercise price of $155. The Group allowed the
minor parcel warrants to be exercised after the 31 March 2020 expiry date (on 15 April 2020) as the exercise form was received late due to
mail delays.

3
 On 31 March 2021, the Company issued 1,216,136 shares at 6.25 cents per share on 31 March 2021 under a placement to a wholesale
investor.




                                                                     64
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 17: EQUITY (CONTINUED)


(b) Warrants                                                                 GENWA Warrants                       GENWB Warrants
                                                                          Number          $                    Number          $
Balance at 1 April 2019                                                  153,845,313                      -     307,690,626               -
                                                      2
Exercise of GENWA Warrants - 30 September 2019                            (7,083,296)                     -                -              -
Exercise of GENWB Warrants - 30 September 20192                                     -                     -            (354)              -
Exercise of GENWA Warrants - 31 March 20202                                 (721,292)                     -                -              -
Exercise of GENWB Warrants - 31 March 20202                                         -                     -          (5,388)              -
Warrants lapsed on expiry date3                                        (146,038,725)                                       -              -
Issue of GENWB warrants to directors and senior managers - 25
June 2019 (note 19)                                                                    -                  -      12,650,000          4,672
Issue of GENWB warrants to directors and senior managers - 17
January 2020 (note 19)                                                                -                   -         400,000          2,231
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                          2,000                   -     320,734,884          6,903
Exercise of GENWA Warrants - 15 April 20202                                      (2,000)                  -               -              -
Balance at 31 March 2021                                                               -                  -     320,734,884          6,903



A tender process was settled on 30 September 2019 for 7,778,542 GENWA warrants and 15,557,084 GENWB warrants that had originally
been issued to a holding account in relation to the warrant issue on 11 December 2018 described above. The GENWA warrants were sold to
tenderers for total proceeds of $4,068 and the GENWB shares were sold for total proceeds of $4,718. As part of this transaction, 7,540,601
GENWA warrants were purchased by Key Management Personnel for total proceeds of $3,013 and 15,357,084 GENWB warrants were
purchased by Key Management Personnel for total proceeds of $3,068.

2
    Refer to Note 17(a) for further details on warrants exercised.

(c) Reserves
                                                                                           Financial Assets   Share-based       Total
                                                                                              at FVOCI         payments        Reserves
                                                                          Notes                   $                $              $
Balance at 1 April 2019                                                                            (14,862)               -        (14,862)
Revaluation of financial assets at FVOCI                                    15                    (153,094)               -       (153,094)
Income tax arising on revaluation of financial assets at FVOCI               8                       43,273               -          43,273
Share-based payment expense                                                 19                            -           6,903           6,903
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                                          (124,683)           6,903       (117,780)
Revaluation of financial assets at FVOCI                                    15                     (11,487)               -        (11,487)
Balance at 31 March 2021                                                                          (136,170)           6,903       (129,267)




                                                                     65
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 18: RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS

Major shareholders, directors, directors of subsidiaries and closely related persons or entities to them are considered related parties of the
Group.

The Group had dealings with the following related parties during the reporting periods:

Related party                                     Relationship
Directors (Refer to Director Profiles)            Directors
Alistair Ward                                     Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited) - up to 16 September 2019
Donald Hattaway                                   Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited)
Garth Ward                                        Director of Subsidiary (Corporate Holdings Limited) - up to 14 September 2019
Gregory Pearce                                    Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited)
Robert Hart                                       Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited)
Almond Draw Limited                               Common Director - up to 14 September 2019
Barter Investments Limited                        Common Director
Borneo Capital Limited                            Common Director
Campbell MacPherson Limited                       Common Director
Cannabis & Bioscience Corporation Limited         Common Director
Ellice Tanner Hart Limited                        Common Director
Equity Investment Advisers Limited                Common Director
Moneyonline Limited                               Common Director
Pegasus Golf Limited                              Common Director with Sports & Education Corporation Limited2 (parent company of
                                                  Pegasus Golf Limited)
Sports & Education Corporation Limited2           Common Director

Related party receivables:                                                                                       2021               2020
                                                                                                                   $                  $
Cannabis & Bioscience Corporation Limited                                                                             96,735            79,823
Moneyonline Limited                                                                                                   14,133                 -
                                                                                                                     110,868            79,823

Related party payables:                                                                                          2021               2020
                                                                                                                   $                  $
Brent King                                                                                                             5,145                 442
Equity Investment Advisers Limited                                                                                     5,084               2,126
Moneyonline Limited                                                                                                        -                 357
                                                                                                                      10,229               2,925


The above amounts payable to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

Other related party balances:
                                                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                                                                   $                  $
Term deposits held by directors and subsidiary directors                                                          4,708,940          5,623,275




                                                                      66
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 18: RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

Transactions with related parties                                                                             2021              2020
Related Party                 Type                 Transaction                                                  $                 $
Key Management Personnel
(KMP)1                        Expense              Short term Remuneration3, 4                                   655,384              645,043
                                                   Interest paid or capitalised on term deposits held by
                                 Expense           KMP or their family members                                   165,939              177,859
                                 Expense           Recharge of expenses                                           70,823              107,075
Almond Draw Limited              Expense           Consultant fees                                                     -                7,500
Ellice Tanner Hart Limited       Expense           Legal Fees                                                      3,510                7,692
Equity Investment Advisers       Expense           Recharge of salary costs                                       65,005               57,676
Limited                          Expense           Brokerage paid                                                 62,241               79,984
                                 Expense           Recharge of expenses                                                -                4,830
                                 Contra expense    Recharge of salary costs                                        2,643                    -
                                 Revenue           Advertising, commission and other revenue                      14,240                1,500
Moneyonline Limited              Expense           Recharge of expenses3                                         117,546              132,576
                                 Expense           Recharge of salary costs                                        2,625                    -
Pegasus Golf Limited2            Revenue           Fees and interest capitalised to loan balance                       -               15,506
Cannabis & Bioscience
Corporation Limited              Revenue           Advisory fees                                                     9,488             91,151

1
    Key Management Personnel (KMP) includes the Company’s directors, subsidiary company directors, and the Chief Financial Officer.

2
 Since 30 November 2018, the date Sports & Education Corporation Limited became a related party by virtue of common directorship. The
related party relationship ceased on 10 October 2019.
3
$32,000 (March 2020: $17,000) of the Managing Director's short term remuneration is paid to Moneyonline Limited on behalf of the
Managing Director and accordingly is included in two related party categories above.
4
 $8,000 (March 2020: $nil) of the Managing Director's short term remuneration was settled by the transfer of 4,000 Greenfern Industries
Limited shares, also refer to note 15.

Other related party transactions:

As detailed in note 17(a), 6,630,780 GENWA warrants were exercised by Key Management Personnel on 30 September 2019 for a total
exercise price of $513,885.
As detailed in note 17(b), 7,540,601 GENWA warrants were purchased by Key Management Personnel for total proceeds of $3,013 and
15,357,084 GENWB warrants were purchased by Key Management Personnel for total proceeds of $3,068 on 30 September 2019.


During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group paid $75,000 Bartercard Trade Dollars (March 2020: $200,000 Bartercard Trade Dollars) to
acquire shares in Cannabis & Bioscience Corporation Limited. Refer to note 15.

During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group purchased listed corporate and local government bonds totaling $4,718,617 (March 2020:
$nil) and sold listed corporate and local government bonds for net proceeds totaling $4,545,768 (March 2020: $nil) via Equity Investment
Advisers Limited. Brokerage of $7,188 was charged by Equity Investment Advisers Limited in relation to these trades (March 2020: $nil).



NOTE 19: SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

(a) Warrants issued to directors and senior managers

An issue of up to 20 million GENWB warrants to directors and senior managers, to be allocated at the Board's discretion, was approved by
shareholders at a special meeting dated 29 November 2018.

The issue of warrants provides long-term incentives for directors and senior managers to deliver long-term shareholder value.




                                                                       67
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 19: SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)

The warrants have the same terms as GENWB warrants that were issued to shareholders in December 2018. They are exercisable on or
before 30 November 2021 at 9.00 cents per share for each warrant held.

During the year ended 31 March 2020, a total of 13,050,000 warrants were issued to Directors and Senior Managers, 12,650,000 on 25 June
2019 and a further 400,000 on 17 January 2020. No warrants were issued to Directors and Senior Managers in the year ended 31 March
2021

                                                                                                            Directors' and Senior Managers'
                                                                                                                        Warrants1
                                                                                                               Number          Fair Value $
Balance at 1 April 2019                                                                                                    -                  -
Issue of GENWB warrants to directors and senior managers - 25
June 2019                                                                                                        12,650,000              4,672
Issue of GENWB warrants to directors and senior managers - 17
January 2020                                                                                                        400,000              2,231
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                                                         13,050,000              6,903
Balance at 31 March 2021                                                                                         13,050,000              6,903

1
 The above table only includes GENWB warrants issued to Directors and Senior Managers in respect of their services provided to the Group.
It excludes any warrants that were issued to Directors and Senior Managers pro rata with other shareholders in respect of their shareholding
at 11 December 2018 (refer to note 17). For details of Directors transactions and balances in shares and warrants refer to Shareholder and
Statutory Information.



Fair value of warrants issued to directors and senior managers

The fair value at grant date of warrants issued is determined using the Black Scholes Model that takes into account the exercise price, the
term of the warrant, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield, the risk
free interest rate for the term of the warrants.

Inputs into model                                                                                                   Warrants Issued
                                                                                                               25-Jun-19        17-Jan-20
Warrants issued                                                                                                  12,650,000           400,000
Exercise price per warrant                                                                                        9.00 cents        9.00 cents
Share price at grant date                                                                                         6.00 cents        8.00 cents
Expected price volatility of the Company's shares2                                                                   15.13%            20.00%
Risk free interest rate                                                                                               0.84%             0.99%
Fair value per warrant                                                                                         0.0369 cents       0.5576 cents
Total fair value of warrants issued3                                                                       $         4,672 $            2,231

2
  The expected price volatility is based on the historical volatility of the shares and adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility.
Transactions in GENWB Warrants (which are also listed on the NZX) have also been considered when determining the expected price
volatility of the Company's shares at grant date.
3
  The fair value of warrants on grant date is recorded as a share-based payments expense included within personnel expenses in the
Statement of Comprehensive Income and in reserves (refer note 17(c)).




                                                                      68
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 20: RECONCILIATION OF NET SURPLUS WITH CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                        Note             2021              2020
                                                                                                           $                 $
Net profit / (loss) after tax                                                                                81,766            129,556

Adjustment for non-cash and other items
Movement in allowance for expected credit losses                                                              27,372           54,999
Modification gain - loans receivable                                                                        (86,489)                -
Deferred tax movement through profit or loss                                             8                  (30,918)         (14,323)
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                 40,516           27,237
Realised losses on bonds sold                                                            7.1                190,085                 -
Fair value of warrants issued to directors and senior managers                           19                        -            6,903
Income received in non-cash financial assets                                                                (80,000)                -
Expenses paid in non-cash financial assets                                                                     8,000                -

Adjustment for movements in working capital
(Increase) / decrease in loan receivables (net advances)                                                (18,407,676)     (17,091,608)
(Increase) / decrease in accrued interest on loans receivable                                                 (9,226)       (112,604)
(Increase) / decrease in capitalised loan fees                                                             (501,550)        (306,999)
(Increase) / decrease in capitalised interest                                                              (293,661)        (213,292)
(Increase) / decrease in accounts receivable                                                                    2,690            3,292
(Increase) / decrease in related party receivable                                                           (31,045)         (79,823)
(Increase) / decrease in prepayments and other current assets                                                174,786        (151,679)
(Increase) / decrease in prepaid commission                                                                     3,289        (41,901)
(Increase) / decrease in bartercard trade dollars1                                                            22,015             1,396
Increase / (decrease) in income tax payable                                                                   46,879           54,147
Increase / (decrease) in deferred income                                                                     421,281           95,954
Increase / (decrease) in interest payable                                                                     89,256          198,558
Increase / (decrease) in related party payable                                                                  8,782          (5,017)
Increase / (decrease) in accounts and other payables                                                          83,368           72,757
Net cash (outflow) / inflow from operating activities                                                   (18,240,480)     (17,372,447)

1
 Movement is net of $75,000 bartercard trade dollars (March 2020: $200,000 bartercard trade dollars) used for acquisition of an equity
investment (note 15).




                                                                  69
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

NOTE 21: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group has no material commitments (other than loan receivables commitments in the ordinary course of business as described in note
11) or contingent liabilities at reporting date (2020: none).

NOTE 22: EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE

 -   Note 4.1 of these financial statements described the impact of the ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic which occurred before 31
     March 2021 and continues as at the date of the signing of these financial statements.

There has been no other matter or circumstance, which has arisen since reporting date that has significantly affected or may significantly
affect:
  - the operations, in financial years subsequent to reporting date, of the Group, or
  - the results of those operations, or
  - the state of affairs, in financial years subsequent to reporting date, of the Group.




                                                                   70
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


General Capital Limited ("the Company") is a listed company on the NZX Main Board. Prior to 1 July 2019 the Company was listed on the
New Zealand Alternative Market (NZAX).


The Company had two classes of quoted financial products on issue during the year ended 31 March 2021.

Ordinary shares
All ordinary shares rank equally with one vote attached to each ordinary share. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends
and the proceeds on the winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of shares held.


GENWB Warrants
Warrants are exercisable on or before 30 November 2021 at 9.00 cents per share for each warrant held. Warrants do not have any voting
rights attached to them, nor do they have any entitlement to participate in dividends or the proceeds on the winding up of the Company.




LARGEST HOLDERS OF QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS (as at 18 June 2021)

Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                          Ordinary Shares
Rank      Registered Holder                                                                                                         %
                                                                                                               Held
1         Borneo Capital Limited                                                                               42,249,755               25.94%
2         Brent Douglas King                                                                                   21,948,650               13.48%
3         CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                                            16,270,000                9.99%
4         Belian Holdings Limited                                                                              12,377,869                7.60%
5         Owen Arvind Daji                                                                                      7,030,463                4.32%
6         Grant Keith Baker & Donna Jean Baker & Lewis Thomas Grant                                             6,511,945                4.00%
7         Stephen John Sinclair & Jacqueline Margaret Sinclair & Roger Frederick Wallis                         6,290,524                3.86%
8         John Tomson                                                                                           6,289,722                3.86%
9         Bruce Gregory Speers & Fiorano Trust Limited                                                          5,486,863                3.37%
10        Harrigens Trustees Limited                                                                            4,663,977                2.86%
11        Syed Hizam Alsagoff                                                                                   4,000,000                2.46%
12        Barter Investments Limited                                                                            3,562,470                2.19%
13        Zhenhua Qian                                                                                          3,030,303                1.86%
14        New Zealand Depository Nominee Limited                                                                2,255,364                1.38%
15        Garth William Ward                                                                                    1,672,455                1.03%
16        Sii Yih Ting                                                                                          1,480,000                0.91%
17        Koon Weng Lee                                                                                         1,291,325                0.79%
18        Justin Andrew Cunningham & Andrew Mark Scott                                                          1,241,239                0.76%
19        Satinder Singh Sandhu                                                                                 1,216,136                0.75%
20        Chu Kian Then                                                                                         1,170,408                0.72%
                                                                                                              150,039,468               92.12%




                                                                     71
                                                     GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


LARGEST HOLDERS OF QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS (as at 18 June 2021) (continued)

GENWB Warrants
                                                                                                         GENWB
Rank      Registered Holder                                                                                              %
                                                                                                       Warrants Held
1         Borneo Capital Limited                                                                          82,780,222         25.81%
2         Brent Douglas King                                                                              53,897,300         16.80%
3         CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                                       32,540,000         10.15%
4         Belian Holdings Limited                                                                         18,755,738          5.85%
5         Owen Arvind Daji                                                                                14,060,926          4.38%
6         Bruce Gregory Speers & Fiorano Trust Limited                                                    13,023,890          4.06%
7         Grant Keith Baker & Donna Jean Baker & Lewis Thomas Grant                                       13,023,890          4.06%
8         Harrigens Trustees Limited                                                                      13,023,890          4.06%
9         Stephen John Sinclair & Jacqueline Margaret Sinclair & Roger Frederick Wallis                   12,581,048          3.92%
10        John Tomson                                                                                     12,579,444          3.92%
11        Syed Hizam Alsagoff                                                                              8,000,000          2.49%
12        Jonathan Brian Vijay Clark                                                                       6,505,232          2.03%
13        Zhenhua Qian                                                                                     6,060,606          1.89%
14        Barter Investments Limited                                                                       5,771,022          1.80%
15        Garth William Ward                                                                               3,744,910          1.17%
16        Justin Andrew Cunningham & Andrew Mark Scott                                                     3,274,000          1.02%
17        Robert Garry Hart & Sarah Dawn Wilkinson-Hart & Eth (Wilkinson-Hart) Trustees Limited            2,081,482          0.65%
18        Casrom Trustee Company Limited                                                                   1,642,890          0.51%
19        Yada Holdings No 1 Limited                                                                       1,140,000          0.36%
20        Gregory John Pearce                                                                              1,000,000          0.31%
                                                                                                         305,486,490         95.25%



SPREAD OF FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (as at 18 June 2021)

Ordinary Shares
                                                                    Number of                            Number of
Size of Holding                                                                           %                              %
                                                                   Shareholders                        Ordinary Shares
1 - 1,999                                                                    504               68.4%            30,144      0.0%
2,000 - 4,999                                                                 27                3.7%            78,533      0.0%
5,000 - 9,999                                                                 66                9.0%           486,029      0.3%
10,000 - 49,999                                                               63                8.5%         1,473,439      0.9%
50,000 - 99,999                                                               22                3.0%         1,424,714      0.9%
100,000 - 999,999                                                             35                4.7%         9,341,452      5.7%
1,000,000 - 9,999,999                                                         16                2.2%        57,193,194     35.1%
10,000,000 and over                                                            4                0.5%        92,846,274     57.1%
                                                                             737              100.0%       162,873,779   100.00%


Geographic Spread
New Zealand                                                                  631               85.5%      153,917,198      94.5%
Malaysia                                                                      68                9.2%        8,144,466       5.0%
Rest of World                                                                 38                5.2%          812,115       0.5%
                                                                             737               99.9%      162,873,779    100.00%




                                                                  72
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


SPREAD OF FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (as at 18 June 2021) (continued)

GENWB Warrants
                                                                  Number of Product                       Number of GENWB
Size of Holding                                                                              %                                 %
                                                                      Holders                                Warrants

1 - 1,999                                                                       500               79.1%            34,074          0.0%
2,000 - 4,999                                                                     8                1.3%            28,724          0.0%
5,000 - 9,999                                                                     7                1.1%            40,172          0.0%
10,000 - 49,999                                                                  44                7.0%           834,946          0.3%
50,000 - 99,999                                                                  12                1.9%           842,930          0.3%
100,000 - 999,999                                                                41                6.5%        13,467,548          4.2%
1,000,000 - 9,999,999                                                            10                1.6%        39,220,142         12.2%
10,000,000 and over                                                              10                1.6%       266,266,348         83.0%
                                                                                632              100.0%       320,734,884       100.00%


Geographic Spread
New Zealand                                                                     627               99.2%       318,948,816         99.4%
Rest of World                                                                     5                0.8%         1,786,068          0.6%
                                                                                632              100.0%       320,734,884       100.00%



SUBSTANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (at 31 March 2021)

The following information is provided pursuant to section 293 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

As at 31 March 2021 the following shareholders are registered by the company as Substantial Product Holders in the Company, having
disclosed a relevant interest in quoted voting products under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.


                                                                                                            % of voting
                                                                                                            (ordinary)
                                                                                                             shares at      GENWB
                                                                                      Ordinary Shares      balance date     Warrants

Borneo Capital Limited                                                                     42,249,755             25.94%     82,780,222
Brent Douglas King                                                                         21,948,650             13.48%     53,897,300
CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                                  16,270,000              9.99%     32,540,000
Belian Holdings Limited                                                                    12,377,869              7.60%     18,755,738
                                                                                           92,846,274                       187,973,260




                                                                    73
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                                SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION AND OTHER BENEFITS

                                                                                                                                Other
                                                                                                              Directors Fees Remuneration1
                                                                                                                    $             $
Rewi Hamid Bugo                                                                                                       30,000               -
Brent Douglas King1                                                                                                   20,000       188,552
Huei Min Lim                                                                                                          20,000               -
Graeme Iain Brown                                                                                                     20,000               -
Simon John McArley                                                                                                    25,000               -
                                                                                                                     115,000       188,552


1
 Other remuneration paid to Brent King comprises salaries and other benefits paid to Brent King in his capacity as Managing Director of
General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries. Brent King's other remuneration is broken down further as follows:



                                                                                                                                       $
        Base salary                                                                                                                     136,990
        Car allowance                                                                                                                    12,000
        Bonus                                                                                                                             7,000
        Cashed up annual leave                                                                                                            6,321
        Commission2                                                                                                                      26,241
                                                                                                                                        188,552



        Other entitlements of the Managing Director:
        2
         Brent King is entitled to a commission payment of 10% of all fee income earned by the Group. For the avoidance of doubt, this
        excludes any fees earned by General Finance Limited in relation to its lending business.

        Brent King is also entitled to a profit share of 8% of any amount by which the Group's net profit after tax exceeds the benchmark for
        that year. That benchmark is the total equity of the Group at the commencement of the year, multiplied by the Official Cash Rate (set
        by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand) plus 10% per annum. These amounts are to be paid quarterly based on estimates calculated by
        the Group Chief Financial Officer. During the year ended 31 March 2021, there were no such payments made to the Managing Director.




DIRECTORS DEALINGS IN QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS DURING THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                             Financial
                                                                                             Products          Consideration
                                  Date of                                                   Acquired /       (received) / paid
                                  Transaction       Financial Product                       (disposed)               $         Relevant Interest


Brent Douglas King1               25/06/2019        GENWB Warrants                               2,000,000             Note 2            Note 1



Relevant Interests
1
    Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Brent Douglas King being a director of Barter Investments Limited (the registered holder).

Other notes
2
On market trades made between 20 July 2020 and 28 July 2020 for total proceeds of $20,749 at prices between $0.007 and $0.024 per
warrant sold.




                                                                        74
                                                     GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


DIRECTORS QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDINGS AT 31 MARCH 2020

                                                                                                                           GENWB
                                                                                                       Ordinary Shares     Warrants

Rewi Hamid Bugo1                                                                                            42,249,755       82,780,222
Brent Douglas King2                                                                                         21,948,650       53,897,300
Brent Douglas King3                                                                                          3,562,470        5,771,022
Graeme Iain Brown4                                                                                          12,377,869       18,755,738
Huei Min Lim                                                                                                    33,590          600,000
Simon John McArley5                                                                                             40,000                -
Simon John McArley6                                                                                                  -          600,000
                                                                                                            80,212,334      162,404,282
Relevant Interests
1
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Rewi Hamid Bugo owning more than 20% of the voting products of Borneo Capital Limited (the
registered holder).
2
  Brent Douglas King as the registered holder and beneficial owner.
3
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Brent Douglas King being a director of Barter Investments Limited (the registered holder).
4
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Graeme Iain Brown owning more than 20% of the voting products of Belian Holdings Limited (the
registered holder).
5
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Simon John McArley being a trustee of the Prospect Road Family Trust, the beneficial owner of the
shares issued by Prospect Road Investments Limited (the registered holder).
6
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Simon John McArley owning more than 20% of the voting products of Beaconsfield Nominees Limited
(the registered holder).



OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS HELD BY DIRECTORS

Rewi Hamid Bugo
Aventura Properties Limited                    Didi Motorcycles Sdn Bhd              Rekaruang Sdn Bhd
Bay of Islands Property Limited                Era Malindo Sdn Bhd                   Santubong Properties Sdn Bhd
Borneo Capital Limited                         Gading Kapital Sdn Bhd                Santubong Suites Sdn Bhd
Borneo Investments Limited                     Ik Chin Travel Services (K) Sdn Bhd   Sara Gemilang Sdn Bhd
Corporate Holdings Limited                     Lamacipta Sdn Bhd                     Sarasiana Holdings Sdn Bhd
General Capital Limited                        Made It Media Sdn Bhd                 Sego Holdings Sdn Bhd
Global Dominance Limited                       Mesti Perkasa Sdn Bhd                 Space Craft Sdn Bhd
Inlet Contractors Limited                      Pacific Unit Sdn Bhd                  Strategen Services Sdn Bhd
Inlet Estate Limited                           Parklane Properties Sdn Bhd           Telagamas Shoji Sdn Bhd
Sego Holdings (NZ) Limited                     Petra Jaya Properties Sdn Bhd         Telaga Air Resourses Sdn Bhd
Selwyn Residential Limited                     PJP Dua Sdn Bhd                       Thriven Global Berhad
Billion Jasa Sdn Bhd                           Profile Equity Sdn Bhd                Transnational Insurance Brokers (M) Sdn Bhd
Delima Pelita Sdn Bhd                          Property Plus Marketing Services      Trombol Resort Sdn Bhd
Didi Resources Sdn Bhd                         Sdn Bhd                               Warble Resources Sdn Bhd
Didi Automotive Sdn Bhd                        Reignvest Corporation Sdn Bhd

Graeme Iain Brown
Aventura Properties Limited                    Keresa Plantations Sdn Bhd            Sarawakiana Holdings Sdn
Belian Holdings Limited                        Keresa Sdn Bhd                        Sarawakiana Leisure Sdn Bhd
General Capital Limited                        Malesiana Tropicals Sdn Bhd           Sarawakiana Management Sdn Bhd
Alkaz Sdn Bhd                                  Pascali Sdn Bhd                       Sarawakiana Realty Sdn Bhd
Asian Acids Pte Ltd                            Pesaka Energy Solutions Sdn Bhd       Tera Management Sdn Bhd
Asian Corn Sdn Bhd                             PFS Energy (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd         Waddell Holding Sdn Bhd
Borneo Plant Technology Sdn Bhd                Premier Space Sdn Bhd                 Waddell Holdings Pte Ltd
Grand Evermore Sdn Bhd                         Pro-Formula Sdn Bhd                   Yun Ming Wood Industries Sdn Bhd
Keresa Mill Sdn Bhd                            Rajang Wood Sdn Bhd




                                                                   75
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                            SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS HELD BY DIRECTORS (Continued)

Brent Douglas King
A.I.S. Limited                                   Equity Investment Advisers Limited                     King Capital & Investment Corporation Limited
Askridge Holdings Limited                        General Capital Limited                                Kohaus Limited
Barter Investments Limited                       General Finance Limited                                Moneyonline Limited
Cannabis & BioScience Corporation Limited        General Finance & Leasing Limited                      Mykco Limited
CBC Manuka Limited                               General Finance & Investments Limited                  Sharechat.co.nz Limited
CBC Greenfern Limited                            General Leasing Limited                                Snowdon Peak Investments Limited
CBC Tetramed Limited                             General Loan & Finance Limited                         Red Hot Investments Limited
Commercial and General Limited                   Greenfern Industries Limited
Corporate Holdings Limited                       Investment Research Group Limited




Huei Min Lim
General Capital Limited                          Restaurant Brands New Zealand Limited
Hartajaya Investments Limited                    Asia New Zealand Foundation
Kaya Investments Limited                         Auckland Regional Amenities Funding Board

Simon John McArley
Auckland Radiology Group Partnership
Beaconsfield Nominees Limited
General Capital Limited
Prospect Road Investments Limited
Prospect Road Services Limited



EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION

During the year ended 31 March 2020, the number of employees or former employees of the Group not being directors of General Capital
Limited (but including Executive Directors of Subsidiaries), who received remuneration and other benefits in their capacity as employees, the
value of which exceeded $100,000 for the year was as follows:


                                                                                                               Number of Employees
Remuneration Range                                                                                             2021           2020
$100,000 - $109,999                                                                                              1              0
$110,000 - $119,999                                                                                              0              0
$120,000 - $129,999                                                                                              0              0
$130,000 - $139,999                                                                                              0              0
$140,000 - $149,999                                                                                              0              0
$150,000 - $159,000                                                                                              0              0
$160,000 - $169,999                                                                                              0              2
$170,000 - $179,999                                                                                              1              0


NZX WAIVERS

As part of relief given to listed entities impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, a class waiver was issued by the NZX and Financial Markets
Authority in relation to periodic reporting requirements. The class waiver included:
- A waiver from rules 3.5.1 and 3.6.1 in relation to the normal due dates for release of Results Announcements and Annual Reports, provided
the results announcement is released within 90 days from the end of the financial year and the Annual Report is released within 5 months of
the end of the financial year and other conditions are met.
The above class waiver was relied on by the Company in relation to the release of its 31 March 2020 Results Announcement and Annual
Report.


Further details on class waivers issued by the NZX can be found on the NZX website.




                                                                     76
                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                              CORPORATE DIRECTORY




REGISTERED OFFICE:   General Capital Limited
                     Level 8, General Capital House
                     115 Queen Street
                     Auckland 1010
                     New Zealand

                     PO Box 1314
                     Shortland Street
                     Auckland 1010
                     New Zealand

                     Email:             info@gencap.co.nz
                     Web:               www.gencap.co.nz
                     Phone:             (09) 526 5000



AUDITOR:             Baker Tilly Staples Rodway
                     Level 9, Tower Centre
                     45 Queen Street
                     Auckland CBD
                     Auckland 1010

SHARE REGISTER:      Computershare Investor Services Limited
                     Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Road
                     Takapuna
                     Auckland 0622

BANKERS:             Bank of New Zealand
                     ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited
                     ASB Bank Limited
                     Westpac New Zealand Limited
                     Heartland Bank Limited




                                         77
I
RGI
  nves
     tment
         Yea
           rbook




I
nves
   tmentRes
          ear
            chGr
               oup



I
RGisares
       ea r
          chhouseandi
                    tisal
                        soa rm ofI
                                 nves
                                    tmentBanker
                                              s.
I
RGisanNZXS pons
              or.ManagementofI
                             RGhaveli
                                    stedcompani
                                              esandorbeena
Di
 rect
    orofcompaniesonal
                    lEqui
                        tyBoar
                             dsofNZX.Thi
                                       sincl
                                           udes
                                              :NZSX,
                                                   NZAX,
NCM,NXT.
