General Capital Limited
Annual Report
For the year ended 31 March 2020




Contents


Directors’ Profiles                                           2-3

General Finance Directors and Executive                        4

Directors’ Report                                             5-9

Corporate Governance Statement                              10-20

Independent Auditors’ Report                                21-26

Consolidated Financial Statements:

         Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income       27

         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position         28

         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity          29

         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                 30

         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements     31-73

Shareholder and Statutory Information                       74-80

Corporate Directory                                           81




                                                        1
Directors’ Profiles


                              REWI HAMID BUGO B.Sc., M.Com.
                              Non-Executive Chairman
                              Rewi Hamid Bugo has been a Non-executive Director of General Capital Limited
                              since 13 June 2017 and was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors following
                              the acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited in August 2018. Mr Bugo is a
                              graduate of the University of Canterbury, Christchurch, where he obtained a
                              Bachelor of Science in Management Science and a Master of Commerce in
                              Business Administration. He has business experience in several sectors including
                              oil and gas, property development, insurance broking and travel and tourism.

Mr Bugo sits on the Board of several private companies in Malaysia and New Zealand and is Vice Chairman of
the Sarawak Chapter of the Malaysia New Zealand Chamber of Commerce.




                                BRENT DOUGLAS KING, BCom, CA, CMA, RFA
                                Managing Director

                                Brent Douglas King has been the Managing Director of General Capital Limited
                                and its subsidiaries since 3 August 2018. Prior to that date, Mr King was a non-
                                executive Director since 30 September 2011. He was also the founder and
                                Managing Director of the Dorchester Group of Companies for seventeen (17)
                                years until he resigned in 2005. He holds a number of public and private
                                directorships. He has more than twenty-five (25) years’ experience in financial,
                                investment banking, underwriting, capital raising and accounting areas and has
                                assisted a number of public and private companies.




                                HUEI MIN LIM, LLB (Hons), MNZM, CMInstD
                                Non-executive Independent Director

                                Huei Min Lim (also known as Lyn Lim) is a Non-Executive Director of General
                                Capital Limited and has been since 21 December 2011. Lyn Lim is also on the
                                boards of the Auckland Regional Amenities Funding Board and Restaurant
                                Brands New Zealand Limited. She is also a trustee of the Asia New Zealand
                                Foundation.

                                 Lyn has also served on the boards of Auckland University of Technology (AUT),
                                 the New Zealand Shareholders' Association, Public Trust, the New Zealand
China Trade Association, the Hong Kong and New Zealand Business Association, was the Chair of the New
Zealand Chinese Youth Trust and held the positions of Trustee, Deputy Chair and Chair of Foundation North. She
has been a member of ANZ Private Bank External Advisory Board and has served as a council member of the
Auckland District Law Society Inc. In 2017, Lyn was appointed as a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit
for her services to New Zealand-Asia relations and governance. Lyn is a Chartered Member of the New Zealand
Institute of Directors, a member of the New Zealand Law Society and a member and Vice Chair of the Women
in Business Committee of the Inter Pacific Bar Association.




                                                      2
Directors’ Profiles (Continued)


                               GRAEME IAIN BROWN BCom
                               Non-executive Independent Director
                               Graeme Iain Brown is a graduate of the University of Otago where he obtained a
                               Bachelor of Commerce. He has over 20 years’ experience in the Malaysian
                               plantation industry. He has been the Managing Director of Keresa Plantations
                               Sdn. Bhd. since 1997. Keresa Plantations is one of just a few RSP0 certified
                               plantations in Sarawak. Graeme also founded Keresa Mill Sdn. Bhd. in 2005, which
                               has been a pioneer in the successful implementation of advanced milling
                               technologies for FFB processing. Graeme was also a co-founder in 2007 and joint
                               Chief Executive Officer of Asian Plantations Limited, which was sold to a
                               Malaysian corporation for RM1.2 billion in 2015.

Graeme has been an Executive Director of Sarawakiana Realty Sdn. Bhd., a property company, since 1996, and
Malesiana Tropicals Sdn. Bhd., a tissue culture company, since 2000 as well as being a Director of several private
companies, including Rajang Wood Sdn. Bhd., a plantation holding company, since 1996.




                                 SIMON JOHN McARLEY LLB(Hons)
                                 Non-executive Independent Director
                                 Simon John McArley graduated from Victoria University, Wellington in 1984
                                 with an LLB (Hons). Simon is a lawyer by training who specialises in corporate
                                 governance and risk.

                                 After almost 20 years in private practice with Kensington Swan, specialising in
                                 banking and securities law, Simon took up regulatory positions with NZX as
                                 acting Head of Regulation and the (then) Securities Commission as acting
                                 Director Primary Markets. Simon went on to join the Serious Fraud Office (SFO)
as General Manager Capital Markets and Corporate Fraud in 2011 where he had responsibility for the successful
investigation and prosecution of finance sector fraud uncovered by the GFC. After 12 months as acting Director
of the SFO, Simon left the SFO in late 2013 and has since been consulting with government and private sector
entities on governance and risk management issues. Simon has also held governance positions with commercial
and not for profit entities. Simon is a member of the New Zealand Law Society. Simon is also a keen sailor and
has extensive coastal and blue water experience.




                                                        3
General Finance Directors and Executive

                              DONALD FREDERICK HATTAWAY CA, ACIS
                              General Finance Limited Chairman and Independent Non-Executive Director

                              Don is a member of the Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand
                              (CAANZ) and has practised as a Chartered Accountant in public practice since
                              1980. He retired as a Partner in Price Waterhouse in 1996 and has specialised in
                              acting for small or medium sized enterprise businesses since then often fulfilling
                              the role of finance director for those companies. Don was the Chairman of listed
                              banking software technology company Finzsoft Solutions Ltd. Don is a previous
                              Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Auckland Cricket Association.

He is a Director of Sietec (NZ) Limited and has held a previous public company directorship with Cooks Global
Foods Ltd as well as directorships with a number of private companies


                              ROBERT GARRY HART LLB (Hons) Waikato University (1998), PG Dip
                              Management.
                              General Finance Limited Independent Non-Executive Director

                              Rob is a director of Waikato law firm Ellice Tanner Hart, who has practised law
                              for 16 years. In this role he has wide experience acting on finance and security
                              related matters involving various tiers of lenders. He also advises clients on
                              governance and insolvency related matters. Rob was previously a director of New
                              Zealand Cricket Incorporated and is currently deputy chair of Balloons Over
                              Waikato Trust which annually stages Waikato’s largest event.

Rob is a member of the New Zealand Sports Tribunal and has held directorships with a number of private
companies.


                              GREGORY JOHN PEARCE B.Com.
                              General Finance Limited Executive Director
                              Greg is a lending and credit specialist having held roles with large companies
                              (Telecom and Air New Zealand) and a senior role with Dorchester Finance Limited
                              being General Manager Lending and Credit from 1997 to 2008. Since that time,
                              he has consulted and contracted to receivers in relation to loan recoveries.




                              JONATHAN CLARK BCom, CA
                              General Capital Limited Chief Financial Officer
                              Jonathan is a Chartered Accountant and has been a member of the Chartered
                              Accountants Australia and New Zealand (CAANZ) since 2013. He has over 9 years
                              post-university working experience, including several years working on statutory
                              external audit engagements for a chartered accounting firm and other accounting
                              and finance roles for listed and unlisted companies.




                                                       4
Directors’ Report
The year to 31 March 2020 was a very positive year for General Capital Limited (“the Company”) and subsidiaries
(together “the Group”). We have seen strong growth in the Group.

Due to the looming Covid-19 crisis we slowed a little over late February and for March; however, the overall
growth in the year was strong.

In the Directors’ report on page 8 of last year’s Annual Report we set out the following objectives for the year
ended 31 March 2020:

➢   Increase total assets for the group to $50m      ACHIEVED         Total assets were $51.2m
➢   Increase total deposits to $38m                  ACHIEVED         Total Deposits were $41.5m
➢   Increase Capital to $12m                         NOT ACHIEVED     Total Capital was $9.4m
➢   Achieve a NPBT of $300k for the year             NOT ACHIEVED     NPBT was $190k

➢   To consider an acquisition in the second 6-months of the financial year.

We considered a number of acquisitions. After initial due diligence we came to the conclusion that none were
value for money and none would have increased the value of General Capital. We instead focused on organic
growth.

We didn’t hit all the objectives, but the Group made good progress.

All Shareholders will know the financial year ended in unprecedented circumstances. The lockdown created a
lack of confidence and effectively cost the Group around five weeks of normal trading. The result is that the big
targets (Assets and Deposits) were achieved and we built up significant cash to be able to meet all obligations
without any stress. We could have survived at least another twelve months without any cash inflows.

Raising lower capital than expected had an impact on profitability. We had issued warrants to shareholders
which we had expected to be exercised. Unfortunately, the exercise rate was exceptionally low, and we did not
receive the inflow we had expected.

This is disappointing for General Capital but is understandable as the issues around Covid-19 and lockdown
were foremost in investors’ minds. We will continue to consider options for capital raising over this year.


1.0 Recent History

We had a busy year building the Group.

The major items were as follows:
    • 14 Jun 2019          Preliminary Results announced showing strong Growth
    • 18 Jun 2019          New CFO appointed for the Group
    • 25 Jun 2019          Warrants issued to Directors and Staff
    • 01 Jul 2019          Migration to the Main Board
    • 30 Aug 2019          Annual Meeting held all resolutions carried
    • 16 Sep 2019          General Finance receives a BB- credit Rating with a positive outlook.
    • 4 Nov 2019           Warrant tender process undertaken for non-eligible shareholders
    • 19 Nov 2019          6-monthly Results announced showing further strong Growth
    • 24 Jan 2020          General Finance Credit Rating confirmed
    • 31 Mar 2020          GENWA Warrants Final Exercise Date - notice of securities issued given 2/4/20




                                                        5
Directors’ Report (Continued)

2.0 Result to 31 March 2020

The results for this financial year show the results of building the business.

We have had growth in virtually all aspects of the Group. The major factors are as follows:

    •    Total Assets                UP 114% to $51.2m
    •    Net Revenue                 UP 48% to $2.0m
    •    Term Deposits               UP 178% to $41.5m
    •    Cash                        UP 326% to $12.6m
    •    Net Profit after tax        UP 128% to $130k



                                   Figure 1: Balance Sheet Growth
55,000                                                                                                     51,164
52,500
50,000
47,500
45,000                                                                   41,782
42,500
40,000
37,500
35,000
32,500
30,000
27,500
25,000                                                                                            23,908
22,500
20,000
17,500                                                          15,155
15,000
12,500                   8,753   9,382
10,000
 7,500
 5,000                                                                                    1,081
 2,500            954                                 127
    -
                       Equity ($000)                    Total Liabilities ($000)            Total Assets ($000)
                            Mykco - 31 March 2018          GCL - 31 March 2019    GCL - 31 March 2020
   31 March 2019 and 31 March 2020 figures are extracted from the audited financial statements of General Capital
   Limited (GCL). 31 March 2018 figures are extracted from the 31 March 2018 audited financial statements of Mykco
   Limited. Refer to the notes to the financial statements for further details.



In summary, we are profitable, and we have had excellent growth. We are one of the exceptions. Companies
with high growth often cannot get near breakeven let alone achieve profits.


3.0 Accounts

The Auditors have completed their Audit and they are satisfied on all aspects bar one. The exception is the
carrying value of the goodwill and licenses allocated to our research and advisory cash generating unit (the
business of Group subsidiary, Investment Research Group Limited, “IRG”). The Auditors have concluded they
have insufficient audit evidence to support the assumptions we have made in valuing IRG and are thus unable
to determine if any adjustment to our figures are necessary.




                                                            6
Directors’ Report (Continued)

The valuation of IRG is based on an estimation of the forecast earnings of the business over the next 5 years,
discounted at an appropriate rate. This involves complex and subjective estimation and judgement. It is not an
exact science and is always open to differing interpretations and uncertainties. In particular it is very hard to be
certain of the future cash flows an asset, like IRG will produce. That is the reality of this business, particularly at
this point of the economic cycle.

While we understand the Auditors reasoning, there are a number of factors outside strict audit evidence that
we believe justify the value we have adopted. For example:

        For the first time IRG has two signed mandates in place at the beginning of the financial year, as well as
         the prospect of further advisory work during the year. This reflects the strong networks the business
         has built that are now bearing fruit.
        IRG has only been under General Capital’s ownership and governance for a short time. During that time
         significant management resource has been devoted to the finance company. With the finance company
         now on track, more focus can now move to growing IRG.
        While the current economic outlook is uncertain, the structural disruption we are experiencing in the
         economy is likely to enhance demand for the small scale and innovative capital raising IRG specialises
         in.
        The current valuation is supported by the independent appraisal conducted at the time of purchase of
         the business.

Based on the above and after carefully reviewing the history of the business and projections for the next 5-
years, the Directors believe that the carrying value of the asset is not impaired at 31 March 2020.

We will of course review the carrying value each 6-months to ensure that the Directors still believe the value is
appropriate based on the expected future cash flows from the business.

We have no doubt that there will be differing approaches between Auditors and Directors during these uncertain
times. The valuation challenges mentioned above are magnified by uncertainty in the wider economy. We
however believe in being positive and optimistic about the future. The challenges we face will provide greater
opportunity. The Directors believe it would be premature to simply write off IRG because of uncertainty, given
the many positive factors discussed above. That would not give the Shareholders a fair representation of the
value.


4.0 General Finance Limited

General Finance is the obvious star of the Group.

General Finance has the benefit of most of the Group’s capital and most of the resources. It has been a highly
successful year in all regards. The growth has now made the business into a profitable entity. We have been able
to increase market awareness of our products and to increase management support. General Finance has had
to bear increased costs such as the costs of obtaining a credit rating this year. We are now well past “critical
mass” and continued growth will add net revenue, but it will not add significant costs. We expect to see
increasing profits over the next year.

On a cautionary note, we have increased cash reserves. The carrying of surplus cash creates a cost. We will
continue to hold significant cash to allow a margin for the unexpected. We are currently working on increasing
our loan book which has reduced as we have had repayments and ceased new lending under lockdown. The
challenge for us is to rebuild our loan book to previous levels and to increase above that level whilst still
maintaining high quality loans. As always, we will approach this in a measured and planned manner.




                                                          7
Directors’ Report (Continued)


                    Figure 2: Growth in General Finance Limited (Subsidiary)
  50,000                                                                                                                     47,678

                                                                                                                 40,183         41,845
  40,000
                                                                                                                    34,462
                                                                                                     31,353
  30,000
                                                                                         25,205         25,805
                                                                               20,157        20,055
  20,000                                                           17,246
                                                      14,460                    15,066
            12,896 13,156 13,510    12,694                            12,231
              9,612   10,179  10,144 9,338               11,068
  10,000
                                                                                             5,150       5,548       5,721       5,833
                                                                       5,015     5,091
               3,284       2,977       3,366     3,356    3,392

       -
           Sep-17      Dec-17      Mar-18 Jun-18       Sep-18  Dec-18 Mar-19 Jun-19          Sep-19              Dec-19      Mar-20
                                       Total Assets ($000)    Total Liabilities ($000) Equity ($000)
   The 31 March 2020, 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2018 figures have been extracted from the audited financial statements
   of General Finance Limited. Other quarterly figures have been extracted from General Finance Limited's management
   accounts.



The Next Stage

We will continue to grow the General Finance business, but at a slower rate this year. Last year we achieved a
100% plus growth. This year we are planning for a 50% growth.

We expect that acquisition opportunities will present themselves and that the industry will see the benefits of
rationalisation so costs can be spread over a larger base. Whilst we cannot guarantee this will occur, we will be
seeking options that will enhance the value of the Group.


5.0 Investment Research Group

As noted above we are starting the financial year with two investment advisory mandates in place. These are in
the bioscience space (including medicinal Cannabis related entities). This is very promising, and we are expecting
to be able to announce further positive developments as the year progresses.

With the success of the finance company this year, we hope to be able to move some Management and Board
focus to growing the IRG business in the coming year. We believe the current economic disruption will produce
more opportunities for the services offed by IRG.


6.0 Caution

We all must have been surprised at the health, social and economic changes this last 6 months. No one knows
the future. The key for us all is to progress positively but cautiously. The Board are very aware of the volatility
and we are far more cautious than in previous periods.

We know that the unexpected can and will happen!




                                                               8
Directors’ Report (Continued)

7.0 Thanks

The Board wishes to thank management, staff and Board Members of General Capital and its subsidiaries for a
tremendous performance this year. We think our performance would have been even better if we did not have
the Covid-19 impact.

We also thank the shareholders for their support. We understand the patience that you have shown. We hope
you can see the significant progress we have made. We are confident these great results will continue through
the coming year.




Rewi Hamid Bugo                                                  Brent Douglas King
       Chairman                                                  Managing Director




                                                     9
Corporate Governance Statement
The Board of Directors (“Board”) and management of General Capital Limited (“the Company”) are committed
to ensuring that the Company adheres to best practice governance principles and maintains the highest ethical
standards. The Board regularly reviews and assesses the Company’s governance structures to ensure that they
are consistent, both in form and in substance, with best practice.

The Company was listed on the NZAX up to 30 June 2019 and migrated to the NZX main board on 1 July 2019.
The Board framework and governance practices for the year ended 31 March 2020 were compliant with the
requirements of the NZX rules.

The Board is currently updating the framework to be in line with the recommendations in the NZX Corporate
Governance Code released in 2019 (NZX Code). In this regard, there are several items which the Company is
progressing to ensure compliance with the NZX Code. The information in this report is current as at the date of
this report and has been approved by the Board. Key governance documents are available in a new corporate
governance section of the Company’s website: www.gencap.co.nz. Further documents will be added as they are
finalised and formalised.

The NZX Corporate Governance Code can be found on the NZX Website at: www.nzx.com/regulation/nzx-rules-
guidance/corporate-governance-code.

The Governance Code contains eight (8) principles and various recommendations for each principle. The Board
has reported on the Company’s compliance with each of the recommendations which are included below.



Principal 1 – Code of Ethical Behaviour
"Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this behaviour and hold management
accountable for these standards being followed throughout the organisation."

RECOMMENDATION 1.1
The board should document minimum standards of ethical behaviour to which the issuer’s directors and
employees are expected to adhere (a code of ethics).

The code of ethics and where to find it should be communicated to the issuer’s employees. Training should
be provided regularly. The standards may be contained in a single policy document or more than one policy.

The code of ethics should outline internal reporting procedures for any breach of ethics, and describe the
issuer’s expectations about behaviour, namely that every director and employee:
(a) acts honestly and with personal integrity in all actions;
(b) declares conflicts of interest and proactively advises of any potential conflicts;
(c) undertakes proper receipt and use of corporate information, assets and property;
(d) in the case of directors, gives proper attention to the matters before them;
(e) acts honestly and in the best interests of the issuer, shareholders and stakeholders and as required by law;
(f) adheres to any procedures around giving and receiving gifts (for example, where gifts are given that are of
value in order to influence employees and directors, such gifts should not be accepted);
(g) adheres to any procedures about whistle blowing (for example, where actions of a whistle blower have
complied with the issuer’s procedures, an issuer should protect and support them, whether or not action is
taken); and
(h) manages breaches of the code

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
The Board has a strong belief that ethical behaviour is paramount to good corporate governance and underpins
the reputation of the Company. As such, the ethical principles that were applied by the Board (and required of
Management and employees) were in line with the recommendations above.




                                                      10
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
The Group’s code of ethics was updated during the year and complies with the recommendation in full.
Employees are required to read the code of ethics, and periodic training is provided. The code of ethics has been
published on the Company’s website.

RECOMMENDATION 1.2
An issuer should have a financial product dealing policy which extends to employees and directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
The Board had a securities trading policy in place for employees and directors during the year. This policy
requires prior approval of all transactions in General Capital Limited quoted securities and other restricted
securities, specifies blackout periods for trading and defines prohibited trading. The Company’s governance
policies and procedures are currently being reviewed and a draft revised securities trading policy is currently
with the Board for consideration. Once the majority of the Company’s governance policies and procedures have
been updated and finalised, they will be published to the Company’s website.



PRINCIPLE 2 – Board Composition & Performance
“To ensure an effective board, there should be a balance of independence, skills, knowledge, experience and
perspectives.”

Board Composition
Board members who have a wide range of business, technical and financial background lead the Company. The
Board is responsible and accountable to shareholders and other stakeholders for the Company’s performance
and its compliance with applicable laws and standards.

The Board of Directors currently comprises five (5) directors, four (4) of which are Non-executive Directors (Rewi
Hamid Bugo (Chairman), Huei Min Lim, Graeme Iain Brown and Simon John McArley) and one (1) Executive
Director (Brent Douglas King).

Huei Min Lim, Graeme Iain Brown and Simon John McArley are independent directors of the Company.

By virtue of being a significant product holder, Rewi Hamid Bugo has not been identified as an independent
director of the Company.

Refer to the Directors’ Profiles section of this Annual Report for further details.

Board Meetings

The Company’s Board meetings are conducted in accordance with proper process. This enables the Board to
peruse any board papers and review any issues to be deliberated at the Board meeting to enable Directors to
make informed decisions.

A total of 8 (eight) Board Meetings were held during the financial year under review. Board attendance has been
recorded as follows:
     Board Members                                            Board                        Audit Committee
    Rewi Hamid Bugo (Chairman)                                  6                                  3
    Brent Douglas King                                          6                                 N/A
    Huei Min Lim                                                6                                  3
    Graeme Iain Brown                                           6                                  3
    Simon John McArley                                          6                                  3

The Board also met whenever necessary to deal with specific matters needing attention between scheduled
meetings.




                                                         11
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

The gender balance of the Group’s Directors and officers was as follows:

               as at 31 March 2020         as at 31 March 2019
                Directors    Officers*     Directors        Officers*
  Female            1             0            1                0
  Male              4             1            4                1
  Total             5             1            5                1
*Officers excludes any directors of the Company.

RECOMMENDATION 2.1
The board of an issuer should operate under a written charter which sets out the roles and responsibilities of
the board. The board charter should clearly distinguish and disclose the respective roles and responsibilities
of the board and management.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:

The Board adopted an updated Board Charter during the year which sets out the roles and responsibilities of the
Board and Management and complies with the recommendation in full.

The Board Charter has been published on the Company’s website.

RECOMMENDATION 2.2
Every issuer should have a procedure for the nomination and appointment of directors to the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:

There were no new directors appointed during the year (other than those re-elected at the Annual Meeting).
The Board follows the requirements of the NZX Rules as well as the commentary in the NZX Corporate
Governance Code when selecting new directors.

The Company’s governance policies and procedures are currently being reviewed and updated. A draft
Procedure for Nomination and Appointment of Directors is currently with the Board for consideration. This
document is expected to comply with the recommendation and once the majority of the Company’s governance
policies and procedures have been updated and finalised, they will be published to the Company’s website.

RECOMMENDATION 2.3
An issuer should enter into written agreements with each newly appointed director establishing the terms of
their appointment.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:

There were no new directors appointed during the year (other than those re-elected at the Annual Meeting).
The Company intends to comply with this requirement for future newly appointed directors.

The Company’s governance policies and procedures are currently being updated and a draft Procedure for
Nomination and Appointment of Directors is currently with the Board for consideration. It is expected that this
will include a requirement for written agreements with newly appointed directors in line with the
recommendation. Once the majority of the governance policies and procedures have been finalised, they will
be published on the Company’s website.




                                                       12
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

RECOMMENDATION 2.4
Every issuer should disclose information about each director in its annual report or on its website, including a
profile of experience, length of service, independence and ownership interests and director attendance at
board meetings.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
All of the information detailed in the recommendation is included in the Annual Report and can be found in the
Directors Profiles, Corporate Governance Statement and Shareholder and Statutory Information sections.

RECOMMENDATION 2.5
An issuer should have a written diversity policy which includes requirements for the board or a relevant
committee of the board to set measurable objectives for achieving diversity (which, at a minimum, should
address gender diversity) and to assess annually both the objectives and the entity’s progress in achieving
them. The issuer should disclose the policy or a summary of it.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Despite not having a formal written diversity policy in place during the year, the Board recognises the wide-
ranging benefits that diversity brings to an organisation.

The gender composition of the Company’s directors and officers is included above.

The Company’s governance policies and procedures are currently being reviewed and updated. A draft Diversity
Policy is currently with the Board for consideration. This document is expected to comply with the
recommendation and once the majority of the Company’s governance policies and procedures have been
updated and finalised, they will be published to the Company’s website.

RECOMMENDATION 2.6
Directors should undertake appropriate training to remain current on how to best perform their duties as
directors of an issuer.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
The Company’s Board understand their obligations as Directors of a publicly listed Company and undertake
training when necessary to remain current on how to best perform their duties.

RECOMMENDATION 2.7
The board should have a procedure to regularly assess director, board and committee performance.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Director and Board performance is considered crucial to the success of the Company and its subsidiaries. The
Board regularly reviews its performance and the performance of its members. This includes an assessment of
whether the composition of the board is adequate and whether any training is needed for Directors.

The Company’s governance policies and procedures are currently being reviewed and updated. A draft
Procedure for Assessing Director, Board and Committee Performance is currently with the Board for
consideration. This document is expected to comply with the recommendation and once the majority of the
Company’s governance policies and procedures have been updated and finalised, they will be published to the
Company’s website.




                                                      13
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
RECOMMENDATION 2.8
A majority of the board should be independent directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
As detailed in the Board Composition section above, 3 of the 5 Directors have been identified as Independent
Directors of the Company. Of the 2 remaining directors, 1 is a Non-executive Director.

The Board consider that the current composition of the Board during the year was satisfactory to make decisions
in the best interests of the Entity and its shareholders. In addition to this, Non-executive directors periodically
confer without executive directors or other senior executives present. Any directors who are conflicted on
certain matters are unable to participate in the decisions made in relation to those matters.

RECOMMENDATION 2.9
An issuer should have an independent chair of the board. If the chair is not independent, the chair and CEO
should be different people.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Rewi Hamid Bugo is the Chair of the Company and Brent Douglas King is the Managing Director (CEO). By virtue
of being a significant product holder, Mr Bugo is not an independent director of the Company.



Principle 3 – Board Committees
“The board should use committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while still retaining
board responsibility.”

Recommendation 3.1
An issuer’s audit committee should operate under a written charter. Membership on the audit committee
should be majority independent and comprise solely of non-executive directors of the issuer. The chair of the
audit committee should be an independent director and not the chair of the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
On 1 July 2019, to comply with the NZX Main Board Listing Rules, an Audit Committee was formalised as a sub-
committee of the Board with the following members:

Simon John McArley (Chair of Audit Committee, Independent Director)
Huei Min Lim       (Independent Director)
Graeme Iain Brown (Independent Director)
Rewi Hamid Bugo    (Non-executive Director)

Prior to the Company moving to the main board of the NZX on 1 July 2019, the Audit committee responsibilities
were dealt with by the full Board as General Capital Limited was listed on the NZAX during that period.

The audit committee responsibilities include the following:
    1. Ensuring that processes are in place and monitoring those processes so that the board is properly and
        regularly informed and updated on corporate financial matters;
    2. Recommending the appointment and removal of the independent auditor;
    3. Meeting regularly to monitor and review the independent and internal auditing practices;
    4. Having direct communication with and unrestricted access to the independent auditor and any internal
        auditors or accountants;
    5. Reviewing the financial reports and advising all Directors whether they comply with the appropriate
        laws and regulations; and
    6. Ensuring that the Key Audit Partner is changed at least every 5 years.




                                                        14
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee now comprises a majority of independent directors and no executive
directors. Simon John McArley has a financial background in accordance with the requirements of NZX Listing
Rule 2.13.1.

The Company’s Audit Committee Charter was updated during the year. The Audit Committee Charter has been
published on the Company’s website.

Recommendation 3.2
Employees should only attend audit committee meetings at the invitation of the audit committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Non-committee members including employees only attend audit committee meetings at the invitation of the
audit committee.

Recommendation 3.3
An issuer should have a remuneration committee which operates under a written charter (unless this is carried
out by the whole board). At least a majority of the remuneration committee should be independent directors.
Management should only attend remuneration committee meetings at the invitation of the remuneration
committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Remuneration committee responsibilities were dealt with by the full Board during the year ended 31 March
2020. Employees only attended meetings at the invitation of the Board.


The responsibilities included recommending remuneration packages for directors for consideration by
shareholders and to approve Managing Director and senior management remuneration. Any directors who
were conflicted on certain matters were unable to participate in the decisions made in relation to those
matters.

The Company’s remuneration policy is currently being updated as part of the Company’s governance policies
and procedures. A draft Remuneration Policy is currently with the Board for consideration. This document is
expected to comply with the recommendation and once the majority of the Company’s governance policies and
procedures have been updated and finalised, they will be published to the Company’s website.

Recommendation 3.4
An issuer should establish a nomination committee to recommend director appointments to the board (unless
this is carried out by the whole board), which should operate under a written charter. At least a majority of
the nomination committee should be independent directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Nomination committee responsibilities were dealt with by the full Board during the year ended 31 March 2020.

The Company’s governance policies and procedures are currently being reviewed and updated. A draft
Procedure for Nomination and Appointment of Directors is currently with the Board for consideration. This
document is expected to comply with the recommendation and once the majority of the Company’s governance
policies and procedures have been updated and finalised, they will be published to the Company’s website.

Recommendation 3.5
An issuer should consider whether it is appropriate to have any other board committees as standing board
committees. All committees should operate under written charters. An issuer should identify the members of
each of its committees, and periodically report member attendance.




                                                     15
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
The Board has not considered it necessary to have any other board committees during the year.

Recommendation 3.6
The board should establish appropriate protocols that set out the procedure to be followed if there is a
takeover offer for the issuer including any communication between insiders and the bidder. It should disclose
the scope of independent advisory reports to shareholders. These protocols should include the option of
establishing an independent takeover committee, and the likely composition and implementation of an
independent takeover committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
In the event of a takeover bid, the Board would have determined the appropriate actions to take including the
scope of independent advisory reports to shareholders, and whether an independent takeover committee
should be established.

The Company’s governance policies and procedures are currently being reviewed and updated. A draft Takeover
Response Procedure is currently with the Board for consideration. This document is expected to comply with
the recommendation and once the majority of the Company’s governance policies and procedures have been
updated and finalised, they will be published to the Company’s website.



PRINCIPLE 4 – Reporting & Disclosure
“The board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness and balance
of corporate disclosures.”

Recommendation 4.1
An issuer’s board should have a written continuous disclosure policy.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
The Company’s Board is committed to keeping investors and the market informed of all material information
about the Company and its performance in line with the NZX listing rules and has done so throughout the period.

The Company’s governance policies and procedures are currently being reviewed and updated. A draft
Continuous Disclosure Policy is currently with the Board for consideration. This document is expected to comply
with the recommendation and once the majority of the Company’s governance policies and procedures have
been updated and finalised, they will be published to the Company’s website.

Recommendation 4.2
An issuer should make its code of ethics, board and committee charters and the policies recommended in the
NZX Code, together with any other key governance documents, available on its website.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
The Company’s Code of Ethics, Board Charter and Audit Committee Charter are available on the Company’s
website. The company’s governance policies and procedures are currently being reviewed and updated. Once
the majority of the Company’s governance policies and procedures have been updated and finalised, they will
be published to the Company’s website.

Recommendation 4.3
Financial reporting should be balanced, clear and objective. An issuer should provide non-financial disclosure
at least annually, including considering material exposure to environmental, economic and social
sustainability factors and practices. It should how operational or non-financial targets are measured. Non-
financial reporting should be informative, include forward looking assessments, and align with key strategies
and metrics monitored by the board.




                                                      16
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:

Financial Reporting
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial
position of the Group and have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies, consistently applied and
supported by reasonable judgements and estimates and for ensuring all relevant financial reporting and
accounting standards have been followed.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2020, the Directors believe that proper accounting records have been
kept which enable, with reasonable accuracy, the determination of the financial position of the Company and
the Group and facilitate compliance of the financial statements with the Financial Reporting Act 1993.

The Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer have confirmed in writing to the Board that the Company’s
financial reports present a true and fair view in all material aspects.

Non-financial reporting
Due to its current size, the Company is in the early stages of considering how and to what extent it should report
on non-financial information such as environmental, social and governance matters (ESG). The Company does
not currently have a formal ESG reporting framework, however this is being considered by the Board with the
intention that the Company will report on these non-financial matters in the future.



PRINCIPLE 5 – Remuneration
“The remuneration of directors and executives should be transparent, fair and reasonable.”

Recommendation 5.1
An issuer should recommend director remuneration packages to shareholders for approval in a transparent
manner. Actual director remuneration should be clearly disclosed in the issuer’s annual report.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Shareholders approved a total Directors’ remuneration fee pool of $300,000 per annum in the Special Meeting
of shareholders on 31 July 2018. Director remuneration is disclosed in the Shareholder and Statutory Information
section of the Annual Report.

Recommendation 5.2
An issuer should have a remuneration policy for remuneration of directors and officers, which outlines the
relative weightings of remuneration components and relevant performance criteria.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Remuneration of directors has been determined in line with the process noted under recommendation 3.3
above and with the Company’s Corporate Governance Code.

The Company’s governance policies and procedures are currently being reviewed and updated. A draft
Remuneration Policy and a draft Procedure for Assessing Director, Board and Committee Performance is
currently with the Board for consideration. These documents are expected to comply with the recommendation
and once the majority of the Company’s governance policies and procedures have been updated and finalised,
they will be published to the Company’s website.

Recommendation 5.3
An issuer should disclose the remuneration arrangements in place for the CEO in its annual report. This should
include disclosure of the base salary, short term incentives and long-term incentives and the performance
criteria used to determine performance-based payments.




                                                       17
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Information in relation to the remuneration arrangements in place for Brent King (Managing Director) is included
in the Shareholder and Statutory Information section of the Annual Report.



PRINCIPLE 6 – Risk Management
“Directors should have a sound understanding of the material risks faced by the issuer and how to manage
them. The Board should regularly verify that the issuer has appropriate processes that identify and manage
potential and material risks.”

Recommendation 6.1
An issuer should have a risk management framework for its business and the issuer’s board should receive
and review regular reports. An issuer should report the material risks facing the business and how these are
being managed.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
The Company and its subsidiaries are committed to proactively managing risk and this has been the responsibility
of the entire Board with the assistance of the audit committee during the period. The Board delegates day to
day management of risks to the Managing Director. The executive team and senior management are required
to regularly identify the major risks affecting the business and develop structures, practices and processes to
manage and monitor these risks.

The Board is satisfied that the Group has in place a risk management process to effectively identify, manage and
monitor the Group’s principal risks. The Group maintains insurance policies that it considers adequate to meet
its insurable risks.

The Company’s Risk Management and Compliance framework is currently being reviewed and updated.

Recommendation 6.2
An issuer should disclose how it manages its health and safety risks and should report on its health and safety
risks, performance and management.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
The Group operates with a small number of employees in a relatively low health and safety risk office
environment. Despite this, the Board recognises that effective management of health and safety is essential for
the operation of a successful business, and endeavours to prevent harm and promote wellbeing for employees,
contractors and customers.

The Board is responsible for ensuring that the systems used to identify and manage health and safety risks are
fit for purpose, being effectively implemented, regularly reviewed and continuously improved. The Group has a
Health and Safety Policy in place. All new incidents, near misses, or hazards identified are reported to the Board.



PRINCIPLE 7 – Auditors
“The board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit process.”

Recommendation 7.1
The board should establish a framework for the issuer’s relationship with its external auditors. This should
include procedures:
(a) for sustaining communication with the issuer’s external auditors;
(b) to ensure that the ability of the external auditors to carry out their statutory audit role is not impaired or
could be reasonably be perceived to be impaired;




                                                        18
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
(c) to address what, if any, services (whether by type or level) other than their statutory audit roles may be
provided by the auditors to the issuer; and
(d) to provide for the monitoring and approval by the issuer’s audit committee of any service provided by the
external auditors to the issuer other than in their statutory audit role.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
In accordance with the Company’s Board Charter and Audit Committee Charter, the Board in conjunction with
the Audit Committee were responsible for oversight of and communication with the external auditor and
reviewed the quality and cost of the audit undertaken by the Company’s external auditor. The Board in
conjunction with the Audit Committee also assesses the auditor’s independence on an annual basis.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2020, Baker Tilly Staples Rodway was the external auditor for the
Company. Baker Tilly Staples Rodway were automatically re-appointed under the Companies Act 1993 at the
Company’s 2019 annual meeting. The statutory audit services are fully separated from non-audit services to
ensure that appropriate independence is maintained. The amount of fees paid to Baker Tilly Staples Rodway for
audit and other services is identified in note 7 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Baker Tilly Staples Rodway has provided the Board with written confirmation that, in their view, they were able
to operate independently during the year.

Recommendation 7.2
The external auditor should attend the issuer’s Annual Meeting to answer questions from shareholders in
relation to the audit.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Baker Tilly Staples Rodway is invited to attend the annual meeting, and the lead audit partner is available to
answer questions from shareholders at that meeting. Baker Tilly Staples Rodway attended the 2019 annual
meeting.

Recommendation 7.3
Internal audit functions should be disclosed.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
The Company and its subsidiaries have internal controls in place including monitoring and checking that internal
controls are operating effectively. The Company did not have a dedicated internal auditor role during the period.



Principle 8 – Shareholder Rights & Relations
“The board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster constructive relationships with shareholders
that encourage them to engage with the issuer.”

Recommendation 8.1
An issuer should have a website where investors and interested shareholders can access financial and
operational information and key corporate governance information about the issuer.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Financial statements, NZX announcements and Directors’ profiles are included on the website at
www.gencap.co.nz . Governance documents for the Company are under review, and once finalised will be
published on the Company’s website.




                                                       19
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
Recommendation 8.2
An issuer should allow investors the ability to easily communicate with the issuer, including providing the
option to receive communications from the issuer electronically.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
All shareholders are given the option to elect to receive electronic communications from the Company.

Recommendation 8.3
Quoted equity security holders should have the right to vote on major decisions which may change the nature
of the company in which they are invested in.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Shareholders have been given the right to vote on all major decisions in line with the NZX Rules during the year
ended 31 March 2020.

Recommendation 8.4
If seeking additional equity capital, issuers of quoted equity securities should offer further equity security
holders of the same class on a pro rata basis and on no less favourable terms, before further equity securities
are offered to other investors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Company:
    a. Issued warrants to directors and senior managers in accordance with the shareholder approval
         obtained at the special meeting dated 29 November 2018.
    b. Issued ordinary shares for GENWA warrants and GENWB warrants that were exercised by Shareholders
         in accordance with the terms of the warrants.

No other capital raising activities were undertaken during the year.

Recommendation 8.5
The board should ensure that the notices of annual or special meetings of quoted equity security holders is
posted on the issuer’s website as soon as possible and at least 20 working days prior to the meeting.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2020:
Due to time constraints, the notice of the 2019 Annual Meeting was released just short of the 20-working day
recommendation.

The Board encourages shareholder participation in meetings and understands that shareholders need sufficient
time to consider information prior to meetings. Future notices of Shareholder meetings are expected to be
provided at least 20 workings days prior to meeting dates.




                                                       20
Level 9, 45 Queen Street, Auckland 1010          T: +64 9 309 0463
PO Box 3899, Auckland 1140                       F: +64 9 309 4544
New Zealand                                      E: auckland@bakertillysr.nz
                                                 W: www.bakertillysr.nz




           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
           To the Shareholders of General Capital Limited
           Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements


           Qualified Opinion
           We have audited the consolidated financial statements of General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries ('the
           Group') on pages 27 to 73, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March
           2020, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
           and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
           statements, including significant accounting policies.


           In our opinion, except for the effects of the matter described in the Basis for Qualified Opinion section of our
           report, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
           consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2020, and its consolidated financial performance
           and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to
           International Financial Reporting Standards ('NZ IFRS') and International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS').


           Our report is made solely to the Shareholders of the Group. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we
           might state to the Shareholders of the Group those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s
           report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
           responsibility to anyone other than the Shareholders of the Group as a body, for our audit work, for our report
           or for the opinions we have formed.


           Basis for Qualified Opinion
           The Group’s goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets allocated to its research and advisory cash-
           generating unit (‘the research and advisory CGU’), as disclosed in Note 13 of these consolidated financial
           statements, is carried at $1.06m on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March
           2020. We were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to support critical assumptions and
           estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of the goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets
           allocated to the research and advisory CGU, specifically the achievability of forecast future revenue growth, the
           associated cash flows and the discount rate applied. Consequently, we were unable to determine whether any
           adjustments to these amounts were necessary.




                                                                    21
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) ('ISAs (NZ)').
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised) International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners
(including International Independence Standards) (New Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and
Assurance Standards Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (‘IESBA Code’), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with these requirements and the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our qualified opinion.


Other than in our capacity as auditor, our firm carries out other assignments for General Capital Limited and its
subsidiaries in the area of taxation compliance services. The provision of these other services has not impaired
our independence.


Emphasis of Matter – Increased level of inherent uncertainty in the significant accounting estimates and
judgments applied by Management in the preparation of these financial statements, arising from the
ongoing global pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019
We draw attention to note 4.1 of the financial statements, which describes the impact of the ongoing global
pandemic of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (‘COVID-19’) and Management’s assessment of and
responses to, this pandemic on the Group. Since March 2020 the COVID-19 pandemic has lowered overall
economic activity and confidence, resulting in significant volatility and instability in financial markets and
economic uncertainty. Consequently, there has been an increase in the level of inherent uncertainty in the
critical accounting estimates and judgements applied by Management in the preparation of these financial
statements, described in notes 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 and 4.5 of the financial statements. As at the date of the signing of
these financial statements, all reasonably known and available information with respect to the COVID-19
pandemic has been taken into consideration in the critical accounting estimates and judgements applied by
Management, and all reasonably determinable adjustments have been made in preparing these financial
statements.


Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.


Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the Emphasis of Matter
section, we have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in
our report.




                                                         22
Key Audit Matter                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Applicability of the going concern basis of
accounting
As disclosed in Note 2 and 4.2 of the Group’s      Our audit procedures among others included:
financial statements, these financial
                                                      Evaluating Management’s assessment as to whether potential
statements have been prepared on a going
                                                       impacts as a result of the implications of the COVID-19
concern basis, which contemplates continuity
                                                       pandemic could be material;
of normal business activities and the
realisation of assets and the settlement of           Evaluating Management’s response plan to the potential impacts
liabilities in the ordinary course of business.        identified as a result of the implications of COVID-19 pandemic;
As described in our Emphasis of Matter                Evaluating Management’s assessment of the direct and indirect
paragraph and Note 4.1 of the Group’s                  financial impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the carrying
financial statements, the ongoing COVID-19             value of the Group’s reported assets and liabilities, and reported
pandemic, and the public health and social             amounts of revenues and expenses;
measures and economic responses
implemented by governments, regulators and            Evaluating Management’s assessment of the Group’s ability to
industry sectors, have lowered economic                continue to apply the going concern basis of accounting, and the
activity and confidence.                               appropriateness of this considering present economic
                                                       conditions;
The application of the going concern basis of
accounting was significant to our audit due to         Procedures included:
the subjectivity, complexity and uncertainty            o    Evaluating Management’s process regarding the
inherent in assessing the impact the COVID-19                preparation and review of forecast financial statements
pandemic will have of the Group’s forecast                   (balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow
earnings, cash flow and financial position.                  statement);
Management has prepared forecast earnings,              o    Comparing Management’s forecasts to Board approved
cash flows and financial position models as                  forecasts;
part of its assessment of whether the Group’s
application of the going concern basis of               o    Evaluating the cash flow requirements of the Group for
accounting was appropriate for the 31 March                  twelve months from the date of signing the financial
2020 financial statements.                                   statements based on Management’s forecasts;

This assessment involves complex and                    o    Evaluating the liquidity of existing financial assets on the
subjective estimation and judgement by                       Group’s Statement of Financial Position;
Management on the future performance,
                                                        o    Evaluating the actual term deposit reinvestment and new
cashflows and position of the Group.
                                                             term deposit investment rates since March 2020 and
Management have also performed sensitivity                   comparing them to Management’s forecasts;
analysis for reasonably possible changes in
                                                        o    Challenging Management’s assumptions, estimates and
key forecast assumptions.
                                                             judgements used; and
                                                        o    Evaluating Management’s sensitivity analysis for
                                                             reasonably possible changes in key assumptions, with an
                                                             emphasis on the potential downside scenarios and the
                                                             resultant impact on available funds.
                                                      Evaluating the disclosures related to the Group’s application of
                                                       the going concern basis of accounting and the impact of the
                                                       COVID-19 pandemic on the Group which are included in the
                                                       Group’s consolidated financial statements.


Valuation of loan receivables
As disclosed in Note 11 of the Group’s             Our audit procedures among others included:
financial statements, the Group has loan
                                                      Evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of the key
receivable assets of $35.2m consisting on
                                                       controls over loan receivable origination, ongoing administration
short- and long-term loans secured by
                                                       and impairment model data and calculations;
residential property. Loan receivable assets
were significant to our audit due to the size of      Selecting a representative sample of loan receivables and
the assets and the subjectivity, complexity and        agreeing these loan receivables to the loan agreement, client
uncertainty inherent in the timing of the              acceptance documents, mortgage documents, and registered
recognition of impairment in respect of loan           valuations performed on acceptance;



                                                            23
Key Audit Matter                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter

receivables and the amount of that                    Examining the loan receivables individually assessed for
impairment.                                            impairment and forming our own judgements as to whether the
                                                       impairment provision recognised by Management was
Management has prepared impairment                     appropriate (including the consideration of the impact of the
models to complete its assessment of                   COVID-19 pandemic on the impairment provision);
impairment for the Group’s loan receivables as
at 31 March 2020.                                     Testing the key inputs and the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                       calculations of the loan to value ratio analysis used to
This assessment involves complex and                   individually assess the recoverability of loan receivables. We
subjective estimation and judgement by                 have specifically challenged the valuation of the underlying
Management on credit risk and the future               security and performed sensitivity analyses for reasonably
cash flows of the loan receivables.                    possible changes to the key inputs (including the consideration
                                                       of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the valuation of the
                                                       underlying security);
                                                      For the 12 months expected credit loss provision, challenging
                                                       and evaluating the logic within Management’s model and key
                                                       assumptions used with our own experience (including the
                                                       consideration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on key
                                                       assumptions used). Also, testing key inputs used in the collective
                                                       impairment models and the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                       calculations within the model; and
                                                      Evaluating the disclosures related to loan receivables and the
                                                       risk attached to them which are included in the Group’s
                                                       consolidated financial statements.
Impairment assessment of goodwill and other
indefinite life intangible assets
As disclosed in Note 13 of the Group’s             Our audit procedures among others included:
consolidated financial statements, the Group
                                                      Evaluating management’s determination of the Group’s CGUs
has goodwill of $2.35m and indefinite life
                                                       based on our understanding of the nature of the Group’s
intangible assets of $0.3m, allocated across
                                                       business and the economic environment. We also analysed the
the two cash-generated units (‘CGU’s’).
                                                       internal reporting of the Group to assess how the CGU’s are
Goodwill and other indefinite intangible assets
                                                       monitored and reported;
were significant to our audit due to the size of
the assets and the subjectivity, complexity and       Challenging management’s assumptions and estimates used to
uncertainty inherent in the measurement of the         determine the recoverable value of its indefinite life intangible
recoverable amount of these CGU’s for the              assets, including those relating to forecasted revenue, cost,
purpose of the required annual impairment              capital expenditure and discount rates, by adjusting for future
test. The measurement of a CGU’s recoverable           events and corroborating the key market related assumptions to
amount includes the assessment and                     external data (including the consideration of the impact of the
calculation of its ‘value-in-use’.                     COVID-19 pandemic).
Management has completed the annual                    Procedures included:
impairment test for each of the two CGU’s as
at 31 March 2020.                                       o    Evaluating the logic of the value-in-use calculations
                                                             supporting Management’s annual impairment test and
This annual impairment test involves complex                 testing the mathematical accuracy of these calculations;
and subjective estimation and judgement by
Management on the future performance of the             o    Evaluating Management’s process regarding the
CGU’s, discount rates applied to the future                  preparation and review of forecast financial statements
cashflow forecasts and future market and                     (balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow
economic conditions.                                         statement);

In addition, the Basis for Qualified Opinion            o    Comparing forecasts to Board approved forecasts;
section of our report describes that we were            o    Evaluating the historical accuracy of the Group’s
unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit                forecasting to actual historical performance;
evidence to support critical assumptions and
estimates used to determine the recoverable             o    Evaluating the inputs to the calculation of the discount
value of the goodwill and other indefinite life              rates applied;
intangible assets allocated to the research and
                                                        o    Engaging our own internal valuation experts to evaluate the
advisory CGU.
                                                             logic of the value-in-use calculation and the inputs to the
                                                             calculation of the discount rates applied;


                                                            24
 Key Audit Matter                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                                     o    Evaluating Management’s sensitivity analysis for
                                                          reasonably possible changes in key assumptions; and
                                                     o    Performing our own sensitivity analyses for reasonably
                                                          possible changes in key assumptions, the two main
                                                          assumptions being: the discount rate and forecast growth
                                                          assumptions.
                                                   Evaluating the related disclosures about goodwill and other
                                                    indefinite life intangible assets which are included in the Group’s
                                                    consolidated financial statements.



Other Information
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 31 March 2020 (but does not include the consolidated
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon).


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of the
consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal control as the
Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the
Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                         25
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.


A further description of the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is
located at the External Reporting Board’s website at:
https://xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-3/


Matters Relating to the Electronic Presentation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
This audit report relates to the consolidated financial statements of General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries
for the year ended 31 March 2020 included on General Capital Limited’s website. The Directors of General
Capital Limited are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of General Capital Limited’s website. We have
not been engaged to report on the integrity of General Capital Limited’s website. We accept no responsibility
for any changes that may have occurred to the consolidated financial statements since they were initially
presented on the website.


The audit report refers only to the consolidated financial statements named above. It does not provide an
opinion on any other information which may have been hyper linked to or from these consolidated financial
statements. If readers of this report are concerned with the inherent risks arising from electronic data
communication they should refer to the published hard copy of the audited consolidated financial statements
and related audit report dated 16 July 2020 to confirm the information included in the audited consolidated
financial statements presented on this website.


Legislation in New Zealand governing the preparation and dissemination of consolidated financial statements
may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is G K Raniga.




BAKER TILLY STAPLES RODWAY AUCKLAND
Auckland, New Zealand
16 July 2020




                                                        26
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020
                                                                                            2020           2019
                                                                                 Note        $              $

Interest income                                                                    5         2,846,439      1,479,226
Interest expense                                                                   5        (1,441,213)     (640,270)
Net interest income                                                                          1,405,226        838,956

Fee and commission income                                                          5          553,686         281,176
Fee and commission expense                                                         5         (128,699)        (92,332)
Net fee and commission income                                                                 424,987         188,844

Revenue from contracts with customers                                              5           227,715        347,702
Cost of sales                                                                      5           (32,545)       (24,368)
Gross profit from contracts with customers                                                     195,170        323,334

Other income                                                                                    12,761         28,163
Net revenue                                                                                  2,038,144      1,379,297

Release / (increase) in allowance for expected credit losses                       11           (54,999)        19,456
Personnel expenses                                                                            (746,680)      (603,011)
Occupancy expenses                                                                            (117,373)        (90,176)
Depreciation                                                                                     (4,444)        (3,493)
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                  13           (22,793)       (18,201)
Other expenses                                                                      7         (901,392)      (603,152)
Acquisition expenses                                                                                   -     (103,927)
Loss on acquiring listed shell                                                     21                  -     (405,280)
                                                                                            (1,847,681)    (1,807,784)



Profit / (loss) before income tax expense                                                      190,463      (428,487)
Income tax (expense) / benefit                                                     8           (60,907)       (29,601)
Net profit / (loss) after income tax expense                                                   129,556      (458,088)

Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value
through other comprehensive income                                              14, 17(e)    (153,094)        (14,862)
Income tax on these items                                                        8, 17(e)       43,273               -
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of tax                                 (109,821)        (14,862)
Total comprehensive income / (loss)                                                            19,735       (472,950)


Earnings per share (cents per share)                                               9               0.08         (0.46)
Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                       9               0.08         (0.36)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                      27
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED

                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                  AS AT 31 MARCH 2020
                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                Note      $              $
Equity
Share capital                                                                   17(a)   10,176,204      9,573,495
Accumulated losses                                                                       (676,417)      (805,973)
Reserves                                                                        17(e)    (117,780)        (14,862)
Total equity                                                                             9,382,007      8,752,660


Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                        10     12,562,241      2,949,317
Accounts receivables                                                                          10,859         19,246
Related party receivables                                                        18           79,823
Loan receivables                                                                 11     34,855,849     17,277,204
Other current assets                                                                      266,523        114,844
Income tax receivable                                                                                        45,450
Deferred tax asset                                                               8.2          96,004         38,408
Property, plant and equipment                                                                  8,008          6,176
Investments                                                                      14       237,389        190,483
Intangible assets and goodwill                                                   13      3,046,811      3,266,556
Total assets                                                                            51,163,507     23,907,684


Liabilities
Accounts payable and other payables                                                       319,381        246,624
Related party payables                                                           18            2,925          7,942
Income tax payable                                                                             8,697
Term deposits                                                                    15     41,450,497     14,900,458
Total liabilities                                                                       41,781,500     15,155,024
Net assets                                                                               9,382,007      8,752,660


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


Net tangible assets (NTA) per share (cents per share)                                           3.86           3.54
Net assets (NA) per share (cents per share)                                                     5.80           5.69


The financial statements are signed on behalf of the Board.




                       Rewi Bugo
                       Chairman




Authorised for issue on: \6     -:Su..� '.l.D'J-0




                                                                      28
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

                                                                        Redeemable
                                                                                                          Accumulated
                                                    Share capital        Preference        Reserves                         Total equity
                                                                                                             losses
                                                                           Shares

                                          Note            $                    $              $               $                  $

Balance at 31 March 2018 as
originally presented                                    1,448,503             4,747,418               -       (280,728)        5,915,193
- Change in accounting policy                                   -                     -               -         (19,119)         (19,119)
- Impact of finalisation of
acquisition accounting                                              -        (1,167,314)              -        (48,038)       (1,215,352)
Restated total equity as at 1 April
2018                                                    1,448,503            3,580,104                -       (347,885)        4,680,722

Loss for the year                                                   -                 -               -       (458,088)         (458,088)
Other comprehensive income for
the year                                                            -                 -       (14,862)                  -        (14,862)
Total comprehensive income for
the year                                                            -                 -       (14,862)        (458,088)         (472,950)
Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Conversion of redeemable
preference shares                         17(a)         5,080,104            (3,580,104)              -                 -      1,500,000
Issue of shares on acquisition of
subsidiary                                17(a)         1,121,259                     -               -                 -      1,121,259
Contributions of equity net of
transaction costs                         17(a)         1,923,629                     -               -                 -      1,923,629
Total transactions with owners in
their capacity as owners                                8,124,992            (3,580,104)             -                -        4,544,888
Balance at 31 March 2019                                9,573,495                      -      (14,862)        (805,973)        8,752,660


Profit for the year                                                 -                 -               -        129,556           129,556
Other comprehensive income for
the year                                14, 17(e)                   -                 -      (109,821)                  -       (109,821)
Total comprehensive income for
the year                                                            -                 -      (109,821)         129,556               19,735
Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Contributions of equity net of
transaction costs                         17(a)           602,709                     -               -                 -        602,709
Issue of warrants to directors and
senior managers                         17(d), 19                   -                 -           6,903                 -             6,903
Total transactions with owners in
their capacity as owners                                 602,709                      -          6,903                -          609,612
Balance at 31 March 2020                              10,176,204                      -      (117,780)        (676,417)        9,382,007


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                        29
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASHFLOWS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020
                                                                                        2020          2019
                                                                                Note     $             $

Cash flow from operating activities
Interest received                                                                        2,520,543     1,376,467
Receipts from customers                                                                    491,332       393,838
Other income                                                                                12,761        27,783
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                     (2,041,737)   (1,587,300)
Interest paid                                                                           (1,242,655)     (585,614)
Income tax paid                                                                            (21,083)     (142,421)
Finance receivables (net advances)                                                     (17,091,608)   (8,516,032)
Net cash (used in) / provided by operating activities                            20    (17,372,447)   (9,033,279)

Cash flow from investing activities
Acquisition of subsidiaries (net of cash acquired)                                                -       85,736
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                   (6,276)       (2,629)
Purchase of software                                                                        (4,444)      (32,742)
Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities                                      (10,720)       50,365

Cash flow from financing activities
Issue of ordinary shares                                                                  602,709      1,923,628
Term deposits (net receipts)                                                           26,393,382      5,058,474
Net cash provided by financing activities                                              26,996,091      6,982,102

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the reporting                                  2,949,317     4,950,129
period
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents held
during the reporting period                                                              9,612,924    (2,000,812)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the reporting period                         10     12,562,241     2,949,317

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                      30
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 1: REPORTING ENTITY
General Capital Limited ("the Company") is incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand. General Capital Limited is registered under the
Companies Act 1993.

General Capital Limited is a FMC reporting entity for the purposes of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The consolidated financial statements of General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries (together "the Group") have been prepared in
accordance with the Companies Act 1993 and the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The Group is a for profit entity.

The Group's principal activities are:
- Finance (deposit taking and lending);
- Research and advisory (investment advisory and research provider).

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 16 July 2020.

NOTE 2: BASIS OF PREPARATION

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand ("NZ GAAP").
They comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards ("NZ IFRS") and other applicable Financial
Reporting Standards, as appropriate for profit oriented entities. These consolidated financial statements also comply with International
Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS").

The financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars which is the Group's currency. Unless otherwise indicated, amounts in the
financial statements these amounts have been rounded to the nearest dollar.

The financial report has been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by revaluations for certain classes of assets and
liabilities to fair value as described in the accounting policies below.

These financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates continuity of normal business activities and
the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course of business, in accordance with historical cost concepts, as
modified by the revaluation of certain assets and liabilities as identified in the accounting policies below.

A significant event arose in March 2020, prior to reporting date, namely the global pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019, that has had and
is expected to continue to have an impact on the Group's earnings, cash flows and financial position. Refer to notes 4.1 and 24 for further
information. The Directors and Management have determined that the Group’s application of the going concern basis of accounting remains
appropriate in light of this event, refer to note 4.2.


NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these consolidated financial statements, and
have been applied consistently by Group entities.

3.1 New and amended standards adopted by the Group

(a) NZ IFRS 16 Leases
NZ IFRS 16, ‘Leases’, replaces NZ IAS 17. Under NZ IFRS 16, a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the
use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

Under NZ IAS 17, a lessee was required to make a distinction between a finance lease (on balance sheet) and an operating lease (off balance
sheet). NZ IFRS 16 now requires a lessee to recognise a lease liability reflecting future lease payments and a ‘right-of-use asset’ for virtually
all lease contracts. Lessors will also be affected by the new standard.

The Group has no lease agreements in place as at 1 April 2019 and up to the date of signing these financial statements. Since June 2018, the
Group has been paying a share of office lease costs to Moneyonline Limited, a related company, based on an allocation of office space
utilised by the Group.




                                                                       31
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

If the Group were to formalise a lease agreement with Moneyonline Limited, it would likely mirror the term and other conditions of
Moneyonline Limited’s lease agreement with an external party. As at 31 March 2020, the total remaining term of that of that lease was 14
months, and the current monthly allocation of the lease costs paid by the Group is $8,828, implying total undiscounted remaining payments
of $123,592 as at 31 March 2020.

Should an agreement be formalised with Moneyonline Limited, a lease liability and a right-of-use asset would need to be recognised on that
date, represented by the present value of future lease payments. Depreciation expense would be recorded on a straight-line basis over the
lease term, and interest will be recognised on the lease liability using the amortised cost method. This will result in higher expenses being
recorded at the start of the lease term than at the end (due to the liability being ‘wound down’ over the lease term).

(b) NZ IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
This Interpretation sets out how to determine the accounting tax position when there is uncertainty over income tax treatments. The
Interpretation requires an entity to determine whether uncertain tax positions are assessed separately or as a group (depending on which
approach gives a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty), and assess whether it is probable that a tax authority will accept an
uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be used, by an entity in its income tax filings.

If it is probable a tax authority will accept the treatment, the entity should determine its accounting tax position consistently with the tax
treatment used or planned to be used in its income tax filings. Otherwise, the entity should reflect the effect of uncertainty in determining
its accounting tax position by estimating the tax payable (or receivable), using either the most likely amount or the expected value method.

There are no new disclosure requirements, however there is a general requirement to provide information about judgements and estimates
made in preparing the financial statements.

The Group has no materially uncertain tax positions that have warranted such adjustments to its accounting tax position.


(c) Other
Other standards and amendments adopted include Amendments to NZ IFRS 9 Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation ; the
Annual Improvements to NZ IFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle, which include amendments to four Standards, NZ IAS 12 Income Taxes , NZ
IAS 23 Borrowing Costs , NZ IFRS 3 Business Combinations , and NZ IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements . These amendments while adopted, either
had no material impact or relate to standards not currently applied by the Group.


3.2 Basis of consolidation
Reverse acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited
As described in Note 21, as the Company's acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited on 3 August 2018 is deemed to be a reverse acquisition
for accounting purposes, these financial statements represent a continuation of the consolidated financial statements of Corporate Holdings
Limited.

The financial information presented up to 3 August 2018 comprises Corporate Holdings Limited and its two subsidiaries. From 3 August
2018, the financial information comprises the consolidated results of the Company, Corporate Holdings Limited, and the two subsidiaries of
Corporate Holdings Limited.

Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which control is
transferred to the Group. Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
returns through its power over the entity.

The Group measures goodwill at the acquisition date as:
  - the fair value of the consideration transferred; plus
  - the recognised amount of any non-controlling interests in the aquiree; plus
  - if the business combination is achieved in stages, the fair value of the pre-existing equity interest in the acquiree; less
  - the net recognised amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
When an excess is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, that the Group incurs in connection with a
business combination are expensed as incurred.




                                                                        32
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Any contingent consideration payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity,
then it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent
consideration are recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income as appropriate.

Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities controlled by the Group. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in consolidated financial
statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.

Loss of control
On loss of control, the Group derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, any non-controlling interests and the other
components of equity related to the subsidiary. Any surplus or deficit arising on loss of control is recognised in profit or loss. If the Group
retains an interest in the previous subsidiary, the interest is measured at fair value at the date control is lost. Subsequently it is accounted
for as an equity-accounted investee or as an available for sale asset depending on the influence retained.

Transactions eliminated on consolidation
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in
preparing the consolidated financial statements.

3.4 Revenue and expense recognition
(a) Interest income and expense
Interest income and interest expense
Interest income and interest expense is recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method. The effective interest method
calculates the amortised cost of a financial asset or liability and allocates the interest income and directly related fees (including loan
origination fees) and transaction costs (including commission expenses) that are an integral component of the effective interest rate over
the expected life of the financial asset or liability.

Loan fees and commissions
Lending fee income (such as loan establishment fees) that is integral to the effective yield of a loan held at amortised cost is capitalised as
part of the amortised cost and deferred over the life of the loan using the effective interest method. Lending fees not directly related to the
origination of a loan (account maintenance fee) are recognised over the period of service. Incremental and directly attributable costs (such
as commissions) associated with the origination of a financial asset (such as loans) and financial liabilities (such as term deposits) are
capitalised as part of the amortised cost and deferred over the life of the financial instrument using the effective interest method.

(b) Revenue from contracts with customers:
Advisory fee revenue
Advisory contracts generally span a period of three months to one and a half years. Management determine the performance obligation(s)
inherent in the contract at contract inception and recognise revenue upon completion of each of the performance obligations. Performance
obligations include advice provided to the entity and sometimes include the success of a project. There are specific billing milestones built
into each contract and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days of the milestone.

Yearbook and research sales
This includes revenue related to the sale of publications and fees for advertisements in the publications. The performance obligation for the
advertising fees is satisfied when the publications are published and available to be purchased by customers, and include the contracted
advertisements. Payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from production. The performance obligation relating to the sale of
publications is satisfied upon delivery of the publications. Payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from delivery.

Other fee income
Fees charged by General Finance Limited that do not relate to the origination of finance receivables (for instance loan holding fees). These
fees are charged and recognised upon satisfaction of the conditions stipulated in the contract.

Assets and liabilities arising from revenue from contracts with customers
Accounts receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 30 to 60 days. Contract assets are recognised for any
performance obligations which have been satisfied in advance of billing to clients. The amounts are transferred to accounts receivable when
billed to customers. Contract costs are capitalised in respect of directly attributable contract costs (such as directly related allocations of
personnel costs) which relate to revenue which has not been recognised. Costs are only recognised if the amounts are expected to be
recovered from customers, are amortised when the associated revenue is billed to the customer, and are subject to impairment testing.
Contract liabilities are recognised in respect of any amounts billed to customers in advance of satisfaction of the associated performance
obligations.




                                                                       33
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

(c) Other
Other expense recognition
All other expenses are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

3.5 Financial instruments

Initial recognition
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the
contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are
added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately
in profit or loss.
Financial assets
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the
classification of the financial assets.

Classification of financial assets
Financial assets that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at amortised cost:
- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI):
- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the
financial assets; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
the principal amount outstanding.

By default, all other financial assets are measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).

Despite the foregoing, the Group may make the following irrevocable election/designation at initial recognition of a financial asset:
- the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if
certain criteria are met; and
- the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria as measured at FVTPL if doing so
eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

(i) Amortised cost and effective interest method
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset and of allocating interest income over the
relevant period.

For financial assets other than purchased or originated credit‑impaired financial assets (i.e. assets that are credit‑impaired on initial
recognition), the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees and points paid or
received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) excluding expected
credit losses, through the expected life of the financial asset, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross carrying amount of the
financial asset on initial recognition. For purchased or originated credit‑impaired financial assets, a credit‑adjusted effective interest rate is
calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including expected credit losses, to the amortised cost of the debt instrument on
initial recognition.

The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition minus the principal
repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the
maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance. The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset
before adjusting for any loss allowance.

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost . For financial
assets other than purchased or originated credit‑impaired financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit‑impaired (see
below).

                                                                          34
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

For financial assets that have subsequently become credit‑impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to
the amortised cost of the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit‑impaired financial instrument
improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit‑impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the
gross carrying amount of the financial asset.

Financial assets measured at amortised cost include cash and cash equivalents, loan receivables and trade receivables.

(ii) Financial assets at FVTOCI

Equity Instruments at FVTOCI
On initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument by instrument basis) to designate investments in
equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Designation at FVTOCI is not permitted if the equity investment is held for trading or if it is contingent
consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination.

A financial asset is held for trading if:
- it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term; or
-on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has evidence of a
recent actual pattern of short term profit taking; or
-it is a derivative (except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument).

Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at
fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
investments revaluation reserve. The cumulative gain or loss is not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments,
instead, it is transferred to retained earnings. Fair value is determined in the manner described in note 14.

Dividends on these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9, unless the dividends clearly
represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.

The Group has designated all investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading as at FVTOCI on initial application of IFRS 9 (see
note 14).

Impairment of Financial Assets
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on financial assets that are measured at amortised cost. The amount of
expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial
assets.

The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade and other receivables. The expected credit losses on these financial assets are estimated using a
provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general
economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including
time value of money where appropriate.
For loan receivables, the Group applies a three-stage approach to measuring ECLs. Loans may migrate through the following stages based on
their change in credit quality.

Stage 1         12-month ECL (past due 30 days or less)
                Where there has been no evidence of an increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs that result from possible default
                events within 12 months are recognised.

Stage 2         Lifetime ECL not credit impaired (between 30 and 90 days past due)
                Where there has been a significant increase in credit risk, ECLs that result from all possible default events over the life of the
                loan are recognised.

Stage 3         Lifetime ECL credit impaired (greater than 90 days past due)
                Where loans are in default or otherwise credit impaired, ECLs that result from all possible default events over the life of the
                loan are recognised.




                                                                        35
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

(i) Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a
default occurring on the financial asset at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial asset at the date of initial
recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information.

The nature of the Group’s finance receivables is short-term residential property lending with a predominant focus on the underlying security
value of the finance receivable (i.e. the residential property value) in the credit assessment. Credit risk information is updated and
monitored regularly. Loan receivables are subject to regular scrutiny, as a key component of credit risk management. This includes a review
of the borrower’s repayment history and any interest arrears; any changes in the borrowers circumstances which could impact on their
ability to repay either interest or principal amounts on their due date; and any movement in the security value.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly
since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
information that demonstrates otherwise.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and
revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
becomes past due.


(ii) Definition of default

The Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and
supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

(iii) Credit‑impaired financial assets

A financial asset is credit‑impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that
financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit‑impaired includes observable data about the following events:
a) an increase in loan to valuation ratio caused by either declining property security values or increases in the loan balance;
b) significant financial difficulty of the borrower; and
c) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see (ii) above).


(iv) Write‑off policy

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the borrower is in severe financial difficulty and there is no
realistic prospect of recovery, for example an unsecured financial asset whereby the borrower has no realistic ability to meet their financial
obligations to the Group. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.

v) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses

The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if
there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data
adjusted for forward‑looking information as described above.

As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date.

For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate. In
instances where the probability of default has increased significantly (a significant increase in credit risk), or where the loan is in default, the
expected credit loss (or loss given default) may not increase significantly due to the Group’s lending criteria which prohibits lending when
the loan to valuation ratio (LVR) exceeds 75%. This means in general that the Group expects that the present value of expected cash flows
from a loan in default to approximate the carrying value of the loan prior to the default event, except in cases where the LVR has increased
considerably due to a reduction in the security property valuation or a significant increase in the loan balance.




                                                                         36
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial asset at an amount equal to lifetime ECL in the previous reporting period, but
determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an
amount equal to 12‑month ECL at the current reporting date, except for assets for which simplified approach was used.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial assets with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying
amount through a loss allowance account.

Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the
financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor
retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained
interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised
borrowing for the proceeds received.

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities are classified into one of the following measurement categories:
- those to be measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (‘FVTPL'); and
- those to be measured at amortised cost.

At initial recognition financial liabilities are measured at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue of the
financial liabilities. The amortised cost of a financial liability is the amount at which the financial liability is measured at initial recognition
minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial
amount and the maturity amount.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the
relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points
paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the
expected life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.

The Group's financial liabilities measured at amortised cost include trade and other payables and term deposits.

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The
difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit
or loss.

3.6 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash includes demand deposits with an original term of less than 183 days1 and other highly liquid investments readily convertible into cash
used by the Group as part of day-to-day cash management.

1
    Increased from 150 days in the prior year policy. There is no prior year impact resulting from this change in policy.

3.7 Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are recognised in the statement of financial position at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses. Depreciation is calculated on property, plant and equipment on a straight-line basis to allocate the costs, net of any residual
amounts, over their useful lives. Office equipment is depreciated on a straight line basis using depreciation rates of 30% - 40% per annum.


3.8 Intangible assets
Intangible assets comprise goodwill, acquired licences, bartercard trade dollars and computer software.

Goodwill and acquired licences are indefinite life intangibles subject to annual impairment testing. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating
units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that
are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose, identified according to the respective operating
segment. Refer to note 4.4 and note 13.



                                                                          37
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Licences acquired as part of business combinations are capitalised separately from goodwill as intangible assets if their value can be
measured reliably on initial recognition and it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will
flow to the Group.

Bartercard Trade Dollars are units of electronic currency held by the Group which can be used to pay for products and services from other
Bartercard members instead of paying in cash. They are non-monetary assets which are classified as indefinite life intangible assets. The
assets are recognised at cost less accumulated impairment losses. The trade dollars are acquired as earned and consumed as utilised and are
tested at least annually for impairment or when indication of an impairment exist. An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying
amount of a bartercard exceeds its recoverable amount. The estimated recoverable amount of intangible assets - Bartercard Trade Dollars
are the greater of their fair value less costs to sell or value in use. Trade debits arising from sales to customers and trade credits from
purchases of services are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income in the period in which the transaction occurs. Where trade
credits are used to purchase an asset, the asset is capitalised and recognised in the statement of financial position.

Computer software is recognised in the statement of financial position at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Direct
costs associated with the purchase and installation of software licences and the development of software for internal use are capitalised
where project success is probable and the capitalisation criteria is met. Cost associated with planning and evaluating computer software and
maintaining a system after implementation are expensed. Computer software costs are amortised on a straight-line basis (three years).

3.9 Taxation
Income tax for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income in the profit
or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised outside profit or loss (whether in other comprehensive income or directly in
equity), in which case the tax is also recognised outside profit or loss.

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at balance
date after taking advantage of all allowable deductions under current taxation legislation and any adjustment to tax liabilities in respect of
previous years.

Deferred tax is provided using the liability method, providing for temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
manner of realisation or settlement of the amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted as at balance
date.

Deferred taxation assets arising from temporary differences or income tax losses, are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that a
future taxable profit will be available against which the asset can be utilised.

Deferred taxation assets are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax asset will be realised. Any reduction is
recognised in profit or loss.


3.10 Impairment of non-financial assets
Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested for impairment annually or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Intangible assets not yet available for use are tested
for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired.

Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. The Group conducts an annual internal review of asset values, which is used as a source of information to assess for any
indicators of impairment. External factors, such as changes in expected future processes, technology and economic conditions, are also
monitored for indicators of impairment. If any indication of impairment exists, an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount is calculated.

An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable
amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is determined by estimating future cash flows
from the use and ultimate disposal of the asset and discounting these to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market rates and the risks specific to the asset. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for
which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Impairment losses directly reduce the carrying amount of assets
and are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting
date.




                                                                      38
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

3.11 Employee benefits
Wages, salaries and annual leave
Liabilities for wages, salaries and annual leave are recognised in respect of employees' services up to the reporting date. They are measured
at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.

Superannuation plans
The Group pays contributions to superannuation plans, such as Kiwisaver. The Group has no further payment obligations once the
contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as an employee benefit expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions
are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


3.12 Statement of cash flows
The statement of cash flows has been prepared using the direct approach modified by netting certain cash flows in order to provide more
meaningful disclosure. These include reverse loan receivables and term deposit liabilities. The advances to and repayments received from
borrowers in relation to loan receivables are considered operating activities and are reported on a net basis in the Statement of Cash Flows.
Proceeds from deposits issued and repayments to deposit investors are considered financing activities and are also reported on a net basis
in the Statement of Cash Flows.

3.13 Comparatives
Where necessary, comparative information has been reclassified and represented for consistency with current year.


NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS

There are a number of significant accounting treatments which include complex or subjective judgments and estimates that may affect the
reported amounts of assets in these financial statements. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

An explanation of the judgments and estimates made by the Group in the process of applying its accounting policies, that have the most
significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements, are set out below.


4.1 Increased level of inherent uncertainty in the significant accounting estimates and judgments arising from the ongoing global
pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019

On 11 March 2020 the World Health Organization declared an ongoing global outbreak of a novel coronavirus, known as ‘coronavirus
disease 2019’ (‘COVID-19’), a pandemic.

In response the New Zealand Government has implemented a range of:
- public health and social measures to prevent and contain the transmission of COVID-19; and
- economic responses to provide financial stimulus and welfare support to mitigate the economic impacts of the pandemic.

The public health and social measures implemented included restrictions on travel / non-essential movement, entry bans/closure of borders,
quarantines, temporary closure of non-essential businesses and schools, and the cancellation of gatherings and events.

These public health and social measures have lowered overall economic activity and confidence, due to a reduced ability for many
businesses to operate, reduced demand for many goods and services, and resulted in significant volatility and instability in financial markets.

The New Zealand Government implemented a four-level COVID-19 alert system which specifies public health and social measures to be
taken in response to the pandemic. With Alert Level 1 being the least restrictive and onerous and Alert Level 4 being the most. Under these
measures, the Group was classified as a provider of essential services and was able to undertake its normal business activities in the ordinary
course of business.

The economic responses implemented by the New Zealand Government have mitigated some of the economic impacts. These responses
range from quantitative easing and reductions in official interest rates by the central banks to the release of significant government financial
stimulus and welfare support packages.

As a result of the pandemic, the Group anticipates that the lowered levels of economic activity and confidence will continue for at least the
short to medium term and will likely result in increased business failures and unemployment levels in New Zealand. Consequently, the Group
has concluded there been an increase in the level of inherent uncertainty in the significant accounting estimates and judgements applied by
Management in the preparation of these financial statements (refer note 4.2 and 4.3).


                                                                       39
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

These financial statements have been prepared based upon conditions existing as at 31 March 2020 and consider those events occurring
subsequent to that date that provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period. As the outbreak of the COVID-
19 pandemic occurred before 31 March 2020 its impacts are considered an event that is indicative of conditions that arose prior to reporting
period. Accordingly, as at the date of signing these financial statements, all reasonably known and available information with respect to the
COVID-19 pandemic has been taken into consideration in the critical accounting estimates and judgements applied by Management (refer
note 4.2 and 4.3 below) and all reasonably determinable adjustments have been made in preparing these financial statements.


4.2 Applicability of the going concern basis of accounting

Whilst the COVID-19 pandemic and measures implemented have lowered overall economic activity and confidence (described above),
Management have assessed and determined that the Group’s application of the going concern basis of accounting remains appropriate.

The Group has responded to the pandemic in the following ways:
- Undertook an analysis of its forecast cashflows to evaluate of the appropriateness of the Group’s continued application of the going
concern basis of accounting. This forecast cashflows took into consideration the Group’s expectation of the impact of the pandemic on its
earnings, cash flow and financial position.
- Assessed the direct and indirect financial impacts of the pandemic on the carrying value of reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses.
- Implemented and enacted appropriate Health and Safety responses.
- Implemented cost saving measures and actively seeking further cost saving measures where possible.



Cashflow forecast and going concern

Whilst the COVID-19 pandemic and measures implemented have lowered overall economic activity and confidence (described above), the
Group's earnings, cash flow and financial position have not been significantly adversely impacted since the outbreak began up to the date of
the signing of these financial statements.

The Group has determined that the main potential downside impacts of the pandemic on the Group’s earnings, cash flows, financial position
and application of the going concern basis of accounting as at 31 March 2020 to be the following:
1) A reduction in term deposit reinvestment rates.
2) A reduction in new term deposit investments.
3) The inability for borrowers to make loan payments on their contractual repayment dates.
4) A reduction in loan security values (residential property values).
5) Reduced net cash flows from the research and advisory cash generating unit.

At the end of March 2020, the Group prepared revised forecast cashflows taking into consideration the Group’s expectation of the impact of
the pandemic for the period 1 April 2020 to 30 June 2020 (12 months after the expected signing date) which incorporate highly stressed
scenarios of reduced reinvestment rates, reduced new term deposit investments and extensions of loan settlement dates.

Under the most stressed scenario the Group assumed:
1) A reduction in term deposit reinvestment rates from 79% actual for the 2020 financial year to 25%.
2) A reduction in new term deposit investments from an average of $2.4 million actual per month for the 2020 financial year to $Nil.
3) An assumption that 50% of loans that mature are not repaid on their expected repayment date. The expected repayment dates already
factored in expected delays due to the Covid-19 government restrictions.
4) A reduction in loan security values (residential property values) by 25%.
5) No cash inflows from the research and advisory cash generating unit.


Due to the Group’s significant levels of cash and cash equivalents at 31 March 2020 ($12.6 million), and its well secured loan book (refer
note 4.3 below), under the revised cashflow forecasts and the stressed scenarios, show that the Group will be able to continue its normal
business activities and the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.




                                                                      40
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

Since 31 March 2020 and up to the date of the signing of these financial statements, the Group has performed better than its base revised
forecast cashflows. The Group initially saw a reduction in term deposit reinvestment rates, new term deposit investments and an increase in
loan arrears, in line with expectations. There has not yet been any notable adverse impact on residential property prices, however it is
anticipated to occur in the next 12 months by various New Zealand economists. Performance since Alert level 2 has been significantly better
than expected with cash and cash equivalents further increasing (to $20.4 million on 6 July 2020) as a result of loan repayments and new
term deposit investments.

Accordingly, Management have assessed and determined that the Group’s application of the going concern basis of accounting remains
appropriate.



Direct and indirect financial impacts of the pandemic on the carrying value of reported amounts of assets and liabilities

Assets and Liabilities                                     Reported Direct and indirect financial impacts
                                                          amount $
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                12,562,241 No impact
Accounts receivables                                         10,859 No impact
Related party receivables                                    79,823 No impact
Loan receivables                                         34,855,849 No material impact - refer note 4.3.
Other current assets                                        266,523 No impact
Deferred tax asset                                           96,004 No impact
Property, plant and equipment                                 8,008 No impact
Investments                                                 237,389 No material impact - refer note 4.5.
Intangible assets and goodwill                            3,046,811 No material impact - refer note 4.4.
Total assets                                             51,163,507

Liabilities
Accounts payable and other payables                         319,381 No impact
Related party payables                                        2,925 No impact
Income tax payable                                            8,697 No impact
Term deposits                                            41,450,497 No impact
Total liabilities                                        41,781,500

Health and safety responses

Despite the Group being an essential services provider (Non-bank Deposit Taker) during Alert level 4 (and after year end, Alert level 3)
restrictions, the Group implemented strict working from home measures in line with the New Zealand Government guidelines. This was not
a significant issue as the Group already had remote working capability in place.

Other health and safety measures have been put into place including social distancing, contact tracing and cleaning.

Personal protective equipment (PPE) including masks, gloves and hand sanitiser was made available to employees from early March 2020.

Cost saving measures

1. Term deposit interest rates were further reduced in May 2020 in line with the global interest rate trends.
2. Employee costs were reduced where necessary as a result of COVID-19.
3. Other cost savings initiatives have been implemented where possible.

4.3 Allowance for expected credit losses

Significant increase in credit risk
Expected credit losses (‘ECL’) are measured as an allowance equal to 12 month ECL, or lifetime ECL for assets with a significant increase in
credit risk or in default or otherwise credit impaired. An asset moves to doubtful when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial
recognition. NZ IFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in credit risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset
has significantly increased the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-looking
information.



                                                                       41
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

Calculation of loss allowance
When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future
movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.

Loss given default is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due and
those that the Group would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements.

Probability of default constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. Probability of default is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given
time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.

The ECL is calculated on an individual loan basis by applying an expected loss factor to the loan balance. The expected loss factor is
determined from the Group historical loss experience data.

Historical loss experience data is reviewed by management and adjustments made to reflect current and forward looking economic and
credit conditions. In addition, management recognise that a certain level of imprecision exists in any model used to generate risk grading
and provisioning levels. As such an adjustment is applied for model risk.

In instances where the probability of default has increased significantly (a significant increase in credit risk), or where the loan is in default,
the expected credit loss (or loss given default) may not increase significantly due to the Group’s lending criteria which prohibits lending
when the loan to valuation ratio (LVR) exceeds 75%. This means in general that the Group expects that the present value of expected cash
flows from a loan in default to approximate the carrying value of the loan prior to the default event, except in cases where the LVR has
increased considerably due to a reduction in the security property valuation or a significant increase in the loan balance.

Management regularly reviews and adjusts its ECL estimates, judgements, assumptions, and methodologies as data becomes available.
Changes in these estimates, judgements, assumptions, and methodologies could have a direct impact on the level of credit provision and
credit impairment charge recorded in the financial statements (refer Note 11 Loan Receivables).

If the 12-month ECL rate for loans without a significant increase in credit risk increased/(decreased) by 0.2% higher/(lower) as at 31 March
2020, the loss allowance on finance receivables would have been $67,347 higher/(lower).

If the lifetime ECL rate for loans with a significant increase in credit risk and credit impaired loans increased/(decreased) by 1.0%
higher/(lower) as at 31 March 2020, the loss allowance on finance receivables would have been $15,163 higher/(lower).

Impact of COVID-19 on loan receivables / expected credit losses
The COVID-19 Alert Level 4 restrictions impacted negatively on borrowers’ ability to pay monthly interest and/or to repay their loans by the
due date because of the following:
1) Delays by banks in processing refinancing applications from our borrowers.
2) Borrowers were unable to effectively market their properties for sale.
3) In some cases, borrower income had reduced and impacted on their ability to service their loans.

These factors have improved since COVID-19 restrictions reduced to Alert Level 2 and 1 and are expected to continue to improve as
restrictions are further relaxed.

The income of several borrowers and their ability to pay interest may continue to be adversely affected. However only a small number of
loans are likely to be affected and no significant impact of cash flows is expected.

Repayment may be delayed for some borrowers; however, the delays are not expected to exceed 1-3 months. These delays were further
stressed in the going concern cash flow forecast described above.

The highest loan to valuation ratio (LVR) of the Group’s loan book as at 31 March 2020 was 77.0% (2019: 74.1%) and the weighted average
LVR of the loan book was 58.5% (2019: 55.2%), based on loan security valuations on origination of the loan. As at 31 March 2020,
approximately 90% of the Group’s loans receivables (both in number and dollar value terms) had security valuations with valuation dates
being less than 12 months old. The remaining loans receivable security valuations were individually assessed and determined as materially in
line with current property values.

There has been no measurable effect on LVRs so far. Now that the property market is able to function normally again the effect on property
values and LVRs will be able to be assessed in coming months. It is possible that there will be a softening in property values but the Group
does not expect it to exceed a range of 5-12%.




                                                                        42
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

Since 31 March 2020 and up to the date of the signing of these financial statements, there has been no evidence which indicates a softening
of the residential property values in New Zealand that would have a material impact on the Group’s expected credit losses.

According to sensitivity analysis performed on the residential property security valuations underlying the Group’s loan receivables as at 31
March 2020:
1) A 10% drop in property market values would result in no loan losses.
2) A 20% drop in property values would result in a loss in the range of $10,000 – $20,000.
3) A 25% drop in property values would result in a loss in the range of $200,000 – $250,000.


Expected credit losses:

1) Based on the history of the Group loan book over the last 7 years, the average annual write-offs as a percentage of the average loan
receivable balance over the same period was 0.15%. This would be an appropriate basis for 12-month expected credit losses in ‘normal’
economic conditions.
2) The Group recognises that New Zealand’s economic forecast for the next 12 months is unfavourable due to the impacts of the COVID-19
pandemic as described above. As a result, the Group has concluded that the probability of default has increased. However due to the
Group’s well secured loan book (as described above), the loss given default and expected credit losses have increased but not by a material
amount. As such, the Group has determined that 0.31% (2019: 0.31%) of the gross loan balance is a more appropriate expectation of losses
for the next 12 months.
3) Lifetime ECL’s for loans with a significant increase in credit risk and for loans in default have been calculated based on the Group’s
expectations for discounted net cash flows from the respective loan receivables over the expected remaining life of the loans in light of
COVID-19.


4.4 Impairment analysis of goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets

The carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets (including licences and bartercard trade dollars) is assessed at least
annually to ensure that it is not impaired.

With regard to Goodwill and Licences, performing this analysis requires management to estimate future cash flows to be generated by the
cash-generating unit, which entails making judgements, including the expected rate of growth of revenues and expenditures, assets and
liabilities, and the resulting cashflows. Judgements also need to be made about the appropriate discount rate to apply when valuing future
cash flows.

A sensitivity analysis performed by Management has highlighted that the carrying value of the Goodwill and other assets in the research and
advisory CGU are highly reliant on the achievement of revenue forecasts from advisory projects.

Management have performed a fair value less costs of disposal impairment test in relation to the carrying value of the bartercard trade
dollars asset at 31 March 2020.

Impact of COVID-19 on impairment analysis of goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets
When completing the impairment analysis of goodwill and other indefinite life intagible assets, the Group has taken into consideration all
reasonably known and available information with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic (as described in note 4.1).

Expected impact on cash-generating units
1. Finance CGU - The forecasted cash flows used in the impairment analysis factor in the expected impacts of COVID-19. In particular the
Growth path that General Finance originally forecasted is now expected to be significantly delayed as a result of the pandemic and the
economic impact. Notwithstanding the impacts of the above, the results of the model show that there is still significant headroom in the
unit.
2. Research and Advisory CGU - In the forecasted cash flows used in the CGU impairment analysis, the Group has factored in the expected
impacts on COVID-19 on the probability of sourcing advisory projects, the project milestones and the impact on timing of cashflows.
Notwithstanding the impacts of the above, the results of the impairment testing resulted in no impairment to the CGU.

Further information on the impairment analysis, assumptions and sensitivity analysis can be found in note 13.




                                                                     43
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 4: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

4.5 Valuation of equity securities classified as financial assets at FVTOCI

The equity securities held by the Group are required to be carried at fair value. Fair value of the investments has been estimated using
inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (Level 3 inputs).

Impact of COVID-19 on equity securities classified as financial assets at FVTOCI
When calculating fair value of the three equity securities carried at FVTOCI, the Group has taken into consideration all reasonably known and
available information with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic (as described in note 4.1). The impact on each of the investments is as follows:
1. Investment in Barter Investments Limited - The expected impact of COVID-19 did not have a material impact on the Group's fair value
estimation.
2. Investment in Sports & Education Corporation Limited (SEC) investment - The lack of information released by SEC and trading halt
(described in note 14) combined with the expected impact of Covid-19 on volatility and risk as at 31 March 2020 has increased the risk
adjustment applied by management to 100%, resulting in a reduction in the fair value of the investment to $nil as at 31 March 2020.
3. Investment in Cannabis & Bioscience Corporation Limited (CBC) - COVID-19 is expected to have a minor impact on the timing of the
underlying investment activity in CBC but this did not have a material impact on the Group's fair value estimation.

Further information on the judgements made, assumptions and estimates are included in note 6.4 and note 14.


4.6 Business combinations

As described in Note 21, as the Company's acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited on 3 August 2018 is deemed to be a reverse acquisition
for accounting purposes, these financial statements represent a continuation of the consolidated financial statements of Corporate Holdings
Limited.

With regard to the above transaction, Management have had to make judgements, including the following:

- Determining the entity which is the acquirer and the entity which is the acquiree.
- Whether the entity acquired constitutes a business.
- Determining the fair value of net assets acquired and identifiable net assets
- Determining the fair value of consideration paid in the business combination.

4.7 Classification of Bartercard Trade Dollars

Bartercard uses an electronic currency called a Bartercard Trade Dollar. The Group earns Bartercard Trade Dollars for the goods it sells to
customers (trade debits) and uses the Bartercard Trade Dollars to make purchases (trade credits) from other Bartercard holders. The assets
have been classified as indefinite life intangible assets.

Management have classified the Bartercard Trade Dollars as having an indefinite useful life based on the analysis of relevant factors
including:
- the participants in the Bartercard network;
- the availability of relevant goods and services in the Bartercard network;
- an assessment of the future viability of the Bartercard platform as a means of payment;
- the level of expenditure required to maintain a Bartercard account and the Group's intention to continue paying these maintenance fees.

The useful life of the intangible assets are reviewed each period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support the
indefinite useful life estimate.




                                                                      44
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 5: SEGMENT REPORTING

Management has determined the operating segments based on the components of the Group that engage in business activities, which have
discrete financial information available and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group's chief operating decision maker.
The chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors makes decisions about how
resources are allocated to the segments and assesses their performance.

Three reportable segments have been identified as follows:

- Finance
Deposit taking and residential mortgage lending (reportable segment commenced on 19 December 2017 following the acquisition of General
Finance Limited).
- Research and Advisory
Provides investment advisory services and produces and sells investment research and publications (reportable segment commenced on 19
December 2017 following the acquisition of Investment Research Group Limited).
- Corporate and Other
Corporate function and investment activities (the business of the Company was allocated to this reporting segment following the reverse
takeover transaction on 3 August 2018).

                                                   Research and       Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2020              Finance          Advisory             Other      Total Segments         Eliminations       Consolidated
                                       $                $                   $               $                     $                 $
Revenue - interest income             2,842,352             4,025                 62       2,846,439                       -       2,846,439
Revenue - fee income
(finance receivables)                   552,225               1,461                   -          553,686                   -         553,686
Revenue from contracts with
customers
- Advisory fee revenue                        -             91,151                 -              91,151                 -            91,151
- Yearbook and research sales                 -             50,633                 -              50,633                 -            50,633
- Other fee income                       85,931             15,579                 -             101,510          (15,579)            85,931
Other income                             12,761              2,249           111,091             126,101         (113,340)            12,761
Total revenue                         3,493,269            165,098           111,153           3,769,520         (128,919)         3,640,601
Interest expense                    (1,440,704)              (491)               (18)         (1,441,213)                -        (1,441,213)
Fee and commission expense            (128,699)                  -                  -           (128,699)                -          (128,699)
(finance
Cost     receivables)
     of sales                                 -           (32,545)                  -            (32,545)                -           (32,545)
Net revenue                          1,923,866            132,062            111,135           2,167,063         (128,919)         2,038,144
Release / (increase) in
allowance for expected credit           (54,999)                 -                  -            (54,999)                  -         (54,999)
Personnel expenses                     (603,058)          (71,444)           (72,178)           (746,680)                  -        (746,680)
Depreciation and
amortisation                            (26,303)                 -              (934)            (27,237)                  -         (27,237)
Income tax (expense) /                  (60,892)            2,372             (2,387)            (60,907)                  -         (60,907)
benefit
Net Profit After Tax                     441,716          (15,903)          (296,257)             129,556                  -          129,556


Total Assets                         49,138,302          1,301,131           989,136          51,428,569         (265,062)        51,163,507


Total Liabilities                    41,734,879            199,152           112,531          42,046,562         (265,062)        41,781,500

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and other non-current assets (excluding non-current finance receivables):

                                                   Research and       Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2020              Finance          Advisory             Other           Total Segments    Eliminations       Consolidated
                                       $                $                   $                    $                $                 $
Acquired through settlement
of transactions / balances                    -              13,108                -              13,108                   -          13,108
Other                                     4,444                   -          206,276             210,720                   -         210,720
Transfers / reallocations
between segments                               -          (13,108)            13,108                   -                   -               -
                                           4,444                 -           219,384             223,828                   -         223,828


                                                                      45
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 5: SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

                                                   Research and       Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2019              Finance          Advisory             Other      Total Segments        Eliminations       Consolidated
                                       $                $                   $               $                    $                 $
Revenue - interest income             1,475,752               936              2,538       1,479,226                      -       1,479,226
Revenue - fee income
(finance receivables)                   281,176                   -                 -          281,176                    -         281,176
Revenue from contracts with
customers
- Advisory fee revenue                        -           280,320                   -           280,320                  -           280,320
- Yearbook and research sales                 -            43,967                   -            43,967                  -            43,967
- Other fee income                       23,415                 -                   -            23,415                  -            23,415
Other income                             28,163            11,781                   -            39,944           (11,781)            28,163
Total revenue                         1,808,506           337,004               2,538         2,148,048           (11,781)         2,136,267
Interest expense                       (592,791)                 -           (47,479)         (640,270)                  -         (640,270)
Fee and commission expense              (92,332)                 -                  -          (92,332)                  -          (92,332)
(finance receivables)
Cost of sales                                  -          (24,368)                  -          (24,368)                  -          (24,368)
Net revenue                           1,123,383           312,636            (44,941)        1,391,078            (11,781)        1,379,297
Release / (increase) in
allowance for expected credit            19,456                  -                  -           19,456                    -          19,456
Personnel expenses                     (486,670)          (97,207)           (19,133)         (603,010)                   -        (603,010)
Depreciation and
amortisation                            (21,419)             (275)                 -           (21,694)                   -         (21,694)
Acquisition expenses                           -                 -         (103,927)          (103,927)                   -        (103,927)
Cost of acquiring listed shell                 -                 -         (405,280)          (405,280)                   -        (405,280)
Income tax (expense) /                  (34,705)                 -            5,103            (29,602)                   -         (29,602)
benefit
Net Profit After Tax                     124,765            93,971         (676,824)          (458,088)                   -        (458,088)


Total Assets                         21,808,422          1,154,633           997,919        23,960,974            (53,290)       23,907,684


Total Liabilities                    15,065,715            104,822            37,777        15,208,314            (53,290)       15,155,024


Acquisition of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and other non-current assets (excluding non-current finance receivables):

                                                   Research and       Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2019              Finance          Advisory             Other      Total Segments        Eliminations       Consolidated
                                       $                $                   $               $                    $                 $
Business combinations                          -                  -          696,928         696,928                      -         696,928
Acquired through settlement
of transactions / balances                    -           255,875                   -          255,875                    -         255,875
Other                                    35,212                 -                   -           35,212                    -          35,212
Transfers / reallocations
between segments                          6,924          (262,799)           255,875                  -                   -               -
                                         42,136            (6,924)           952,803            988,015                   -         988,015




                                                                      46
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks comprising credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk (interest rate risk) and fair value risk.
6.1 Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and
arises principally from the Group's loan receivables, cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable.

The maximum credit exposure of the Group, assuming a zero value for collateral is $48,565,201 (March 2019: 20,602,360). This includes
loans receivable of $35,189,866 (2019: $17,460,269), undrawn loan commitments of $742,412 (March 2019: $173,528), bank deposits of
$12,542,241 (2019: $2,949,317), accounts receivable of $10,859 (2019: $19,246) and related party receivables of $79,823 (2019: $nil). Of
this exposure, 74.0% is covered by collateral over properties as disclosed in note 11 (2019: 85.6%) and 25.8% is deposited with registered
New Zealand banks (2019: 14.3%).

To manage credit on finance receivables the Group performs credit evaluations on all customers requiring advances. The approval process
considers a number of factors including the value of the security compared to the value of the amount to be borrowed ("loan to valuation
ratio" or "LVR"), the creditworthiness of the borrower and their ability to repay.

The Group operates a credit risk (lending) policy which stipulates the Group's requirements regarding the security and LVR of the borrowing,
the credit worthiness of borrowers, geographical spread, maximum loan exposure size and credit approval authority levels. Decisions on
whether to approve or decline loans are made by the credit committee in line with the Group's credit risk policy. Loan receivables are
subject to regular scrutiny, as a key component of credit risk management. This includes a review of the borrower’s repayment history and
any interest arrears; any changes in the borrowers circumstances which could impact on their ability to repay either interest or principal
amounts on their due date and any movement in the security value.

As at 31 March 2020 the Group’s loan advances are secured as follows: first mortgages 96.1% (March 2019: 86.8%), second mortgages 1.0%
(March 2019: 7.5%) and combined first and second mortgages 2.9% (March 2019: 5.8%).

Loan receivables credit exposures are concentrated in the residential property sector, particularly in the North Island and the Auckland
Market. As at 31 March 2020, advances by the Group in the North Island residential property sector represented 94.9% (March 2019:
96.0%) of its total exposure, with 51.2% (March 2019: 40.9%) being in the Auckland market. The geographical profile of loan receivables is
analysed further as follows:

                                                                                                                       2020                2019
                                                                                                                         $                   $
Northland                                                                                                               2,068,544           2,429,642
Auckland                                                                                                               18,012,270           7,140,043
Waikato                                                                                                                 4,189,996           1,197,481
Tauranga                                                                                                                2,037,576             931,246
Wellington                                                                                                              4,398,852           2,785,633
Other North Island                                                                                                      2,672,401           2,279,399
Canterbury                                                                                                              1,810,227             696,825
Total                                                                                                                  35,189,866          17,460,269

The concentration of the credit exposure to the six largest exposures is 22.2% (March 2019: 30.7%) of the total loan portfolio. The Group
has elected to disclose the largest six exposures as this is considered to provide a meaningful indication of concentration of credit risk. An
exposure is calculated as the total of all loan exposures to a single borrower or group of linked borrowers. The size of loan exposures is
analysed further as follows:

                                                                                                                      2020                2019
                                                                                                                    Number of           Number of
                                                                                                                    Exposures           Exposures
Less than $100,000                                                                                                                1                   7
Between $100,000 and $250,000                                                                                                    17                  19
Between $250,000 and $500,000                                                                                                    25                  11
Between $500,000 and $1,000,000                                                                                                  17                  12
Between $1,000,000 and $1,500,000                                                                                                 8                   2
Between $1,500,000 and $2,000,000                                                                                                 1                   -
Total No. of Exposures                                                                                                           69                  51




                                                                           47
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

The provision for expected credit losses for performing and under-performing loans is detailed and explained in note 11. Gross past due loan
receivables total $5,422,214 (March 2019: $627,706) which equates to 15.4% (March 2019: 3.6%) of total loan receivables.



As shown in the aging analysis of past-due loans below, the balance comprises:

Stage 1         12-month ECL
                Gross loans receivable totalling $3,905,889 (March 2019: $627,706) were past due and the Group has concluded there has
                not been a significant increase in credit risk. Of this balance, $nil (March 2019: 177,808) loans were past due by greater than
                30 days.


Stage 2         Lifetime ECL not credit impaired
                Gross loans receivable totalling $610,369 (March 2019: $nil) were past due by between 30 and 90 days and the Group has
                concluded there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


Stage 3         Lifetime ECL credit impaired
                Gross loans receivable totalling $905,956 (March 2019: $nil) were past due by greater than 90 days and the Group has
                concluded there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


Aging analysis – past due but not considered under-performing loans:
                                                                                                                        2020                 2019
                                                                                                                          $                    $
Up to 30 Days                                                                                                            3,905,889              449,898
31 - 60 Days                                                                                                                610,369             177,808
61 - 90 Days                                                                                                               -                          -
91 - 120 Days                                                                                                               546,788                   -
120+ Days                                                                                                                   359,168                   -
Total                                                                                                                    5,422,214              627,706



The Group is also exposed to credit risk from deposits held with banks. As at balance date, the Group's cash and cash equivalents is held in
New Zealand Registered Banks including 99.3% with Bank of New Zealand (2019: 95.4%), 0.2% with ASB Bank (2019: 2.8%), 0.5% with ANZ
Bank New Zealand (2019: 0.2%) and 0.0% with Heartland Bank (2019: 1.5%).



6.2 Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with financial liabilities as they fall due.

The Group operates a liquidity risk policy and endeavours to maintain sufficient funds to meet its commitments based on forecasted cash
flow requirements. Management has internal control processes and contingency plans to actively manage the lending and borrowing
portfolios to ensure the net exposure to liquidity risk is minimised. The exposure is reviewed on an on-going basis from daily procedures to
monthly reporting as part of the Group's liquidity management policies and processes.




                                                                           48
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

The following tables set out the undiscounted contractual cash flows, and the undiscounted expected cash flows, of the Group’s financial
assets and liabilities. Refer to notes 10, 11 and 15 for respective interest rates. No other monetary assets and liabilities are interest bearing.


                                    Weighted                                        Contractual Cash Flows
2020                                Average                     Total             0-6             7 - 12               13 - 24              24+
                                    Interest                                    Months          Months                Months             Months
                                      Rate                          $                $                 $                     $                $
Financial assets
Bank deposits                         1.26%              12,586,940          12,586,940                  -                   -                  -
Other financial assets                0.00%                  83,221              83,221                  -                   -                  -
Loan receivables                      9.31%              36,794,218          20,544,067        12,085,213           2,720,171          1,444,767
Totals                                                   49,464,379          33,214,228        12,085,213           2,720,171          1,444,767
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                         5.15%              43,666,922          13,544,847        14,189,421         11,776,984           4,155,670
Other payables                        0.00%                  76,217              76,217                  -                  -                   -
Totals                                                   43,743,139          13,621,064        14,189,421         11,776,984           4,155,670


Net cashflow                                              5,721,240          19,593,164        (2,104,208)        (9,056,813)        (2,710,903)


                                    Weighted                                        Contractual Cash Flows
2019                                Average                     Total             0-6             7 - 12               13 - 24              24+
                                    Interest                                    Months          Months                Months             Months
                                      Rate                          $                $                 $                     $                $
Financial assets
Bank deposits                         2.34%               2,975,929           2,975,929                  -                   -                  -
Other financial assets                0.00%                  19,246              19,246                  -                   -                  -
Loan receivables                     10.84%              18,328,573          11,026,087         6,219,791             743,271            339,424
Totals                                                   21,323,748          14,021,262         6,219,791             743,271            339,424
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                         5.53%              15,985,335           4,486,666         3,388,915           5,554,788          2,554,966
Other payables                        0.00%                  71,672              71,672                  -                   -                  -
Totals                                                   16,057,007           4,558,338         3,388,915           5,554,788          2,554,966


Net cashflow                                              5,266,741           9,462,924         2,830,876         (4,811,517)        (2,215,542)




                                                                        49
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                                                    Expected Cash Flows
2020                                                           Total             0-6            7 - 12              13 - 24              24+
                                                                               Months         Months               Months             Months
                                                                   $                $                $                    $                $
Financial assets
Bank deposits                                            12,620,950         12,620,950                 -                  -                 -
Other financial assets                                       83,221             83,221                 -                  -                 -
Loan receivables                                         38,437,399         10,990,318        6,819,638         17,822,591         2,804,852
Totals                                                   51,141,570         23,694,489        6,819,638         17,822,591         2,804,852
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                                            44,968,870         11,235,268        7,439,464          7,856,748        18,437,390
Other payables                                               76,217             76,217                 -                  -                 -
Totals                                                   45,045,087         11,311,485        7,439,464          7,856,748        18,437,390


Net cashflow                                              6,096,483         12,383,004         (619,826)         9,965,843       (15,632,538)


                                                                                    Expected Cash Flows
2019                                                           Total             0-6            7 - 12              13 - 24              24+
                                                                               Months         Months               Months             Months
                                                                   $                $                $                    $                $
Financial assets
Bank deposits                                             2,983,814          2,983,814                 -                  -                 -
Other financial assets                                       19,246             19,246                 -                  -                 -
Loan receivables                                         19,253,822          6,027,147        3,576,872          8,946,765           703,038
Totals                                                   22,256,882          9,030,207        3,576,872          8,946,765           703,038
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                                            17,051,439          1,959,505        1,567,915          2,700,283        10,823,736
Other payables                                               71,672             71,672                 -                  -                 -
Totals                                                   17,123,111          2,031,177        1,567,915          2,700,283        10,823,736


Net cashflow                                              5,133,771          6,999,030        2,008,957          6,246,482       (10,120,698)


The table above shows management’s expected maturities of existing financial assets and liabilities. In determining the expected cash flow,
the following assumptions have been made based on management’s best estimate having regard to current market conditions and past
experience:


  -    Term deposit reinvestment rates assumptions:
         - 25% for maturities up to 30 September 2020;
         - 50% for maturities up to 31 March 2021; and
         - 60% for maturities after 31 March 2021.
         - For March 2019 expected cash flows a 60% reinvestment rate was assumed.
  -    Term deposit reinvestments are made for a weighted average 18-month term (March 2019: 24 months)
  -    50% of loans (March 2019: 50%) not past due repay on existing contractual maturity date, with the balance rolled over at their existing
       interest rates and repaid after a further 12 months.




                                                                       50
                                                            GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

6.3 Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of
financial instruments.

Interest rate risk is the risk of loss to the Group arising from adverse changes in interest rates. The Group's financing activities are exposed
to interest rate risk in respect of its interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. Changes to interest rates can impact the Group's
financial results by affecting the interest spread earned on these assets and liabilities. Interest rates for finance receivables, term deposits,
and bank deposits (other than those on call) are fixed for the term of their respective contracts. Interest rates are repriced on contractual
maturity dates of the financial instruments. There is a risk that different financial instruments (such as finance receivables and term
deposits) are repriced on different dates, i.e. a repricing risk (refer to contractual cash flows under liquidity risk for repricing dates).


The table below summarises the sensitivity of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities to interest rate risk.

                                                           Carrying
2020                                                       Amount            -1% Profit         -1% Equity          +1% Profit         +1% Equity
Financial Assets                                              $                  $                   $                  $                  $
Cash and cash equivalents                                   12,562,241          (125,622)            (90,448)            125,622             90,448
Finance Receivables                                         35,189,866          (351,899)           (253,367)            351,899            253,367

Financial Liabilities
Term Deposits                                               41,520,102             415,201            298,945           (415,201)           (298,945)

Total increase / (decrease)                                                        (62,320)           (44,870)             62,320             44,870


                                                           Carrying
2019                                                       Amount            -1% Profit         -1% Equity          +1% Profit         +1% Equity
Financial Assets                                              $                  $                   $                  $                  $
Cash and cash equivalents                                    2,949,317           (29,493)            (21,235)             29,493             21,235
Finance Receivables                                         17,460,269          (174,603)           (125,714)            174,603            125,714

Financial Liabilities
Term Deposits                                               14,928,161             149,282            107,483           (149,282)           (107,483)

Total increase / (decrease)                                                        (54,814)           (39,466)             54,814             39,466


6.4 Assets carried at fair value

     Level 1            Fair value is calculated using quoted prices in active markets.
     Level 2            Fair value is estimated using inputs other than quoted prices in level 1 that are observable for the assets or liability,
                        either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
     Level 3            Fair value is estimated using inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data.

2020                                                         Note               Level 1           Level 2             Level 3             Total
Fair value assets                                                                 $                 $                    $                  $
Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                              14
comprehensive income - investment in equities                                             -                   -           237,389            237,389

2019                                                                            Level 1           Level 2             Level 3             Total
Fair value assets                                                                 $                 $                    $                  $
Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                              14                          -                   -           190,483            190,483
comprehensive income - investment in equities

Refer to the note annotated for more detail on the valuation methodology.




                                                                           51
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 7: OTHER EXPENSES

Included in other expenses are the following amounts:                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                                              $                 $
Directors fees                                                                                                 152,808           118,783

Auditors Remuneration
- Audit and other assurance services
     - Audit of financial statements                                                                          121,800           123,288
     - Audit of quarterly trustee certificates                                                                  3,623             3,605
- Other Services
     -Taxation compliance                                                                                       9,592            12,813
Total remuneration paid to auditors                                                                           135,015           139,706

NOTE 8: TAXATION

8.1 Income tax
                                                                                                            2020              2019
                                                                                                              $                 $
Net operating profit / (loss) before taxation                                                                  190,463         (428,487)

Income tax (expense) / benefit at prevailing rates                                                            (53,330)          119,976
Tax impact of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                         (7,577)         (160,961)
Recognition of previously unrecognised deferred tax in respect of timing differences1                                -           10,027
Over provision in prior year                                                                                         -            1,357
Taxation expense per the statement of comprehensive income                                                    (60,907)          (29,601)
Comprising:
 - Current tax                                                                                                (75,230)          (27,636)
 - Deferred tax                                                                                                14,323            (1,965)
                                                                                                              (60,907)          (29,601)

1
 Recognition of previously unrecognised deferred tax related to deferred tax not previously recognised by the Company (General Capital
Limited) in respect of accrued expenses. Deferred tax was recognised in the prior period on the basis that taxable losses incurred in the
Company can be offset with taxable income of other entities within the Group.


8.2 Deferred tax asset
                                                                                                            2020              2019
                                                                                                              $                 $
Balance at beginning of year                                                                                    38,408            40,373

(Charged) / credited to profit or loss
Increase / (decrease) in impairment loss provision                                                             15,400            (8,917)
Increase / (decrease) in accrued expenses                                                                      (1,077)           (3,075)
Recognition of previously unrecognised deferred tax                                                                  -           10,027
                                                                                                               14,323            (1,965)
(Charged) / credited to other comprehensive income
Changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                43,273                 -

                                                                                                                96,004           38,408
Deferred tax attributed to:
Impairment loss provision                                                                                       30,424           15,024
Accrued expenses                                                                                                22,307           23,384
Fair value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                               43,273                -
                                                                                                                96,004           38,408




                                                                     52
                                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 8: TAXATION (CONTINUED)

8.3 Imputation credit account
                                                                                                            2020              2019
                                                                                                              $                 $
Balance at beginning of year                                                                                    73,232            35,037
Tax Paid                                                                                                        19,988           142,451
Credits attached to dividends received                                                                               -               142
Imputation credits written off due to change in shareholder continuity1                                              -         (104,398)
                                                                                                                93,220            73,232

1
 Shareholder continuity breached by greater than 66% on conversion of redeemable preference shares in Corporate Holdings Limited (refer
to note 18).

NOTE 9: EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                   2020              2019
                                                                                                                   Cents             Cents
Basic earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity
holders                                                                                                            0.08              (0.46)
Diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity
holders                                                                                                            0.08              (0.36)

                                                                                                            2020              2019
Basic earnings per share                                                                                      $                 $
Profit / (loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
Company used in calculating basic earnings per share:                                                          129,556          (458,088)
Profit / (loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
Company used in calculating diluted earnings per share:                                                        129,556          (458,088)

                                                                                                            2020              2019
                                                                                                           Number            Number
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
denominator in calculating basic earnings per share                                                       159,603,804         98,942,264
Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
- Redeemable preference shares                                                                                      -         27,619,996
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
denominator in calculating diluted earnings per share                                                     159,603,804       126,562,260

The weighted average number of shares up to the date of the reverse acquisition on 3 August 2018 (refer note 21), is represented by the
weighted average number of Corporate Holdings Limited shares on issue during this period, multiplied by the conversion ratio of 16.27. The
conversion ratio is the number of ordinary shares that were issued by the Company for each Corporate Holdings Limited share acquired on
the acquisition date. Diluted earnings per share up to the date of the reverse acquisition reflects the dilutive impact of the Corporate
Holdings Limited redeemable preferences shares that were issued during the year ended 31 March 2018. The redeemable preference shares
converted to ordinary shares in Corporate Holdings Limited on 3 Aug 2018 before being acquired by the Company.


NOTE 10: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                            2020              2019
                                                                                                              $                 $
Cash                                                                                                            20,000                 -
Bank deposit and current accounts                                                                            6,842,241           799,317
Short term bank deposit (original maturity of less than 183 days)                                            5,700,000         2,150,000
                                                                                                            12,562,241         2,949,317

Interest Rates:      On Call: Between 0.00% and 1.60% (March 2019: Between 0.00% and 2.50%).
                     Short term bank deposits: Between 2.40% and 2.75% (March 2019: Between 2.94% and 3.23%).




                                                                     53
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 11: LOAN RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                 2020               2019
                                                                                                                   $                  $
First mortgage advances                                                                                          33,806,493         15,152,307
Second mortgage advances                                                                                            349,917          1,301,526
Combined first and second mortgage advances1                                                                      1,033,456          1,006,436
                                                                                                                 35,189,866         17,460,269
Less deferred fee income and expenditure                                                                           (225,360)          (129,407)
Less impairment allowance                                                                                          (108,657)           (53,658)
Net carrying value                                                                                               34,855,849         17,277,204


Current portion                                                                                                  31,009,328         16,298,686
Non-current portion                                                                                               3,846,521            978,518
                                                                                                                 34,855,849         17,277,204


1
 Loan advance secured by first mortgage over one property and second mortgage over another property. Classified as a second mortgage
for the purposes of calculating General Finance Limited's (subsidiary entity) capital ratio in accordance with the Deposit Takers (Credit
Ratings, Capital Ratios, and Related Party Exposures) Regulations 2010.

Loan receivables represent loans at commercial interest rates. Current loan receivables are contractually repayable within 12 months. Non-
current loan receivables are contractually repayable within 12 months to 3 years of balance date.

At year end there was $742,412 in outstanding loan commitments including future capitalised interest (March 2019: $173,528).

Interest rate: Between 7.05% and 16.50% (2019: Between 8.95% and 16.50%).
Effective interest rate: Between 7.85% and 19.71% (2019: Between 10.04% and 20.34%).
For loans that are in default, additional interest of up to 10% is charged.

The core lending activity of the Group is providing, through a broker network, short term and bridging finance secured by mortgage over
residential property. The majority of loans are entered into with a maturity date within 12 months, with a proposal that repayment will be
funded by the sale of the secured property or through refinancing by the borrower. The Group’s lending policy allows for a maximum “loan
to security value” of 75% (excluding fees and charges) on advances.

At balance date, 37.1% (March 2019: 40.7%) of loans by number and 31.6% (March 2019: 31.4%) by value represent loans that have been
rolled over and are into their second or subsequent credit periods.

Where loans have been rolled over, their classification in these consolidated financial statements as current or non-current, or as past due, is
based on payment due dates as per the terms of the extended contract, and not as per the original or preceding contract.

Borrower payment terms are profiled as follows:
                                                                                                                 2020               2019
                                                                                                                   $                  $
Interest only paid monthly                                                                                       29,098,627         15,300,772
Interest capitalised                                                                                              6,091,239          2,159,497
Total loan receivables                                                                                           35,189,866         17,460,269


Loan fees (for all loans) and interest (for capitalised interest loans) are capitalised to the loan balances when charged and recognised over
the life of the loans using the effective interest method. The associated cash is received when the loans are repaid (or partially repaid).
Income recognised during the financial year from amounts capitalised to loan receivables were as follows:

                                                                                                                 2020               2019
                                                                                                                   $                  $
Interest only paid monthly                                                                                          282,068            137,944
Interest capitalised                                                                                                427,987            281,176
Total loan receivables                                                                                              710,055            419,120




                                                                       54
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 11: LOAN RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)


Reconciliation of gross loan receivable balance movements through ECL stages:

                                                                                            Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL
                                                                          12 month           not credit             credit
                                                                             ECL              impaired            impaired             Total
                                                                              $                   $                    $                 $
Balance as at 31 March 2018                                                  8,599,716                     -           124,700         8,724,416
New loan advances                                                          13,364,314                      -                  -       13,364,314
Repayments                                                                  (4,503,761)                    -          (112,312)       (4,616,073)
Loan balances written off                                                            -                     -            (12,388)          (12,388)
Balance as at 31 March 2019                                                  17,460,269                    -                  -       17,460,269
New loan advances                                                            30,848,719                    -                  -       30,848,719
Repayments                                                                   (13,119,122)                -                  -        (13,119,122)
Transfer to lifetime not credit impaired                                        (610,369)          610,369                  -                  -
Transfer to lifetime credit impaired                                            (905,956)                -            905,956                  -
Balance as at 31 March 2020                                                  33,673,541            610,369            905,956         35,189,866



Reconciliation of movements in impairment allowance by stage:

                                                                                            Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL
                                                                          12 month           not credit             credit
                                                                             ECL              impaired            impaired             Total
                                                                              $                   $                   $                  $
Balance as at 31 March 2018                                                     26,554                     -            58,949             85,503
New loan advances                                                               41,010                     -                 -             41,010
Repayments                                                                     (13,906)                    -           (46,561)           (60,467)
Loan balances written off                                                            -                     -           (12,388)           (12,388)
Balance as at 31 March 2019                                                      53,658                    -                  -           53,658
New loan advances                                                                95,252                    -                  -           95,252
Repayments                                                                       (40,253)                -                   -            (40,253)
Transfer to lifetime not credit impaired                                          (1,885)            1,885                   -                  -
Transfer to lifetime credit impaired                                              (2,797)                -               2,797                  -
Balance as at 31 March 2020                                                     103,975              1,885               2,797           108,657


In instances where the probability of default has increased significantly (a significant increase in credit risk), or where the loan is in default,
the expected credit loss (or loss given default) may not increase significantly due to the Group’s lending criteria which prohibits lending
when the loan to valuation ratio (LVR) exceeds 75%. This means in general that the Group expects that the present value of expected cash
flows from a loan in default to approximate the carrying value of the loan prior to the default event, except in cases where the LVR has
increased considerably due to a reduction in the security property valuation or a significant increase in the loan balance.


The LVR of loans with a significant increase in credit risk or in default was in a range of 44.9% - 64.3% as at 31 March 2020, based on the
security property valuation at origination. As at 31 March 2019 there were no loans with a significant increase in credit risk or in default.




                                                                        55
                                                    GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 12: INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                                        Ownership Interest Held
Subsidiary                                                                                              2020             2019
Corporate Holdings Limited (CHL)                                  Holding company                      100.0%           100.0%
General Finance Limited                                           Finance                              100.0%           100.0%
Investment Research Group Limited                                 Research and advisory                100.0%           100.0%
Commercial and General Finance Limited                            Dormant                              100.0%           100.0%
General Finance & Investments Limited                             Dormant                              100.0%           100.0%
General Finance & Leasing Limited                                 Dormant                              100.0%           100.0%
General Leasing Limited                                           Dormant                              100.0%           100.0%
General Loan and Finance Limited                                  Dormant                              100.0%           100.0%
Mykco Limited (previously named General Capital Limited)          Dormant                              100.0%           100.0%



All subsidiaries have a 31 March balance date.

NOTE 13: INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                          Bartercard
                                                                                               Trade
                                                       Goodwill           Licences           Dollars     Software             Total
                                                             $                   $                 $            $                $
Year ended 31 March 2019
Opening net book amount                              2,350,730            277,000             2,279        33,107        2,663,116
Additions                                                    -                  -             5,795        32,742           38,537
Reverse Acquisition (Note 21)                                -                  -           693,313             -          693,313
Disposals                                                    -                  -          (110,209)            -         (110,209)
Amortisation charge                                          -                  -                 -       (18,201)         (18,201)
Closing net book amount                              2,350,730            277,000           591,178        47,648        3,266,556


At 31 March 2019
Cost                                                  2,350,730           277,000           591,178        65,849        3,284,757
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                       -                 -                 -       (18,201)         (18,201)
Net book amount                                       2,350,730           277,000           591,178        47,648        3,266,556


                                                                                          Bartercard
                                                                                               Trade
                                                       Goodwill           Licences           Dollars     Software             Total
                                                             $                   $                 $            $                $
Year ended 31 March 2020
Opening net book amount                              2,350,730            277,000          591,178         47,648        3,266,556
Additions                                                    -                  -           13,988          4,444           18,432
Disposals                                                    -                  -          (215,384)            -         (215,384)
Amortisation charge                                          -                  -                 -       (22,793)         (22,793)
Closing net book amount                              2,350,730            277,000           389,782        29,299        3,046,811


At 31 March 2020
Cost                                                  2,350,730           277,000           389,782        52,092        3,069,604
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                       -                 -                 -       (22,793)         (22,793)
Net book amount                                       2,350,730           277,000           389,782        29,299        3,046,811




                                                                   56
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 13: INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)



Impairment testing for cash-generating units (CGU) containing brands and licences

Goodwill
Allocated to the finance CGU                                                                                  1,323,729         1,323,729
Allocated to the research and advisory CGU                                                                    1,027,001         1,027,001
                                                                                                              2,350,730         2,350,730


Licences with an indefinite useful life
Allocated to the finance CGU                                                                                    247,000           247,000
Allocated to the research and advisory CGU                                                                       30,000            30,000
                                                                                                                277,000           277,000


The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill and indefinite life licences are outlined above. Goodwill primarily relates to growth
expectations, expected future profitability and the workforce of the CGU's. Management have assessed that there is no foreseeable limit to
the period of time over which the goodwill and licences are expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group and as such they have been
assessed as having an indefinite useful life.


The recoverable amount of the CGUs has been determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use pre-tax cash flow
projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five year period. Cash flows beyond the five year period are
extrapolated using the estimated long term growth rates stated below. The growth rate does not exceed the long term average for the
products, industries or country in which the CGUs operate. For each of the CGU's with goodwill and indefinite life licences, the key
assumptions, long term growth rate and discount rate used in the value in use calculations are as follows.


Finance CGU
Pre-tax free cash flows to equity holders (FCFE) have been forecasted based on growth in the non-bank deposit taking / residential lending
business within the current constraints of the licence / trust deed. The forecasted growth in net cash flows is driven primarily by the net
interest and fee margin from forecasted growth in deposit funding and the loan book. For reference purposes, pre-tax FCFE was $613,698
(2019: 173,925). Significant expenditure has been incurred since the business was purchased by the Group to ensure that the business has
the capacity and resources to allow for the growth.


31 March 2020 Assumptions                          Total Assets   Total Liabilities      Revenue          Expenditure          FCFE
Year one growth assumptions                                 -6.5%            -7.8%            18.1%               27.1%           -24.0%
Year two growth assumptions                                55.5%            63.4%             24.0%               21.3%             45.6%
Year three growth assumptions                              41.3%            43.9%             49.1%               35.6%           137.2%
Year four growth assumptions                                 6.3%              5.0%           19.7%               15.1%             37.1%
Year five growth assumptions                                 6.1%              4.8%            5.9%                4.4%             10.6%


Terminal growth beyond year 5                                                  2.0%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                         13.0%



31 March 2019 Assumptions                          Total Assets   Total Liabilities      Revenue          Expenditure          FCFE
Year one growth assumptions                                62.5%            80.4%             81.0%               58.2%           283.7%
Year two growth assumptions                                18.0%            18.6%             35.0%               22.5%             84.9%
Year three growth assumptions                                7.9%              6.3%           11.5%                8.3%             19.8%
Year four growth assumptions                                 7.6%              5.9%            6.3%                4.9%              9.5%
Year five growth assumptions                                 5.0%              2.8%            4.7%                3.8%              6.6%

Terminal growth beyond year 5                                                  2.0%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                         14.2%




                                                                    57
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 13: INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

In assessing the impairment of the goodwill and licences in the finance CGU, a sensitivity analysis for reasonable possible changes in
assumptions was performed. This included decreasing and increasing the years 1-5 forecasted cash flows (based on the above growth
assumptions) by 25%, decreasing and increasing the terminal growth rate by 0.5%, and decreasing and increasing the discount rate by 1%.
These reasonably possible changes in assumptions did not result in an impairment to the CGU (2019: the same sensitivity analysis did not
result in an impairment to the CGU).

Growth assumptions in the 2020 financial year impairment analysis have factored in the Group's expectations of the impact of COVID-19,
further details can be found in note 4.4.

Research and advisory CGU
Pre-tax free cash flows to the firm (FCFF) has been forecasted based on expected revenue and expenditure growth in the research and
advisory business.



                                                                                                             Working Capital
31 March 2020 Assumptions                                               Net Revenue         Expenditure       Movements1          Pre-tax FCFF
Actual 31 March 2020 year                                                     132,062           (152,586)          (116,022)           (136,546)
Forecast 2021                                                                 337,834           (175,935)            91,151             253,050
Forecast 2022                                                                 342,901           (178,574)                  -            164,327
Forecast 2023                                                                 348,045           (181,252)                  -            166,793
Forecast 2024                                                                 353,265           (183,971)                  -            169,294
Forecast 2025                                                                 358,564           (186,731)                  -            171,833

Terminal growth beyond year five                                                   1.5%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                             15.5%



1
 In the March 2020 year, there was an increase in receivables (working capital) due to billings late in the financial year. This is expected to be
received in the 2021 financial year, hence the corresponding working capital decrease in the 2021 forecast.


31 March 2019 Assumptions
Yearly growth in FCFF (years one - five)                                           5.0%
Terminal growth beyond year five                                                   2.0%
Pre-tax discount rate                                                             16.0%

In the prior year ended 31 March 2019, Management had forecasted pre-tax FCFF of $137,572 for the March 2020 financial year. A mid year
review of the forecast, which considered a significant project in progress at that time, confirmed that the forecast was still achievable (as
disclosed in the 30 September 2019 half year results announcement). Pre-tax FCFF ultimately achieved in the year ended March 2020 was
an outflow of $136,546 (including a working capital increase of $116,022). The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic delayed efforts on key
advisory projects leading up to the financial year end, particularly in relation to capital raising efforts for a key customer contract. This
impacted significantly on the revenue that was achieved in the March 2020 Financial Year compared to forecast.


The forecasted cash flows in the March 2020 impairment anlaysis include assumptions around the probability of achieving certain
milestones in the two contracts that exist at 31 March 2020 as well as expectations around sourcing future advisory contracts and the
expected resulting cashflows.

Assumptions in the 2020 financial year impairment analysis have also factored in the Group's expectations of the future impact of COVID-19.
Further details on the impacts of COVID-19 can be found in Note 4.4.


In assessing the impairment of the goodwill and licences in the research and advisory CGU, a sensitivity analysis for reasonable possible
changes in assumptions was performed. This included decreasing and increasing the years 1-5 forecast cash flows by 100%, decreasing and
increasing the terminal growth rate by 0.5%, and decreasing and increasing the discount rate by 1%. A reduction in forecasted cash flows by
100% would result in an impairment of $1,057,001 (2019: $1,057,001) to the CGU. An increase in the discount rate by 1% would not result in
impairment (2019: impairment of $10,226) to the CGU. The other sensitivity movement did not result in an impairment (2019: no
impairment) to the CGU.



                                                                        58
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 13: INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

Management have determined that a 100% reduction in forecasted cash flows is a reasonably possible change. This is because the cash
flows of the research and advisory group rely most significantly on securing and completing one or more advisory projects per year. Should
this not be achieved, then the net cash flows of the CGU may be breakeven or negative (net cash outflow) in the forecast years. The forecast
has been developed based on historical performance and current advisory opportunities. As at the date of signing there are no known
adverse factors which would impact on the ability of the CGU to achieve the forecasts.

Bartercard trade dollars
Bartercard trade dollars comprise the balance of Bartercard Trade Dollars on hand at period end net of accumulated impairment losses.

For the years ended 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2020 it was determined that the fair value less costs of disposal of the Bartercard trade
dollars was equivalent to the carrying value of the assets. Fair value less costs of disposal was determined based on the fact that all market
participants (being other Bartercard members) accept the terms and conditions of Bartercard which stipulate that a Bartercard Trade Dollar
is equivalent to a New Zealand dollar at the date of exchange in respect of future purchases or goods and services. In addition, as there are
no significant disposal costs associated with settling transactions in Bartercard trade dollars, management have determined that the fair
value less costs of disposal are equal to the carrying value of bartercard trade dollars.


NOTE 14: INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                Note               2020                2019
                                                                                                                     $                   $
Investment in Barter Investments Limited                                                          18                   37,389              35,938
Investment in Sports & Education Corporation Limited                                              18                        -            154,545
Investment in Cannabis and Bioscience Corporation Limited                                         18                 200,000                    -
                                                                                                                     237,389             190,483



Investment in Barter Investments Limited
The 3.72% stake in Barter Investments Limited is held by Investment Research Group Limited. The investment in the unlisted investment
holdings company is classified as a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income. This equity is not quoted in an active
market. The fair value of this equity security is based on the Group's share of the entity's net assets at reporting date as reported in the
entity's financial statements (valuation technique). The majority of the entity's assets and liabilities are reported in their financial statements
at either their fair value or their carrying value which approximates their fair value (the significant unobservable inputs). The inter-
relationship between key unobservable inputs and fair value measurement is that an increase / (decrease) in the net assets would increase /
(decrease) the fair value of the investment. A gain of $1,451 has been recognised in other comprehensive income during the year in relation
to the fair value of the investment (2019: a loss of $14,862).


Investment in Sports & Education Corporation Limited
The 0.96% stake in Sports & Education Corporation Limited (SEC) is held by Investment Research Group Limited and was acquired in late
March 2019 as a portion of revenue for the completion of an advisory project. The investment in the Unlisted Securities Exchange (USX)
listed company which owns various brands in the international sports and education sectors is classified as a financial asset at fair value
through other comprehensive income. The equity securities are quoted on the Unlisted Securities Exchange in New Zealand, however there
has not been significant trading activity in the securities since it was listed in December 2018.

Fair value of SEC investment as at 31 March 2019
The fair value of the investment was estimated by Management to be $0.50 per share based on the quoted price (latest traded price) of the
security of $0.75 per share at 31 March 2019 (an observable input) and a risk adjustment of -33% per share (a significant unobservable
input).

The risk adjustment is estimated by management and represents the expected discount to the quoted price required for the significant
measurement uncertainty (the low level of trading in the security compared to other similar quoted securities). Management have
estimated the discount with reference to publicly available information including the 31 March 2018 financial statements and the listing
profile of the entity. The inter-relationship between the key unobservable input and fair value measurement is that an increase / (decrease)
in the risk adjustment (an increase being a higher discount) would (decrease) / increase the fair value of the investment. No amounts were
recognised in other comprehensive income during the year ended 31 March 2019 in relation to fair value movements of the investment.




                                                                        59
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 14: INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)

Fair value of SEC investment as at 31 March 2020
SEC was put into a trading halt on the USX on 1 August 2019 pending the release of its March 2019 Annual Report which still has not been
released up to the date of signing these financial statements. The Group has determined that the uncertainty inherent in the future cash
flows of the investment are so significant that it is unlikely that a market participant would pay a material amount for the equity stake held
by the Group. The Group has therefore determined that a risk adjustment of -100% per share (a signficant unobservable input) be applied.
This results in a fair value of $nil as at 31 March 2020. The inter-relationship between the key unobservable input and fair value
measurement is that an increase / (decrease) in the risk adjustment (an increase being a higher discount) would (decrease) / increase the
fair value of the investment. A fair value loss of $154,545 before tax has been recognised in other comprehensive income during the year in
relation to the fair value of the investment.


Investment in Cannabis and Bioscience Corporation Limited
The 16.3% equity stake in Cannabis and Bioscience Corporation Limited (CBC) was acquired in January 2020 for the payment of $200,000
bartercard trade dollars. CBC is an unlisted investment holdings company and is a related party by virtue of common directorship as
described in note 18. The investment has been classified as a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income.

The fair value of the investment was estimated by Management to be $0.08 per share as at 31 March 2020 with reference to the
subscription price that the Group paid for CBC's shares and with reference to other third party subcriptions at the same price leading up to
and subsequent to 31 March 2020. The subscription price was set based on expectation of returns from the underlying early stage
investments within CBC. The probability weighted compound annual growth rate of the investments is 14.9%, expected to be realised over a
5 year investment period and discounted back at a risk-adjusted discount rate of 24.5%. No amounts were recognised in other
comprehensive income during the year ended 31 March 2020 (2019: $nil) in relation to fair value movements of the investment.

Inter-relationship between the key unobservable inputs and fair value measurement:
- a decrease in the compound annual growth rate (over the 5 year investment period) by 5% combined with an increase in the risk adjusted
discount rate by 2% would decrease the fair value by $40,000.
- an increase in the compound annual growth rate (over the 5 year investment period) by 5% combined with a decrease in the risk adjusted
discount rate by 2% would increase the fair value by $50,000.



NOTE 15: TERM DEPOSITS



                                                                                                                 2020               2019
                                                                                                                   $                  $
Gross term deposit liability                                                                                    41,520,102         14,928,161
Less deferred commission expenditure                                                                                (69,605)           (27,703)
Net carrying value                                                                                              41,450,497         14,900,458


Contractual repayment terms:
On call                                                                                                            364,006             74,980
Within 12 months                                                                                                26,053,028          7,253,613
Greater than 12 months                                                                                          15,033,463          7,571,865
                                                                                                                41,450,497         14,900,458

Repayment Terms:               On call up to 5 years
Interest Rate:                 3.10% - 6.75% and 1.00% on call (March 2019: 3.75% - 6.75% and 2.00% on call)
Effective Interest Rate:       3.10% - 6.75% and 1.00% on call (March 2019: 3.80% - 6.75% and 2.00% on call)
Security:                      First ranking security interest over the assets and undertakings of General Finance Limited in favour of the
                               Trustee (subject only to any prior security interests permitted by the Trust Deed and preferential claims given
                               priority by operation of law).

The Group has a total of 471 depositors as at 31 March 2020 (March 2019: 222). As at balance date, the largest deposit the Group has is
$1,401,819 (March 2019: $628,149) which represents 3.38% (March 2019: 4.21%) of total deposits. As at balance date the largest aggregate
deposits under a single deposit holder totals $4,763,337 (March 2019: $2,633,389) which represents 11.47% (March 2019: 17.64%) of total
deposits and have a weighted average maturity date of 3.10 months from balance date (March 2019: 6.43 months from balance date). The
largest deposit holder at 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2019 is a director of the Company (refer to note 18).




                                                                      60
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 15: TERM DEPOSITS (CONTINUED)

Further analysis of gross deposit funding is as follows:

Concentration of funding                                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                                                                $              $
Northland                                                                                                     1,331,034         309,106
Auckland                                                                                                     17,905,252       5,862,445
Waikato                                                                                                       3,350,350       1,093,667
Bay of Plenty                                                                                                 4,259,303       1,387,313
Wellington                                                                                                    2,696,853       1,312,135
Other North Island                                                                                            2,892,174       1,430,059
South Island                                                                                                  3,496,951         880,321
Overseas *                                                                                                    5,588,185       2,653,115
Total gross term deposit liability                                                                           41,520,102      14,928,161


*The largest deposit holder resides overseas and is a director of the Company (refer to note 18).

Contractual maturity of funding                                                                              2020            2019
                                                                                                               $               $
Maturing in 0 - 6 months                                                                                     12,872,122       4,190,400
Maturing in 6 - 12 months                                                                                    13,561,058       3,141,478
Maturing in 12 - 24 months                                                                                   11,171,206       5,185,710
Maturing after 24 months                                                                                       3,915,716      2,410,573
Total gross term deposit liability                                                                            41,520,102     14,928,161

Profile of deposit holders                                                  2020             2020            2019            2019
                                                                                               $                               $
Deposits over $200,000                                                        38             19,755,073        12             6,165,149
Deposits $100,000 - $200,000                                                  62              8,892,406        18             2,598,273
Deposits $50,000 - $100,000                                                  102              7,040,426        44             3,159,596
Deposits $20,000 - $50,000                                                   135              4,360,750        60             1,913,651
Deposits $10,000 - $20,000                                                    70              1,017,019        48               775,251
Deposits under $10,000                                                        64                454,428        40               316,241
Total gross term deposit liability                                           471             41,520,102       222            14,928,161


Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                           Opening                                          Opening
                                                                           Balance         Financing        Non-cash         Balance
                                                                            1 April       Cash Flows        Changes1        31 March
                                                                               $               $               $                $
For the year ended 31 March 2020
Term deposits                                                               14,928,161       26,393,382         198,559      41,520,102
Total                                                                       14,928,161       26,393,382         198,559      41,520,102


For the year ended 31 March 2019
Term deposits                                                                9,862,540          5,058,474           7,147    14,928,161
Total                                                                        9,862,540          5,058,474           7,147    14,928,161

1
    Non-cash changes relate to the movement in unpaid interest in the term deposit balance.


NOTE 16: OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

Redeemable preference shares - type 2                                                                        2020            2019
                                                                                                               $               $
Balance at beginning of period                                                                                         -      1,452,521
Unwind of discount                                                                                                     -         47,479
Conversion to ordinary shares in Corporate Holdings Limited                                                            -     (1,500,000)
                                                                                                                       -               -
Refer to note 17 for further details on the terms of the type 2 redeemable preference shares.


                                                                      61
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 17: EQUITY


As described in note 21, these consolidated financial statements have been prepared as a continuation of the financial statements of
Corporate Holdings Limited (CHL), as such the carrying amount of share capital reflects the value of shares issued by CHL (up to the date of
the reverse acquisition transaction described in note 21). However as General Capital Limited (formerly Mykco Limited) is the legal parent of
the Group, and the listed entity, the number of ordinary shares shown below represent the number of shares on issue by General Capital
Limited.

                                                                                     2020                              2019
                                                         Note               Number             $              Number               $
Ordinary shares                                           (a)               161,655,643       10,176,204      153,845,313          9,573,495

(a) Ordinary shares                                                                                               Ordinary shares
                                                                                                              Number              $
Balance at 1 April 2018                                                                                        19,616,874        1,448,503
Conversion of redeemable preference shares to ordinary shares - equity portion (note 17(b))                             -        3,580,104
Conversion of redeemable preference shares to ordinary shares - financial liability portion (note 17(b))                -        1,500,000
Ordinary shares issued on reverse acquisition transaction (note 21)1                                          104,323,240        1,121,259
Ordinary shares issued - placements2                                                                           27,502,221          1,856,400
Ordinary shares issued - share purchase plan2                                                                   2,402,978            162,200
Transaction costs arising on shares issued                                                                              -            (94,971)
Balance at 31 March 2019                                                                                      153,845,313          9,573,495
Exercise of warrants:
Ordinary shares issued on 30 September 2019 - exercise of GENWA Warrants3                                       7,083,296           548,955
Ordinary shares issued on 30 September 2019 - exercise of GENWB Warrants3                                             354                 32
Ordinary shares issued on 31 March 2020 - exercise of GENWA Warrants3                                             721,292            55,900
Ordinary shares issued on 31 March 2020 - exercise of GENWB Warrants3                                               5,388                485
Transaction costs arising on shares issued                                                                              -            (2,663)
                                                                                                                7,810,330           602,709
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                                                      161,655,643        10,176,204

All ordinary shares rank equally and entitle the holder to participate in dividends and to share in the proceeds of winding up the Company in
proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. One vote is attached to each fully-paid ordinary share. Shares have no
par value. The Company was listed on the NZAX, the secondary market of the New Zealand Stock Exchange up to 1 July 2019, the date it
migrated to the NZX main board.

1
 As detailed in note 21, the acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited was settled on 3 August 2018 by the issue of 104,323,240 ordinary
shares in General Capital Limited at a fair value of $1,121,259.

2
 In the prior year ended 31 March 2019, the Company issued shares at 6.75 cents per share on 7 December 2018 in relation to a share
purchase plan and placement of shares. Further details of these transactions is included below:

(i)     Shareholder Purchase Plan
        2,402,978 ordinary shares have been issued to 39 shareholders with an aggregate subscription value of $162,200.

(ii)    Placements
        18,615,073 ordinary shares have been issued to wholesale investors for an aggregate subscription value of $1,256,518.
        1,037,037 ordinary shares have been issued to Directors and Senior Managers for an aggregate subscription value of $70,000. (refer to
        note 18)
        7,850,111 ordinary shares have been issued to Borneo Capital Limited (Borneo) for an aggerate subscription value of $529,883 to allow
        Borneo to maintain its current 26.25% shareholding in the Company. (refer to note 18)
3
    The following warrants were exercised during the 31 March 2020 Financial year (2019: none).
        -7,083,296 GENWA Warrants were exercised on 30 September 2019 at $0.0775 per warrant for a total exercise price of $548,955. This
        included 6,630,780 GENWA warrants exercised by Key Management Personnel for a total exercise price of $513,885 (refer to note 18).
        -354 GENWB Warrants were exercised on 30 September at $0.09 per warrant for a total exercise price of $32.
        -721,292 GENWA Warrants were exercised on 31 March 2020 at $0.0775 per warrant for a total exercise price of $55,900.
        -5,388 GENWB Warrants were exercised on 31 March 2020 at $0.09 per warrant for a total exercise price of $485.



                                                                       62
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 17: EQUITY (CONTINUED)

(b) Redeemable preference shares                                      Redeemable preference shares -   Redeemable preference shares -
                                                                                  type 1                           type 2
                                                                        Number              $            Number              $
Balance at 1 April 2018                                                    3,457,000        3,474,850       1,500,000          105,254
Conversion to ordinary shares                                            (3,457,000)      (3,474,850)     (1,500,000)        (105,254)
Balance at 31 March 2019                                                            -                -               -                -
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                            -                -               -                -



(i) Redeemable preference shares - type 1
Corporate Holdings Limited issued 3,100,000 type 1 redeemable preference shares at an issue price of $1.00 per share on 15 December
2017 and a further 357,000 type 1 redeemable preference shares on 26 January 2018 at an issue price of $1.05 per share .

The terms of the subscription agreement entitled Corporate Holdings Limited to convert the preference shares into ordinary Corporate
Holdings Limited Shares (on a 1:1 basis) or to repay the holder. The Group did not have a contractual obligation (including contingent) to
deliver cash or other financial assets to the holders of these redeemable preference shares, as such they have accordingly been recorded as
equity instruments. The shares were converted to ordinary shares in Corporate Holdings Limited on 3 August 2018 prior to the reverse
acquisition transaction described in note 21.

(ii) Redeemable preference shares - type 2
Corporate Holdings Limited issued 1,500,000 type 2 redeemable preference shares at an issue price of $1.00 per share on 15 December
2017.


The terms of the subscription agreement allowed entitled Corporate Holdings Limited to convert the preference shares into ordinary shares
of Corporate Holdings Limited (on a 1:1 basis) if the acquisition described in note 21 was completed within 180 days from the issue date.
There was a contingent obligation to deliver cash to the holder if the Group did not complete its obligation to complete the acquisition
within that timeframe (which was later extended). The type 2 redeemable preference shares have accordingly been recognised as a financial
liability at amortised cost (refer to note 16) and had a fair value on initial recognition of $1,394,746, with the balance of $105,254 being
recognised in equity. The shares were converted to ordinary shares in Corporate Holdings Limited on 3 August 2018 prior to the reverse
acquisition transaction described in note 21.


(d) Warrants                                                                  GENWA Warrants                    GENWB Warrants
                                                                           Number          $                 Number          $
Balance at 1 April 2018                                                              -                 -               -                   -
                                        1
Issue of Warrants - 11 December 2018                                       153,845,313                 -     307,690,626                   -
Balance at 31 March 2019                                                   153,845,313                 -     307,690,626                   -
Exercise of GENWA Warrants - 30 September 20192                           (7,083,296)                  -                 -                 -
Exercise of GENWB Warrants - 30 September 20192                                     -                  -             (354)                 -
Exercise of GENWA Warrants - 31 March 20202                                 (721,292)                  -                 -                 -
Exercise of GENWB Warrants - 31 March 20202                                         -                  -           (5,388)                 -
Warrants lapsed on expiry date3                                         (146,038,725)                  -                 -                 -
Issue of GENWB warrants to directors and senior managers - 25
June 2019 (note 19)                                                                  -                 -       12,650,000             4,672
Issue of GENWB warrants to directors and senior managers - 17
January 2020 (note 19)                                                               -                 -         400,000              2,231
Balance at 31 March 20203                                                        2,000                 -     320,734,884              6,903

1
    On 11 December 2018 the Company issued the following warrants:
     - 153,845,313 2020 warrants (GENWA) were issued, 146,026,771 to eligible shareholders and 7,818,542 to a Holding Account managed
        by the Company. All warrants were issued on a basis of one warrant for each share held on record date. The warrants were exercisable
        on or before 31 March 2020 at 7.75 cents per share for each warrant held. Further details are in the offer document.

    -   307,690,626 2021 warrants (GENWB) were issued, 292,053,229 to eligible shareholders and 15,637,084 to a Holding Account managed
        by the Company. All warrants were issued on a basis of two warrants for each share held on record date. The warrants are exercisable
        on or before 30 November 2021 at 9.00 cents per share for each warrant held. Further details are in the offer document.




                                                                      63
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 17: EQUITY (CONTINUED)

A tender process was settled on 30 September 2019 for 7,778,542 GENWA warrants and 15,557,084 GENWB warrants that had originally
been issued to a holding account in relation to the warrant issue on 11 December 2018 described above. The GENWA warrants were sold to
tenderers for total proceeds of $4,068 and the GENWB shares were sold for total proceeds of $4,718. As part of this transaction, 7,540,601
GENWA warrants were purchased by Key Management Personnel for total proceeds of $3,013 and 15,357,084 GENWB warrants were
purchased by Key Management Personnel for total proceeds of $3,068.

2
    Refer to Note 17(a) for further details on warrants exercised.

3
 The Group allowed a minor parcel of 2,000 GENWA warrants to be exercised after the 31 March 2020 expiry date (on 15 April 2020) as the
exercise form was received late due to mail delays.

(e) Reserves
                                                                                          Financial Assets   Share-based           Total
                                                                                             at FVOCI         payments            Reseves
                                                                            Notes                $                $                  $
Balance at 1 April 2018                                                                                  -                  -                 -
Revaluation of financial assets at FVOCI                                     14                   (14,862)                  -          (14,862)
Balance at 31 March 2019                                                                          (14,862)                  -          (14,862)
Revaluation of financial assets at FVOCI                                     14                  (153,094)                 -          (153,094)
Income tax arising on revaluation of financial assets at FVOCI                8                     43,273                 -             43,273
Share-based payment expense                                                  19                          -             6,903              6,903
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                                         (124,683)             6,903          (117,780)



NOTE 18: RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS

Major shareholders, directors, directors of subsidiaries and closely related persons or entities to them are considered related parties of the
Group.

The Group had dealings with the following related parties during the reporting periods:

Related party                                        Relationship
Directors (Refer to Director Profiles)               Directors
Alistair Ward                                        Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited) - up to 16 September 2019
Donald Hattaway                                      Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited)
Garth Ward                                           Director of Subsidiary (Corporate Holdings Limited) - up to 14 September 2019
Gregory Pearce                                       Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited)
Robert Hart                                          Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited)
Almond Draw Limited                                  Common Director - up to 14 September 2019
Barter Investments Limited                           Common Director
Borneo Capital Limited                               Common Director
Campbell MacPherson Limited                          Common Director
Cannabis & Bioscience Corporation Limited            Common Director
Ellice Tanner Hart Limited                           Common Director
Equity Investment Advisers Limited                   Common Director
Moneyonline Limited                                  Common Director
Pegasus Golf Limited                                 Common Director with Sports & Education Corporation Limited2 (parent company of
                                                     Pegasus Golf Limited)
Snowdon Peak Limited                                 Common Director
Sports & Education Corporation Limited2              Common Director




                                                                       64
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 18: RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

Related party receivables:                                                                                   2020              2019
                                                                                                               $                 $
Cannabis & Bioscience Corporation Limited                                                                        79,823                   -
                                                                                                                 79,823                   -

Related party payables:                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                                               $                 $
Brent King                                                                                                            442             1,870
Equity Investment Advisers Limited                                                                                  2,126                 -
Moneyonline Limited                                                                                                   357             6,072
                                                                                                                    2,925             7,942


As at the prior year ended 31 March 2019, the group also had $2,985 payable to Equity Investment Advisers Limited included in accounts
and other payables on the statement of financial position (2020: $nil).
The above amounts payable to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

Other related party balances:
                                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                                               $                 $
Term deposits held by directors and subsidiary directors                                                      5,623,275         2,834,450

Loan receivable exposure to Pegasus Golf Limited                                                                        -         389,564



Transactions with related parties                                                                            2020              2019
Related Party                 Type                 Transaction                                                 $                 $
Key Management Personnel1
                                Expense            Short term Remuneration                                      645,043           415,467
                                                   Interest paid or capitalised on term deposits
                                Expense            investments held                                             177,859            55,626

                                Expense            Recharge of expenses                                         107,075            36,035
Almond Draw Limited
                                Expense            Consultant fees                                                  7,500          44,775
Ellice Tanner Hart Limited
                              Expense              Legal Fees                                                         -                 -
Equity Investment Advisers Limited
                              Expense              Recharge of salary costs                                      57,676            50,156
                              Expense              Brokerage paid                                                79,984            23,638
                              Expense              Recharge of expenses                                           4,830                 -
                              Revenue              Advertising fees                                               1,500                 -
Moneyonline Limited           Expense              Recharge of expenses                                         132,576            99,352
Campbell MacPherson
Limited                       Revenue              Advertising fees                                                   -             2,500
Pegasus Golf Limited2         Revenue              Fees and interest capitalised to loan balance                 15,506            13,036
Cannabis & Bioscience
Corporation Limited           Revenue              Advisory fees                                                 91,151                   -
Sports and Education
Corporation Limited2            Revenue            Advisory fees2                                                       -         274,100

1
 Key Management Personnel includes the Company’s Directors since 3 August 2018, the date of the reverse acquisition (refer to note 21),
subsidiary company directors, and the Chief Financial Officer in the 31 March 2020 financial year.
2
 Since 30 November 2018, the date Sports & Education Corporation Limited became a related party by virtue of common directorship. The
related party relationship ceased on 10 October 2019.




                                                                       65
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 18: RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

Other related party transactions:
All of the shares of Corporate Holdings Limited ("CHL") (other than those already owned by the Company) were ultimately acquired by the
Company (by issuing the Company's shares to CHL's shareholders) in the reverse acquisition transaction on 3 August 2018 described in note
21. This included the 100,000 CHL shares that were owned by Garth Ward prior to 1 April 2017 (which had a par value of $0.01 per share at
1 April 2017). Refer to note 17 for further details on share capital and redeemable preference shares.

During the year ended 31 March 2018 2,000,000 CHL redeemable preference shares (type 1) were issued to Borneo Capital Limited for
consideration of $2,000,000. These redeemable preference shares were converted to ordinary CHL shares on 3 August 2018 and were
ultimately purchased by the Company (by issuing the Company's shares to CHL's shareholders) in the reverse acquisition transaction on 3
August 2018 described in note 21. Refer to note 17 for further details on share capital and redeemable preference shares.

On 27 July 2018, an executive director of General Finance Limited contributed $150,000 towards a loan receivable of the Group on equal
terms with the Group in respect of the proportion contributed. The loan contribution was repaid by the Group on 11 December 2018. The
proportion of interest in relation to the contribution totalled $5,039 and the proportion of fee income in relation to the contribution totalled
$2,000.

As detailed in note 17(a), on 7 December 2018 1,037,037 ordinary shares have been issued to Directors and Senior Managers for an
aggregate subscription value of $70,000 and 7,850,111 ordinary shares have been issued to Borneo Capital Limited (Borneo) for an aggerate
subscription value of $529,883.
Directors and other related parties received warrants issued on 11 December 2018 in the same ratio as all other shareholders in respect of
the ordinary shares that they owned at that date (refer to note 17(d)).
As detailed in note 17(a), 6,630,780 GENWA warrants were exercised by Key Management Personnel on 30 September 2019 for a total
exercise price of $513,885.
As detailed in note 17(d), 7,540,601 GENWA warrants were purchased by Key Management Personnel for total proceeds of $3,013 and
15,357,084 GENWB warrants were purchased by Key Management Personnel for total proceeds of $3,068 on 30 September 2019.


NOTE 19: SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

(a) Warrants issued to directors and senior managers

An issue of up to 20 million GENWB warrants to directors and senior managers, to be allocated at the Board's discretion, was approved by
shareholders at a special meeting dated 29 November 2018.

The issue of warrants provides long-term incentives for directors and senior managers to deliver long-term shareholder value.

The warrants have the same terms as GENWB warrants that were issued to shareholders in December 2018. They are exercisable on or
before 30 November 2021 at 9.00 cents per share for each warrant held.

During the year ended 31 March 2020, a total of 13,050,000 warrants were issued to Directors and Senior Managers, 12,650,000 on 25 June
2019 and a further 400,000 on 17 January 2020.

                                                                                                            Directors' and Senior Managers'
                                                                                                                        Warrants1
                                                                                                               Number          Fair Value $
Balance at 1 April 2018                                                                                                     -                  -
Balance at 31 March 2019                                                                                                    -                  -
Issue of GENWB warrants to directors and senior managers - 25
June 2019                                                                                                        12,650,000               4,672
Issue of GENWB warrants to directors and senior managers - 17
January 2020                                                                                                        400,000               2,231
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                                                         13,050,000               6,903
1
 The above table only includes GENWB warrants issued to Directors and Senior Managers in respect of their services provided to the Group.
It excludes any warrants that were issued to Directors and Senior Managers pro rata with other shareholders in respect of their shareholding
at 11 December 2018 (refer to note 17). For details of Directors transactions and balances in shares and warrants refer to Shareholder and
Statutory Information.




                                                                       66
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 19: SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)

Fair value of warrants issued to directors and senior managers

The fair value at grant date of warrants issued is determined using the Black Scholes Model that takes into account the exercise price, the
term of the warrant, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield, the risk
free interest rate for the term of the warrants.

Inputs into model                                                                                                   Warrants Issued
                                                                                                               25-Jun-19        17-Jan-20
Warrants issued                                                                                                  12,650,000           400,000
Exercise price per warrant                                                                                        9.00 cents        9.00 cents
Share price at grant date                                                                                         6.00 cents        8.00 cents
Expected price volatility of the Company's shares2                                                                   15.13%            20.00%
Risk free interest rate                                                                                               0.84%             0.99%
Fair value per warrant                                                                                         0.0369 cents       0.5576 cents
Total fair value of warrants issued3                                                                       $         4,672 $            2,231

2
  The expected price volatility is based on the historical volatility of the shares and adjusted for any expected changes to future volatlity.
Transactions in GENWB Warrants (which are also listed on the NZX) have also been considered when determining the expected price
volatility of the Company's shares at grant date.
3
  The fair value of warrants on grant date is recorded as a share-based payments expense included within personnel expenses in the
Statement of Comprehensive Income and in reserves (refer note 17(e)).




                                                                      67
                                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 20: RECONCILIATION OF NET SURPLUS WITH CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                              Note              2020             2019
                                                                                                                  $                $
Net profit / (loss) after tax                                                                                       129,556       (458,088)

Adjustment for non-cash and other items
Bad debts written off - loan receivables                                                                                  -          12,388
Movement in allowance for expected credit losses                                                                     54,999        (31,844)
Deferred tax movement through profit or loss                                                    8                  (14,323)           1,965
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                        27,237          21,694
Fair value of warrants issued to directors and senior managers                                 19                     6,903               -
Income received in non-cash financial assets                                                                              -       (165,600)
Expenses paid in non-cash financial assets                                                                                -          11,055
Loss on acquisition of listed shell                                                                                       -         405,280
Interest on redeemable preference shares                                                                                  -          47,479

Adjustment for movements in working capital1
(Increase) / decrease in loan receivables (net advances)                                                       (17,091,608)      (8,516,032)
(Increase) / decrease in accrued interest on loans receivable                                                     (112,604)           (9,940)
(Increase) / decrease in capitalised loan fees                                                                    (306,999)        (135,185)
(Increase) / decrease in capitalised interest                                                                     (213,292)         (82,223)
(Increase) / decrease in accounts receivable                                                                           3,292          (5,440)
(Increase) / decrease in related party receivable                                                                  (79,823)                 -
(Increase) / decrease in prepayments and other current assets                                                     (151,679)         (14,237)
(Increase) / decrease in prepaid commission                                                                        (41,901)         (19,286)
(Increase) / decrease in bartercard trade dollars2                                                                     1,396         104,414
Increase / (decrease) in income tax payable                                                                          54,147        (114,786)
Increase / (decrease) in deferred income                                                                             95,954           63,849
Increase / (decrease) in interest payable                                                                           198,558             7,177
Increase / (decrease) in related party payable                                                                       (5,017)       (133,400)
Increase / (decrease) in accounts and other payables                                                                 72,757         (22,519)
Net cash (outflow) / inflow from operating activities                                                          (17,372,447)      (9,033,279)

1
    Movements in the 2019 year are net of working capital amounts acquired in business combinations (note 21).
2
    Movement in the 2020 year net of $200,000 bartercard trade dollars used for acquisition of an equity investment (note 14).




                                                                       68
                                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 21: BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (PRIOR YEAR)

Reverse acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited

On 3 August 2018, General Capital Limited, acquired Corporate Holdings Limited through the issue of 104,323,240 ordinary shares to the
vendors of Corporate Holdings Limited.

Under the terms of the Sale and Purchase agreement dated 28 May 2018, that was approved by shareholders at a Special Meeting on 31
July 2018, the acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited was settled by 104,323,240 ordinary shares in General Capital Limited.

For financial reporting purposes the directors have determined that due to the nature of the transaction and the parties involved that the
acquisition should be classified as a "reverse acquisition" where Corporate Holdings Limited is treated as the acquirer of General Capital
Limited. The consolidated financial statements prepared following a "reverse acquisition" are issued under the name of the legal parent,
General Capital Limited (the accounting acquiree), but are a continuation of the financial statements of Corporate Holdings Limited (the
accounting acquirer), a company that was incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand on 16 March 2017.

Under reverse acquisition accounting, the cost of the business combination is deemed to have been the incurred by the legal subsidiary,
Corporate Holdings Limited (the accounting acquirer) in the form of equity instruments issued to the owners of the legal parent, General
Capital Limited, (the accounting acquiree). The consideration of $1,121,259 is the fair value of the shares that were issued in relation to the
transaction. The fair value of shares issued is calculated as the percentage of ownership of Corporate Holdings Limited forgone by its original
shareholders divided by the percentage of ownership of General Capital Limited obtained by CHL's shareholders in the transaction multiplied
by the fair value of Corporate Holdings Limited on acquisition date. The difference between the deemed value of the shares issued and the
fair value of net assets acquired of $405,280 is recorded as a loss in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.


The primary reason for the business combination was to effect the reverse listing of Corporate Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries.


Details of the transaction were:
                                                                                                                  $
Fair value of consideration transferred
Shares issued as consideration                                                                                   1,121,259
Total Consideration                                                                                              1,121,259

Identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed
- Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         85,735
- Other current assets                                                                                              22,809
- Intangible assets - bartercard trade dollars (note 14)                                                           693,313
- Accounts and other payables                                                                                      (85,878)
Net assets acquired                                                                                                715,979
Loss on acquiring listed shell                                                                                     405,280
                                                                                                                 1,121,259

 Contribution to Group results
Since the acquisition date General Capital Limited has contributed revenue of $nil (2019: $2,538) and a loss after tax of $296,256 (2019:
$163,210) which is included within the loss for the Group. Had the combination occurred from the beginning of the year ended 31 March
2019, the operating loss for General Capital Limited included in the Group in that year would have been $421,177 and revenue would have
been $3,750.




                                                                      69
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 22: COMPARISON TO PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Prospective consolidated financial statements were prepared for the Group within the disclosure document dated 16 July 2018 as part of
the special meeting dated 31 July 2018. The prospective financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020 are compared to the actual
results achieved for that year.

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                                                        prospective
                                                                                        Actual         information*
                                                                                      Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                       31 March          31 March
                                                                                         2020              2020            Variance
                                                                                           $                 $                 $

Interest income                                                                           2,846,439         4,363,475       (1,517,036)
Interest expense                                                                         (1,441,213)       (1,860,370)          419,157
Net interest income                                                                       1,405,226         2,503,105       (1,097,879)

Fee and commission income                                                                   553,686           696,772         (143,086)
Fee and commission expense                                                                 (128,699)          (50,000)         (78,699)
Net fee and commission income                                                               424,987           646,772         (221,785)


Revenue from contracts with customers                                                       227,715           385,000         (157,285)
Cost of sales                                                                               (32,545)          (25,000)          (7,545)
Gross profit from contracts with customers                                                  195,170           360,000         (164,830)

Other income                                                                                 12,761            25,000          (12,239)
Net revenue                                                                               2,038,144         3,534,877       (1,496,733)


Release / (increase) in allowance for expected credit losses                                (54,999)         (100,000)          45,001
Personnel expenses                                                                         (746,680)         (470,000)        (276,680)
Occupancy expenses                                                                         (117,373)          (90,000)         (27,373)
Depreciation                                                                                 (4,444)                 -          (4,444)
Amortisation of intangibles                                                                 (22,793)                 -         (22,793)
Other expenses                                                                             (901,392)       (1,044,000)         142,608
Acquisition expenses                                                                               -                 -                -
Loss on acquiring listed shell                                                                     -                 -                -
                                                                                         (1,847,681)       (1,704,000)        (143,681)

Profit before income tax expense                                                            190,463         1,830,877       (1,640,414)
Income tax (expense) / benefit                                                              (60,907)         (517,765)          456,858
Net profit after income tax expense                                                         129,556         1,313,112       (1,183,556)

Other comprehensive income
Changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value                              (153,094)                 -        (153,094)
throughtax
Income  other comprehensive
           on these  items     income                                                         43,273                 -           43,273
Other comprehensive income for the year                                                    (109,821)                -         (109,821)
Total comprehensive income                                                                   19,735         1,313,112       (1,293,377)

*Where applicable, amounts have been reclassified for consistency with 31 March 2020 consolidated financial statements.




                                                                   70
                                                     GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 22: COMPARISON TO PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                                                        prospective
                                                                                        Actual         information*
                                                                                         as at             as at
                                                                                       31 March          31 March
                                                                                         2020              2020           Variance
                                                                                           $                 $                $
Equity
Share capital                                                                            10,176,204         8,282,353       1,893,851
Retained earnings                                                                          (676,417)        2,110,133      (2,786,550)
Other reserves                                                                             (117,780)                -        (117,780)
Total equity                                                                              9,382,007        10,392,486      (1,010,479)

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                12,562,241         4,106,490       8,455,751
Accounts receivables                                                                         10,859           152,215        (141,356)
Related party receivables                                                                    79,823                 -           79,823
Finance receivables                                                                      34,855,849        50,642,044     (15,786,195)
Other current assets                                                                        266,523            25,000          241,523
Income taxation receivable                                                                        -                 -                -
Property, plant and equipment                                                                 8,008                 -            8,008
Deferred tax asset                                                                           96,004            49,813           46,191
Financial assets at fair value through other                                                237,389                 -          237,389
comprehensive
Intangible       income
           assets and  goodwill                                                           3,046,811         3,227,077        (180,266)
Total assets                                                                             51,163,507        58,202,639      (7,039,132)
Liabilities
Accounts and other payables                                                                 319,381           215,683          103,698
Related party payables                                                                        2,925                 -            2,925
Income taxation payable                                                                       8,697           220,000        (211,303)
Term deposits                                                                            41,450,497        47,374,470      (5,923,973)
Total liabilities                                                                        41,781,500        47,810,153      (6,028,653)
Net assets                                                                                9,382,007        10,392,486      (1,010,479)



Consolidated summarised statement of changes in equity
                                                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                                                        prospective
                                                                                        Actual         information*
                                                                                      Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                       31 March          31 March
                                                                                         2020              2020           Variance
                                                                                           $                 $                $

Total equity as at 1 April 2019                                                           8,752,660         9,079,374        (326,714)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                      19,735         1,313,112      (1,293,377)
Transactions with owners                                                                    609,612                 -          609,612
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                                  9,382,007        10,392,486      (1,010,479)

*Where applicable, amounts have been reclassified for consistency with 31 March 2020 consolidated financial statements.




                                                                   71
                                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 22: COMPARISON TO PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                                                                           Unaudited
                                                                                                          prospective
                                                                                          Actual         information*
                                                                                           as at             as at
                                                                                         31 March          31 March
                                                                                           2020              2020            Variance
                                                                                             $                 $                 $

Cash flow from operating activities
Interest received                                                                          2,520,543          4,219,480        (1,698,937)
Receipts from customers                                                                       491,332         1,315,258          (823,926)
Other income                                                                                   12,761                  -            12,761
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                       (2,041,737)        (1,593,782)         (447,955)
Interest paid                                                                             (1,242,655)        (1,470,591)           227,936
Income tax paid                                                                              (21,083)          (355,165)           334,082
Finance receivables (net advances)                                                       (17,091,608)       (27,356,005)       10,264,397
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                (17,372,447)      (25,240,805)         7,868,358

Cash flow from investing activities
Acquisition of subsidiaries (net of cash acquired)                                                   -                  -                -
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                      (6,276)                  -          (6,276)
Purchase of software                                                                           (4,444)                  -          (4,444)
Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities                                         (10,720)                  -         (10,720)

Cash flow from financing activities
Issue of ordinary shares                                                                      602,709                 -            602,709
Issue of redeemable preference shares                                                      26,393,382                 -        26,393,382
Term deposits (net receipts)                                                                        -        25,595,496       (25,595,496)
Net cash provided by financing activities                                                  26,996,091        25,595,496         1,400,595

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the reporting period                              2,949,317         3,751,799          (802,482)
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents held during
the reporting period                                                                        9,612,924           354,691         9,258,233
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the reporting period                                   12,562,241         4,106,490         8,455,751



*Where applicable, amounts have been reclassified for consistency with 31 March 2020 consolidated financial statements.


Key drivers of variances:

As noted in the Group's 31 March 2019 annual report which compared the 2019 results to the 2019 prospective financial information, the
growth in the finance receivables book and term deposit liabilities was not as fast as was originally anticipated. Whilst the balance sheet
growth has been significant in the year ended 31 March 2020, due to the delayed growth the loan receivable book is $15.8m behind forecast
as at 31 March 2020 and the term deposit liabilities are $5.9m behind forecast as at 31 March 2020. This, combined with a higher proportion
of assets held in cash and cash equivalents at 31 March 2020 than forecasted, represents the majority of the variance in total assets and
total liabilities.

The slower than anticipated growth and high proportion of cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet resulted in a lower net interest
margin ($1.1 million lower than forecast) and net fee and commission income ($0.2 million lower than forecast).




                                                                     72
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

NOTE 23: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group has no material commitments or contingent liabilities at reporting date (2019: none).

NOTE 24: EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE

 -   Note 4.1 of these financial statements described the impact of the ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic which occurred before 31
     March 2020 and continues as at the date of the signing of these financial statements.

There has been no other matter or circumstance, which has arisen since reporting date that has significantly affected or may significantly
affect:
  - the operations, in financial years subsequent to reporting date, of the Group, or
  - the results of those operations, or
  - the state of affairs, in financial years subsequent to reporting date, of the Group.




                                                                    73
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                           SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


General Capital Limited ("the Company") is a listed company on the NZX Main Board. Prior to 1 July 2019 the Company was listed on the
New Zealand Alternative Market (NZAX).


The Company had three classes of quoted financial products on issue during the year ended 31 March 2020, one of which expired on 31
March 2020:


Ordinary shares
All ordinary shares rank equally with one vote attached to each ordinary share. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends
and the proceeds on the winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of shares held.


GENWA Warrants
The warrants were exercisable on or before 31 March 2020 at 7.75 cents per share for each warrant held. The warrants did not have any
voting rights attached to them, nor do they have any entitlement to participate in dividends or the proceeds on the winding up of the
Company.


GENWB Warrants
Warrants are exercisable on or before 30 November 2021 at 9.00 cents per share for each warrant held. Warrants do not have any voting
rights attached to them, nor do they have any entitlement to participate in dividends or the proceeds on the winding up of the Company.




LARGEST HOLDERS OF QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS (as at 18 June 2020)

Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                          Ordinary Shares
Rank      Registered Holder                                                                                                         %
                                                                                                               Held
1         Borneo Capital Limited                                                                               42,249,755               26.14%
2         Brent Douglas King                                                                                   21,948,650               13.58%
3         CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                                            16,270,000               10.06%
4         Belian Holdings Limited                                                                              12,377,869                7.66%
5         Owen Arvind Daji                                                                                      7,030,463                4.35%
6         Grant Keith Baker & Donna Jean Baker & Lewis Thomas Grant                                             6,511,945                4.03%
7         Harrigens Trustees Limited                                                                            6,511,945                4.03%
8         Stephen John Sinclair & Jacqueline Margaret Sinclair & Roger Frederick Wallis                         6,290,524                3.89%
9         John Tomson                                                                                           6,289,722                3.89%
10        Bruce Gregory Speers & Fiorano Trust Limited                                                          4,169,723                2.58%
11        Syed Hizam Alsagoff                                                                                   4,000,000                2.47%
12        Barter Investments Limited                                                                            3,562,470                2.20%
13        Zhenhua Qian                                                                                          3,030,303                1.87%
14        Bruce Gregory Speers                                                                                  2,222,222                1.37%
15        Garth William Ward                                                                                    1,672,455                1.03%
16        Justin Andrew Cunningham & Andrew Mark Scott                                                          1,637,000                1.01%
17        Sii Yih Ting                                                                                          1,480,000                0.92%
18        Koon Weng Lee                                                                                         1,291,325                0.80%
19        Chu Kian Then                                                                                         1,170,408                0.72%
20        Yada Holdings No 1 Limited                                                                              770,000                0.48%
                                                                                                              150,486,779               93.09%




                                                                      74
                                                     GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


LARGEST HOLDERS OF QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS (as at 18 June 2020) (continued)

GENWB Warrants
                                                                                                         GENWB
Rank      Registered Holder                                                                                              %
                                                                                                       Warrants Held
1         Borneo Capital Limited                                                                          82,780,222         25.81%
2         Brent Douglas King                                                                              53,897,300         16.80%
3         CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                                       32,540,000         10.15%
4         Belian Holdings Limited                                                                         18,755,738          5.85%
5         Owen Arvind Daji                                                                                14,060,926          4.38%
6         Grant Keith Baker & Donna Jean Baker & Lewis Thomas Grant                                       13,023,890          4.06%
7         Harrigens Trustees Limited                                                                      13,023,890          4.06%
8         Stephen John Sinclair & Jacqueline Margaret Sinclair & Roger Frederick Wallis                   12,581,048          3.92%
9         John Tomson                                                                                     12,579,444          3.92%
10        Bruce Gregory Speers & Fiorano Trust Limited                                                     8,579,446          2.67%
11        Syed Hizam Alsagoff                                                                              8,000,000          2.49%
12        Barter Investments Limited                                                                       7,124,940          2.22%
13        Jonathan Brian Vijay Clark                                                                       6,505,232          2.03%
14        Zhenhua Qian                                                                                     6,060,606          1.89%
15        Bruce Gregory Speers                                                                             4,444,444          1.39%
16        Garth William Ward                                                                               3,744,910          1.17%
17        Justin Andrew Cunningham & Andrew Mark Scott                                                     3,274,000          1.02%
18        Robert Garry Hart & Sarah Dawn Wilkinson-Hart & Eth (Wilkinson-Hart) Trustees Limited            2,081,482          0.65%
19        Casrom Trustee Company Limited                                                                   1,198,446          0.37%
20        Yada Holdings No 1 Limited                                                                       1,140,000          0.36%
                                                                                                         305,395,964         95.22%



SPREAD OF FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (as at 18 June 2020)

Ordinary Shares
                                                                    Number of                            Number of
Size of Holding                                                                           %                              %
                                                                   Shareholders                        Ordinary Shares
1 - 1,999                                                                    515               71.2%            31,407      0.0%
2,000 - 4,999                                                                 26                3.6%            72,609      0.0%
5,000 - 9,999                                                                 61                8.4%           455,593      0.3%
10,000 - 49,999                                                               53                7.3%         1,153,960      0.7%
50,000 - 99,999                                                               18                2.5%         1,120,275      0.7%
100,000 - 999,999                                                             31                4.3%         9,107,020      5.6%
1,000,000 - 9,999,999                                                         15                2.1%        56,870,505     35.2%
10,000,000 and over                                                            4                0.6%        92,846,274     57.5%
                                                                             723              100.0%       161,657,643   100.00%


Geographic Spread
New Zealand                                                                  620               85.7%      154,256,714      95.4%
Malaysia                                                                      67                9.3%        6,928,330       4.3%
Rest of World                                                                 36                5.0%          472,599       0.3%
                                                                             723              100.0%      161,657,643    100.00%




                                                                  75
                                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


SPREAD OF FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (as at 18 June 2020) (continued)

GENWB Warrants
                                                                  Number of Product                       Number of GENWB
Size of Holding                                                                              %                                 %
                                                                      Holders                                Warrants

1 - 1,999                                                                       501               80.5%            34,124          0.0%
2,000 - 4,999                                                                     8                1.3%            28,724          0.0%
5,000 - 9,999                                                                     6                1.0%            35,172          0.0%
10,000 - 49,999                                                                  36                5.8%           686,728          0.2%
50,000 - 99,999                                                                  11                1.8%           747,880          0.2%
100,000 - 999,999                                                                39                6.3%        12,806,292          4.0%
1,000,000 - 9,999,999                                                            12                1.9%        53,153,506         16.6%
10,000,000 and over                                                               9                1.4%       253,242,458         79.0%
                                                                                622              100.0%       320,734,884       100.00%


Geographic Spread
New Zealand                                                                     618               99.4%       319,732,668         99.7%
Rest of World                                                                     4                0.6%         1,002,216          0.3%
                                                                                622              100.0%       320,734,884       100.00%



SUBSTANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (at 31 March 2020)

The following information is provided pursuant to section 293 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

As at 31 March 2020, the following shareholders are registered by the company as Substantial Product Holders in the Company, having
disclosed a relevant interest in quoted voting products under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.


                                                                                                            % of voting
                                                                                                            (ordinary)
                                                                                                             shares at      GENWB
                                                                                      Ordinary Shares      balance date     Warrants

Borneo Capital Limited                                                                     42,249,755             26.14%     82,780,222
Brent Douglas King                                                                         21,948,650             13.58%     53,897,300
CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                                  16,270,000             10.06%     32,540,000
Belian Holdings Limited                                                                    12,377,869              7.66%     18,755,738
                                                                                           92,846,274                       187,973,260




                                                                    76
                                                     GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                         SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION AND OTHER BENEFITS

                                                                                                                         Other
                                                                                                       Directors Fees Remuneration1
                                                                                                             $             $
Rewi Hamid Bugo                                                                                                25,500               -
Brent Douglas King1                                                                                            17,000       148,887
Huei Min Lim                                                                                                   17,000               -
Graeme Iain Brown                                                                                              17,000               -
Simon John McArley                                                                                             19,250               -
                                                                                                                95,750      148,887


1
 Other remuneration paid to Brent King comprises salaries and other benefits paid to Brent King in his capacity as Managing Director of
General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries. Brent King's other remuneration is broken down further as follows:



                                                                                                                               $
    Base salary                                                                                                                 127,772
    Car allowance                                                                                                                12,000
    Commission2                                                                                                                   9,115
                                                                                                                                148,887


DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION AND OTHER BENEFITS (Continued)

    Other entitlements of the Managing Director:
    2
     Brent King is entitled to a commission payment of 10% of all fee income earned by the Group. For the avoidance of doubt, this
    excludes any fees earned by General Finance Limited in relation to its lending business.

    Brent King is also entitled to a profit share of 8% of any amount by which the Group's net profit after tax exceeds the benchmark for
    that year. That benchmark is the total equity of the Group at the commencement of the year, multiplied by the Official Cash Rate (set
    by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand) plus 10% per annum. These amounts are to be paid quarterly based on estimates calculated by
    the Group Chief Financial Officer. During the year ended 31 March 2020, there were no such payments made to the Managing Director.




                                                                   77
                                                     GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                            SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


DIRECTORS DEALINGS IN QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS DURING THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                       Financial
                                                                                       Products         Consideration
                              Date of                                                 Acquired /      (received) / paid
                              Transaction       Financial Product                     (disposed)              $         Relevant Interest


Rewi Hamid Bugo1              25/06/2019        GENWB Warrants                            2,000,000             Note 7            Note 1
Brent Douglas King2           25/06/2019        GENWB Warrants                            2,000,000             Note 7            Note 2
Graeme Iain Brown3            25/06/2019        GENWB Warrants                              600,000             Note 7            Note 3
Huei Min Lim4                 25/06/2019        GENWB Warrants                              600,000             Note 7            Note 4
Simon John McArley5           26/06/2019        GENWB Warrants                              600,000             Note 7            Note 5
Simon John McArley6           25/06/2019 -
                              26/06/2019        Ordinary Shares                              40,000            $2,589             Note 6
Huei Min Lim4                 17/07/2019        Ordinary Shares                              33,590            $2,015             Note 4
Rewi Hamid Bugo1              30/09/2019        Ordinary Shares                          1,859,644             Note 8             Note 1
Rewi Hamid Bugo1              30/09/2019        GENWA Warrants                          (1,859,644)            Note 8             Note 1
Brent Douglas King2           30/09/2019        Ordinary Shares                          1,000,000             Note 8             Note 2
Brent Douglas King2           30/09/2019        GENWA Warrants                          (1,000,000)            Note 8             Note 2
Graeme Iain Brown3            30/09/2019        Ordinary Shares                          3,300,000             Note 8             Note 3
Graeme Iain Brown3            30/09/2019        GENWA Warrants                          (3,300,000)            Note 8             Note 3
Brent Douglas King2           30/09/2019        GENWA Warrants                           5,000,000             Note 9             Note 2
Brent Douglas King2           30/09/2019        GENWB Warrants                          10,000,000            Note 10             Note 2

The GENWA Warrants that were not exercised by Directors by their final exercise date of 31 March 2020 lapsed on 31 March 2020.

Relevant Interests
1
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Rewi Hamid Bugo owning more than 20% of the voting products of Borneo Capital Limited (the
registered holder).
2
  Brent Douglas King as the registered holder and beneficial owner.
3
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Graeme Iain Brown owning more than 20% of the voting products of Belian Holdings Limited (the
registered holder).
4
 Huei Min Lim as the registered holder and beneficial owner.
5
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Simon John McArley owning more than 20% of the voting products of Beaconsfield Nominees Limited
(the registered holder).
6
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Simon John McArley being a trustee of the Prospect Road Family Trust, the beneficial owner of the
shares issued by Prospect Road Investments Limited (the registered holder).

Other notes
7
 Issue of GENWB warrants pursuant to the Warrant Offer Document - Directors and Senior Managers announced to the NZX on 4 December
2018.
8
 GENWA Warrants exercised for ordinary shares at an exercise price of 9.00 cents per GENWA warrant on the transaction date.
9
 5,000,000 GENWA Warrants purchased for total consideration of $2,000 as part of the warrant tender process announced to the NZX on 24
September 2019 that settled on 30 September 2020.
10
 10,000,000 GENWB Warrants purchased for total consideration of $2,000 as part of the warrant tender process announced to the NZX on
24 September 2019 that settled on 30 September 2020.




                                                                    78
                                                     GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                          SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


DIRECTORS QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDINGS AT 31 MARCH 2020

                                                                                                                           GENWB
                                                                                                       Ordinary Shares     Warrants

Rewi Hamid Bugo1                                                                                            42,249,755       82,780,222
Brent Douglas King2                                                                                         21,948,650       53,897,300
Brent Douglas King3                                                                                          3,562,470        7,124,940
Graeme Iain Brown4                                                                                          12,377,869       18,755,738
Huei Min Lim                                                                                                    33,590          600,000
Simon John McArley5                                                                                             40,000                -
Simon John McArley6                                                                                                  -          600,000
                                                                                                            80,212,334      163,758,200
Relevant Interests
1
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Rewi Hamid Bugo owning more than 20% of the voting products of Borneo Capital Limited (the
registered holder).
2
  Brent Douglas King as the registered holder and beneficial owner.
3
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Brent Douglas King being a director of Barter Investments Limited (the registered holder).
4
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Graeme Iain Brown owning more than 20% of the voting products of Belian Holdings Limited (the
registered holder).
5
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Simon John McArley being a trustee of the Prospect Road Family Trust, the beneficial owner of the
shares issued by Prospect Road Investments Limited (the registered holder).
6
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Simon John McArley owning more than 20% of the voting products of Beaconsfield Nominees Limited
(the registered holder).

OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS HELD BY DIRECTORS

Rewi Hamid Bugo
General Capital Limited                        Didi Resources Sdn Bhd                Reignvest Corporation Sdn Bhd
Thriven Global Berhad                          Didi Automotive Sdn Bhd               Rekaruang Sdn Bhd
Aventura Properties Limited                    Era Malindo Sdn Bhd                   Santubong Properties Sdn Bhd
Bay of Islands Property Limited                Gading Kapital Sdn Bhd                Santubong Suites Sdn Bhd
Borneo Capital Limited                         Ik Chin Travel Services (K) Sdn Bhd   Sara Gemilang Sdn Bhd
Borneo Investments Limited                     Lamacipta Sdn Bhd                     Sarasiana Holdings Sdn Bhd
Corporate Holdings Limited                     Mesti Perkasa Sdn Bhd                 Sego Holdings Sdn Bhd
Global Dominance Limited                       Pacific Unit Sdn Bhd                  Space Craft Sdn Bhd
Inlet Contractors Limited                      Parklane Properties Sdn Bhd           Strategen Services Sdn Bhd
Inlet Estate Limited                           Petra Jaya Properties Sdn Bhd         Telaga Air Resourses Sdn Bhd
Sego Holdings (NZ) Limited                     PJP Dua Sdn Bhd                       Transnational Insurance Brokers (M) Sdn Bhd
Selwyn Residential Limited                     Profile Equity Sdn Bhd                Trombol Resort Sdn Bhd
Billion Jasa Sdn Bhd                           Property Plus Marketing Services      Warble Resources Sdn Bhd
Delima Pelita Sdn Bhd                          Sdn Bhd


Graeme Iain Brown
Aventura Properties Limited                    Keresa Mill Sdn Bhd                   Sarawakiana Holdings Sdn
Belian Holdings Limited                        Keresa Plantations Sdn Bhd            Sarawakiana Leisure Sdn Bhd
General Capital Limited                        Keresa Sdn Bhd                        Sarawakiana Management Sdn Bhd
Waddell Holding Ltd                            Malesiana Tropicals Sdn Bhd           Sarawakiana Realty Sdn Bhd
Alkaz Sdn Bhd                                  Pascali Sdn Bhd                       Tera Management Sdn Bhd
Asian Acids Pte Ltd                            Pesaka Energy Solutions Sdn Bhd       Waddell Holding Sdn Bhd
Asian Corn Sdn Bhd                             PFS Energy (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd         Waddell Holdings Pte Ltd
Borneo Plant Technology Sdn Bhd                Premier Space Sdn Bhd                 Yun Ming Wood Industries Sdn Bhd
Earth Energy Renewables LLC                    Pro-Formula Sdn Bhd
Grand Evermore Sdn Bhd                         Rajang Wood Sdn Bhd




                                                                   79
                                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                                            SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS HELD BY DIRECTORS (Continued)

Brent Douglas King
A.I.S. Limited                                   Equity Investment Advisers Limited                     Kohaus Limited
Askridge Holdings Limited                        General Capital Limited                                Moneyonline Limited
Barter Investments Limited                       General Finance Limited                                Mykco Limited
Cannabis & BioScience Corporation Limited        General Finance & Leasing Limited                      Sharechat.co.nz Limited
CBC Manuka Limited                               General Finance & Investments Limited                  Snowdon Peak Investments Limited
CBC Greenfern Limited                            General Leasing Limited                                Red Hot Investments Limited
CBC Tetramed Limited                             General Loan & Finance Limited                         Transaction Holdings Limited
Commercial and General Limited                   Investment Research Group Limited
Corporate Holdings Limited                       King Capital & Investment Corporation Limited

Huei Min Lim
General Capital Limited                          Restaurant Brands New Zealand Limited
Hartajaya Investments Limited                    Asia New Zealand Foundation
Kaya Investments Limited                         Auckland Regional Amenities Funding Board

Simon John McArley
Beaconsfield Nominees Limited
General Capital Limited
Prospect Road Investments Limited
Prospect Road Services Limited



EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION

During the year ended 31 March 2020, the number of employees or former employees of the Group not being directors of General Capital
Limited (but including Executive Directors of Subsidiaries), who received remuneration and other benefits in their capacity as employees, the
value of which exceeded $100,000 for the year was as follows:


                                                                                                               Number of Employees
Remuneration Range                                                                                             2020           2019
$120,000 - $129,999                                                                                              0              1
$130,000 - $139,999                                                                                              0              1
$140,000 - $149,999                                                                                              0              0
$150,000 - $159,000                                                                                              0              0
$160,000 - $169,999                                                                                              2              0


NZX WAIVERS

Certain class waivers were issued by the NZX for migrating entities from the NZAX to the NZX Main Board. The waivers included:
- A waiver from the requirement to update the Company's constitution for the requirements of the NZX Main Board rules dated 1 January
2019 until the next Annual or Special Meeting, provided the Company complies with the Rules from migration date.
- A waiver from the release dates prescribed in the NZX Main Board Rules dated 1 January 2019 in relation to the Company's 31 March 2019
results announcement and 31 March 2019 Annual Report provided the release dates prescribed in the NZAX listing rules are met.
The above waivers were relied upon by the Company during the financial year. The Company's constitution was updated at the Annual
Meeting on 30 August 2019.


As part of relief given to listed entities impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, a class waiver was issued by the NZX and Financial Markets
Authority in relation to periodic reporting requirements. The class waiver included:
- A waiver from rules 3.5.1 and 3.6.1 in relation to the normal due dates for release of Results Announcements and Annual Reports, provided
the results announcement is released within 90 days from the end of the financial year and the Annual Report is released within 5 months of
the end of the financial year and other conditions are met.
The above class waiver was relied on by the Company in relation to the release of its 31 March 2020 Results Announcement and Annual
Report.


Further details on class waivers issued by the NZX can be found on the NZX website.

                                                                     80
                     GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED
                      CORPORATE DIRECTORY




REGISTERED OFFICE:            General Capital Limited
                              Level 7, Swanson House
                              12-26 Swanson Street
                              Auckland 1010
                              New Zealand

                              PO Box 1314
                              Shortland Street
                              Auckland 1010
                              New Zealand

                              Email:      info@gencap.co.nz
                              Web:        www.gencap.co.nz
                              Phone:      (09) 526 5000



AUDITOR:                      Baker Tilly Staples Rodway
                              Level 9, Tower Centre
                              45 Queen Street
                              Auckland CBD
                              Auckland 1010

SHARE REGISTER:               Computershare Investor Services Limited
                              Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Road
                              Takapuna
                              Auckland 0622


BANKERS:                      Bank of New Zealand
                              ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited
                              ASB Bank Limited
                              Westpac New Zealand Limited
                              Heartland Bank Limited




                                  81
I
RGI
  nves
     tment
         Yea
           rbook




I
nves
   tmentRes
          ear
            chGr
               oup



I
RGisares
       ea r
          chhouseandi
                    tisal
                        soa rm ofI
                                 nves
                                    tmentBanker
                                              s.
I
RGisanNZXS pons
              or.ManagementofI
                             RGhaveli
                                    stedcompani
                                              esandorbeena
Di
 rect
    orofcompaniesonal
                    lEqui
                        tyBoar
                             dsofNZX.Thi
                                       sincl
                                           udes
                                              :NZSX,
                                                   NZAX,
NCM,NXT.
