General Capital Limited (previously Mykco Limited)
Annual Report
For the year ended 31 March 2019




Contents


Directors’ Profiles                                           2-3

Directors’ Report                                             4-8

Corporate Governance Statement                               9-18

Independent Auditors’ Report                                19-25

Consolidated Financial Statements:

         Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income       26

         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position         27

         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity          28

         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                 29

         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements     30-68

Shareholder and Statutory Information                       69-75

Corporate Directory                                           76




                                                        1
Directors’ Profiles


                                REWI HAMID BUGO B.Sc., M.Com.
                                Non-Executive Chairman
                                Rewi Hamid Bugo has been a Non-executive Director of General Capital
                                Limited (formerly Mykco Limited) since 13 June 2017 and was elected
                                Chairman of the Board of Directors following the acquisition of Corporate
                                Holdings Limited in August 2018. Mr Bugo is a graduate of the University of
                                Canterbury, Christchurch, where he obtained a Bachelor of Science in
                                Management Science and a Master of Commerce in Business Administration.
                                He has business experience in several sectors including oil and gas, property
                                development, insurance broking and travel and tourism.

Mr Bugo sits on the Board of several private companies in Malaysia and New Zealand and is Vice Chairman of
the Sarawak Chapter of the Malaysia New Zealand Chamber of Commerce.



                                BRENT DOUGLAS KING, BCom, CA, CMA, RFA
                                Managing Director

                                Brent Douglas King has been the Managing Director of General Capital
                                Limited (formerly Mykco Limited) and its subsidiaries since 3 August 2018.
                                Prior to that date, Mr King was a non-executive Director since 30 September
                                2011. He was also the founder and Managing Director of the Dorchester
                                Group of Companies for seventeen (17) years until he resigned in 2005. He
                                holds a number of public and private directorships. He has more than twenty-
                                five (25) years’ experience in financial, investment banking, underwriting,
                                capital raising and accounting areas and has assisted a number of public and
                                private companies.




                                HUEI MIN LIM, LLB (Hons), MNZM, MInstD
                                Non-executive Independent Director

                                Huei Min Lim (also known as Lyn Lim) is a Non-Executive Director of General
                                Capital Limited (formerly Mykco Limited) and has been since 21 December
                                2011. She is a director of NZX Listed Restaurant Brands New Zealand Limited
                                and is on the Boards of the AUT University (as a Council Member), the
                                Auckland Regional Amenities Funding Board and various private companies.
                                She was formerly on the board of ASB Community Trust Limited and
                                Foundation North.

Lyn is a founding partner of Forest Harrison, a legal firm that she started in 2006 after being a partner of a
national legal firm for 9 years. Lyn specialises in corporate and governance issues, particularly in dispute
resolution areas.




                                                      2
Directors’ Profiles (Continued)


                              GRAEME IAIN BROWN BCom
                              Non-executive Independent Director
                             Graeme is a graduate of the University of Otago where he obtained a Bachelor
                             of Commerce. He has over 20 years’ experience in the Malaysian plantation
                             industry. He has been the Managing Director of Keresa Plantations Sdn. Bhd.
                             since 1997. Keresa Plantations is one of just a few RSP0 certified plantations in
                             Sarawak. Graeme also founded Keresa Mill Sdn. Bhd. in 2005, which has been a
                             pioneer in the successful implementation of advanced milling technologies for
                             FFB processing. Graeme was also a co-founder in 2007 and joint Chief Executive
                             Officer of Asian Plantations Limited, which was sold to a Malaysian corporation
                             for RM1.2 billion in 2015.
                             Graeme has been an Executive Director of Sarawakiana Realty Sdn. Bhd., a
property company, since 1996, and Malesiana Tropicals Sdn. Bhd., a tissue culture company, since 2000 as well
as being a Director of several private companies, including Rajang Wood Sdn. Bhd., a plantation holding
company, since 1996.




                                SIMON JOHN MCARLEY LLB(Hons)
                                Non-executive Independent Director
                                 Simon graduated from Victoria University, Wellington in 1984 with an LLB
                                 (Hons). Simon is a lawyer by training who specialises in corporate governance
                                 and risk.
                                 After almost 20 years in private practice with Kensington Swan, specialising in
                                 banking and securities law, Simon took up regulatory positions with NZX as
                                 acting Head of Regulation and the (then) Securities Commission as acting
                                 Director Primary Markets. Simon went on to join the Serious Fraud Office
                                 (SFO) as General Manager Capital Markets and Corporate Fraud in 2011 where
he had responsibility for the successful investigation and prosecution of finance sector fraud uncovered by the
GFC. After 12 months as acting Director of the SFO, Simon left the SFO in late 2013 and has since been
consulting with government and private sector entities on governance and risk management issues. Simon has
also held governance positions with commercial and not for profit entities.
Simon is a Chartered member of the Institute of Directors and a member of the New Zealand Law Society,
Simon is also a keen sailor and has extensive coastal and blue water experience.




                                                       3
Directors’ Report
The Year to 31 March 2019 was a very active year for General Capital Limited (formerly Mykco Limited).

We have had an extremely busy last 18 months. It has been very positive for shareholders and prospects for
the future look exciting.

We deal with the position in three separate areas.

    1.0 Recent History: the strategic decisions taken including the structural achievements;
    2.0 The Accounts to 31 March 2019; and
    3.0 The Outlook: including plans and expectations.

1.0 Recent History

We had advised shareholders that we were searching for a new investment and that we had found one that
met our objectives of a business that was cash flow positive, profitable and had strong prospects.

At the time of the last Annual Report, Mykco Limited held a conditional agreement to purchase all of the
shares in Corporate Holdings Limited that we did not already own.

The steps completed since that time are as follows:


     •   3 August 2018 - Mykco Limited settled the purchase of Corporate Holdings Limited the parent
         company of General Finance Limited and Investment Research Group Limited.
     •   3 August 2018 - Mykco Limited changed its name to General Capital Limited (“GCL” or “General
         Capital”).
     •   12 October 2018 - Mr. Rewi Bugo was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors of General
         Capital.
     •   15 October 2018 – General Capital Announced capital raising plan including:
         ➢ Placement of 26.0m shares at 6.75cps (NB: actual placements were 27.5m shares in Dec 19);
         ➢ A Share Purchase Plan for shareholders of up to $15,000 per shareholder; and
         ➢ Issuance of two classes of warrants to eligible shareholders.
     •   29 October 2018 - General Capital announced that its wholly owned subsidiary General Finance Ltd
         had uploaded the 30 September 2018 quarterly report to the Disclose Register.
     •   30 October 2018 - Amendments to the Director and staff warrants announced.
     •   9 November 2018 - General Capital announces the details of the Share Purchase Plan.
     •   29 November 2018 - General Capital Special Meeting held to consider resolutions for the approval of
         warrant issues and placements. Results: all resolutions passed.
     •   3 December 2018 - Warrant issues announced.
     •   5 December 2018 - Warrants quoted on the NZAX, with a commencement of trading date of 11
         December 2018.
     •   17 December 2018 - Interim Report released
     •   27 December 2018 - Update released showing $1,856,400 of additional capital has been raised in
         placements, and $162,200 in the share purchase plan.
     •   30 January 2019 - General Capital announced that its wholly owned subsidiary General Finance Ltd
         had uploaded the 31 December 2018 quarterly report to the Disclose Register.
     •   1 May 2019 - General Capital announced that its wholly owned subsidiary General Finance Ltd had
         uploaded the 31 March 2019 quarterly report to the Disclose Register.
     •   14 June 2019 - General Capital releases a very strong first Annual result.




                                                      4
     Directors’ Report (Continued)
     •   17 June 2019 - General Capital Announces migration to the Main Board.
     •   18 June 2019 - General Capital Announces the appointment of Jonathan Clark as Group CFO.
     •   25 June 2019 - Announces the allocation of Warrants to Directors and Senior Managers.


The Directors and Management have worked hard to get the group into a position where it has a trading
business with strong growth potential.

Group Structure


                                            General Capital Limited
                                           (formerly Mykco Limited)




                                          Corporate Holdings Limited




                                                                         Investment Research Group
          General Finance Limited
                                                                                  Limited




Group Companies

General Capital Limited

    ➢    This is the parent company whose share are listed on NZSX from 1 July 2019


Corporate Holdings Limited

    ➢    This is the Holding company which was purchased by Mykco in August 2018. It had previously
         purchased General Finance Ltd and Investment Research Ltd in December 2017.


General Finance Limited

    ➢    This is the main operating entity of the Group.
    ➢    It is a licensed Non-bank Deposit Taker.
    ➢    It receives deposits from the public and lends these funds to borrowers who give Residential property
         as security.
    ➢    General Finance secures it loans by way of registered mortgages.




                                                      5
    Directors’ Report (Continued)
    ➢    The key advantage for General Finance is that it can raise funds directly from the public, rather than
         relying on funding from banks or other institutions.
    ➢    General Finance has a significant opportunity to grow its business.

Investment Research Group Limited (IRG)

    ➢    This company is an advisory business which earns income from advising on Investment Banking
         Transactions including Listings on NZX and on USX.
    ➢    It also owns and publishes the popular IRG Yearbook now in its 44th Edition.
    ➢    There is a consistent demand for companies wishing to list their shares to gain liquidity and to gain
         access to capital markets.


2.0 The 31 March 2019 Results and Consolidated Financial Statements

It is important to understand the accounting standards used to prepare the consolidated financial statements.

The fundamental is the accounting treatment that applies when a small company (often a shell) issues shares
to buy a company significantly larger than the small company (a “reverse listing” or “reverse acquisition”
transaction).

In a conventional business acquisition, the net assets of the acquired business would be consolidated with the
legal acquirer’s consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. Had this treatment been applied
in General Capital Limited’s financial statements, the balance sheet growth would have looked similar to the
below graph (figure 1).



              Figure 1: Balance Sheet Growth - GCL 31 Mar 2019 vs Mykco
                                  Limited 31 Mar 2018
25,000                                                                                               23,908

22,500
20,000
17,500
                                                             15,155
15,000
12,500
10,000               8,753
 7,500
 5,000
 2,500                            954                                                                            1,081
                                                                          127
     -
                      Equity ($000)                       Total Liabilities ($000)                  Total Assets ($000)


                                            GCL - 31 March 2019           Mykco - 31 March 2018
  31 March 2019 figures based on audited financial statements of General Capital Limited (GCL). 31 March 2018 figures based on the
  31 March 2018 audited financial statements of Mykco Limited. The 31 March 2018 comparative numbers in the General Capital
  Limited 31 March 2019 financial statements are the Corporate Holdings Limited group. Refer to the notes to the financial
  statements for further details.




                                                                 6
Directors’ Report (Continued)
The accounting standards that apply to reverse acquisitions assume the large company is the reporting entity.
The result is that the comparative figures are those of the large company (i.e. the Corporate Holdings Limited
Group) for last year not the small company’s (i.e. Mykco Limited) numbers.

This concept takes time to understand.

Unfortunately, we do not make the accounting rules. More details are set out in the notes the financial
statements.

The key factors for the 31 March 2019 accounts are:

    •    Total assets grew by 46%

    •    We wrote off expenses relating to the listing of $509,207

    •    We completed a listing on USX of Sports & Education Corporation Ltd

    •    We had a profitable 2nd 6 months

    •    We hold significant cash.

    •    We have met all regulatory obligations

    •    Our shareholders have supported us with significant investment in new capital


We are proud of the growth that has been achieved in our subsidiary, General Finance Limited, since it was
purchased in December 2017. The below graph (figure 2) illustrates this further.


                      Growth in General Finance Limited (Subsidiary)
                                                                                                               20,157
20,000
                                                                                              17,246
17,500
                                                                                                                 15,066
                                                                           14,460
15,000                                     13,510
                         13,156                            12,694
          12,896                                                                                      12,231
12,500                                                                             11,068
                           10,179            10,144
10,000      9,612                                              9,338

 7,500
                                                                                                                  5,091
                                                                                                      5,015
 5,000                                          3,366           3,356
             3,284           2,977                                                  3,392
 2,500

     -
         Sep-17         Dec-17            Mar-18          Jun-18            Sep-18             Dec-18          Mar-19
                                  Total Assets ($000)   Total Liabilities ($000)      Equity ($000)
 General Finance Limited is a Non-bank Deposit Taker that was purchased by Corporate Holdings Limited on 19
 December 2017. The 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2018 figures have been extracted from the 31 March 2019 audited
 financial statements of General Finance Limited. Other quarterly figures have been extracted from General Finance
 Limited's management accounts.


All aspects of the group have shown significant improvement.



                                                           7
Directors’ Report (Continued)
3.0 The Outlook

Plans and Expectations.

Now that we have established a significant base and infrastructure our focus is on growth.

Plan for the financial year to 31 March 2020:

    ➢    Increase total assets for the group to $50m
    ➢    Increase total deposits to $38m
    ➢    Increase Capital to $12m
    ➢    Achieve a NPBT of $300k for the year
    ➢    To consider an acquisition in the 2nd 6 months of the financial year.


Summary

This has been a strong year for General Capital Ltd.

Your Board of Directors is very keen to build on this in the current financial year.


Thanks

Shareholders have had a long wait for the company to build to this size. We thank them for their patience.

To the new shareholders who have invested to help us grow, we thank you for your support.

The Directors of General Finance and General Capital and the management and staff of the Group thank you
for your determination and contribution.

We look forward to seeing all stake holders at our Annual Meeting.




         Rewi Hamid Bugo                                             Brent Douglas King
         Chairman                                                    Managing Director




                                                         8
Corporate Governance Statement
The Board of Directors (“Board”) and management of General Capital Limited (Formerly named Mykco Limited, “the
Company”) are committed to ensuring that the Company adheres to best practice governance principles and maintains
the highest ethical standards. The Board regularly reviews and assesses the Company’s governance structures to ensure
that they are consistent, both in form and in substance, with best practice.

The Company was listed on the NZAX up to 30 June 2019 and migrated to the NZX main board on 1 July 2019. The Board
framework and governance practices for the year ended 31 March 2019 were compliant with the requirements of the
NZAX rules.

The Board is currently updating the framework to be in line with the recommendations in the NZX Corporate Governance
Code released in 2019 (NZX Code). In this regard, there are several items which the Company is progressing to ensure
compliance with the NZX Code. The information in this report is current as at the date of this report and has been
approved by the Board. Once finalised and formalised, the policy documents will be able to be found in a new corporate
governance section of the company’s website: www.gencap.co.nz

The NZX Corporate Governance Code can be found on the NZX Website at: www.nzx.com/regulation/nzx-rules-
guidance/corporate-governance-code.

The Governance Code contains eight (8) principles and various recommendations for each principle. The Board has
reported on the Company’s compliance with each of the recommendations which are included below.

Principal 1 – Code of Ethical Behaviour
"Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this behaviour and hold management accountable for
these standards being followed throughout the organisation."

RECOMMENDATION 1.1
The board should document minimum standards of ethical behaviour to which the issuer’s directors and employees
are expected to adhere (a code of ethics).

The code of ethics and where to find it should be communicated to the issuer’s employees. Training should be
provided regularly. The standards may be contained in a single policy document or more than one policy.

The code of ethics should outline internal reporting procedures for any breach of ethics, and describe the issuer’s
expectations about behaviour, namely that every director and employee:
(a) acts honestly and with personal integrity in all actions;
(b) declares conflicts of interest and proactively advises of any potential conflicts;
(c) undertakes proper receipt and use of corporate information, assets and property;
(d) in the case of directors, gives proper attention to the matters before them;
(e) acts honestly and in the best interests of the issuer, shareholders and stakeholders and as required by law;
(f) adheres to any procedures around giving and receiving gifts (for example, where gifts are given that are of value in
order to influence employees and directors, such gifts should not be accepted);
(g) adheres to any procedures about whistle blowing (for example, where actions of a whistle blower have complied
with the issuer’s procedures, an issuer should protect and support them, whether or not action is taken); and
(h) manages breaches of the code

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
The Board has a strong belief that ethical behaviour is paramount to good corporate governance and underpins the
reputation of the Company. As such, the ethical principles that were applied by the board (and required of Management
and employees) were in line with the recommendations above.

The Group’s code of ethics is currently being reviewed for the Company and its subsidiaries. Once the code has been
reviewed and updated it will be published on the Company’s website. Employees will be required to read the code of
ethics, and training will be provided regularly. The updated code of ethics is expected to comply with the
recommendation in full.




                                                           9
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
RECOMMENDATION 1.2
An issuer should have a financial product dealing policy which extends to employees and directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
The Board had a securities trading policy in place for employees and directors during the year. This policy requires prior
Board approval of all transactions in General Capital Limited quoted securities and other restricted securities. The
securities trading policy is currently under review and once it is finalised it will be published on the Company’s website.

PRINCIPLE 2 – Board Composition & Performance
“To ensure an effective board, there should be a balance of independence, skills, knowledge, experience and
perspectives.”

Board Composition
Board members who have a wide range of business, technical and financial background lead the Company. The Board is
responsible and accountable to shareholders and other stakeholders for the Company’s performance and its compliance
with applicable laws and standards.

The Board of Directors currently comprises five (5) directors, four (4) of which are Non-executive Directors (Rewi Hamid
Bugo (Chairman), Huei Min Lim, Graeme Iain Brown and Simon John McArley) and one (1) Executive Director (Brent
Douglas King).

Huei Min Lim, Graeme Iain Brown and Simon John McArley are independent directors of the Company.

By virtue of being a significant product holder, Rewi Hamid Bugo has not been identified as an independent director of
the Company.

Refer to the Directors’ Profiles section of this Annual Report for further details.

Board Meetings

The Company’s Board meetings are conducted in accordance with proper process. This enables the Board to peruse any
board papers and review any issues to be deliberated at the Board meeting to enable Directors to make informed
decisions.

A total of 8 (eight) Board Meetings were held during the financial year under review. Board attendance has been
recorded as follows:

     Board Members                                     Meetings Attended
    Rewi Hamid Bugo (Chairman)1                                6
    Brent Douglas King1                                        6
    Huei Min Lim                                               8
    Graeme Iain Brown                                          8
    Simon John McArley                                         8

1
 Brent Douglas King and Rewi Hamid Bugo were conflicted and unable to participate in two of the Board meetings held
during the year.

The Board also met whenever necessary to deal with specific matters needing attention between scheduled meetings.

The gender balance of the Group’s Directors and officers was as follows:

               as at 31 March 2019          as at 31 March 2018
               Directors    Officers*     Directors       Officers*
 Female            1            0             1               0
 Male              4            1             4               0
 Total             5            1             5               0
*Officers excludes any directors of the Company.

                                                              10
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

RECOMMENDATION 2.1
The board of an issuer should operate under a written charter which sets out the roles and responsibilities of the
board. The board charter should clearly distinguish and disclose the respective roles and responsibilities of the board
and management.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:

The roles and responsibilities of the Board and Management are clearly defined in the Company’s Corporate Governance
Code.

The Group’s Corporate Governance Code is currently being reviewed for the Company and its subsidiaries. Once the
Corporate Governance Code has been reviewed and updated it will be published on the Company’s website. The updated
Corporate Governance Code is expected to comply with the recommendation.


RECOMMENDATION 2.2
Every issuer should have a procedure for the nomination and appointment of directors to the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:

There were no new directors appointed during the year (other than those re-elected at the Annual Meeting). The Board
follows the requirements of the NZAX and NZX Main Board Rules as well as the commentary in the NZX Corporate
Governance Code when selecting new directors.

The Company’s Governance documents are currently being reviewed and updated. These documents are expected to
comply with the recommendation and once they have been finalised, they will be published on the Company’s website.

RECOMMENDATION 2.3
An issuer should enter into written agreements with each newly appointed director establishing the terms of their
appointment.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:

There were no new directors appointed during the year (other than those re-elected at the Annual Meeting). The
Company intends to comply with this requirement for future newly appointed directors.

The Company’s Corporate Governance Code is currently being updated and is expected to include a requirement for
written agreements with newly appointed directors in line with the recommendation. Once the Corporate Governance
Code has been finalised, it will be published on the Company’s website.

RECOMMENDATION 2.4
Every issuer should disclose information about each director in its annual report or on its website, including a profile
of experience, length of service, independence and ownership interests and director attendance at board meetings.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
All of the information detailed in the recommendation is included in the Annual Report and can be found in the Directors
Profiles, Corporate Governance Statement and Shareholder and Statutory Information sections.


RECOMMENDATION 2.5
An issuer should have a written diversity policy which includes requirements for the board or a relevant committee of
the board to set measurable objectives for achieving diversity (which, at a minimum, should address gender diversity)
and to assess annually both the objectives and the entity’s progress in achieving them. The issuer should disclose the
policy or a summary of it.




                                                           11
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Despite not having a formal written diversity policy in place during the year, the Board recognises the wide-ranging
benefits that diversity brings to an organisation.

The gender composition of the Company’s directors and officers is included above.

The Company’s Corporate Governance Code is currently being updated and is expected to include the Company’s
diversity policy. Once the Corporate Governance Code has been finalised it will be published on the Company’s website.

RECOMMENDATION 2.6
Directors should undertake appropriate training to remain current on how to best perform their duties as directors of
an issuer.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
The Company’s Board understand their obligations as Directors of a publicly listed Company and undertake training when
necessary to remain current on how to best perform their duties.

RECOMMENDATION 2.7
The board should have a procedure to regularly assess director, board and committee performance.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Director and Board performance is considered crucial to the success of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Board
regularly reviews its performance and the performance of its members. This includes an assessment of whether the
composition of the board is adequate and whether any training is needed for Directors.

The Company’s Corporate Governance Code is currently being updated and is expected to include policies and
procedures on the assessment of director, board and committee performance. Once the Corporate Governance Code has
been finalised it will be published on the Company’s website.

RECOMMENDATION 2.8
A majority of the board should be independent directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
As detailed in the Board Composition section above, 3 of the 5 Directors have been identified as Independent Directors
of the Company. Of the 2 remaining directors, 1 is a Non-executive Director.

The Board consider that the current composition of the Board during the year was satisfactory to make decisions in the
best interests of the Entity and its shareholders. In addition to this, Non-executive directors periodically confer without
executive directors or other senior executives present. Any directors who are conflicted on certain matters are unable to
participate in the decisions made in relation to those matters.

RECOMMENDATION 2.9
An issuer should have an independent chair of the board. If the chair is not independent, the chair and CEO should be
different people.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Rewi Hamid Bugo was appointed as Chairman following Brent Douglas King’s appointment as Managing Director of the
Group in August 2018. Between 1 April 2018 and that date, Mr King was Chairman and there were no Executive Directors
in the Company. By virtue of being a significant product holder, Mr Bugo is not an independent director of the Company.

Principle 3 – Board Committees
“The board should use committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while still retaining board
responsibility.”




                                                            12
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

Recommendation 3.1
An issuer’s audit committee should operate under a written charter. Membership on the audit committee should be
majority independent and comprise solely of non-executive directors of the issuer. The chair of the audit committee
should be an independent director and not the chair of the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
The Audit committee responsibilities have been dealt with by the full Board during the year ended 31 March 2019, as
General Capital Limited was listed on the NZAX during that period.

In September 2018, Simon McArley was appointed as Chair of the Audit Committee.

The audit committee responsibilities include the following:
    1. Ensuring that processes are in place and monitoring those processes so that the board is properly and regularly
        informed and updated on corporate financial matters;
    2. Recommending the appointment and removal of the independent auditor;
    3. Meeting regularly to monitor and review the independent and internal auditing practices;
    4. Having direct communication with and unrestricted access to the independent auditor and any internal auditors
        or accountants;
    5. Reviewing the financial reports and advising all Directors whether they comply with the appropriate laws and
        regulations; and
    6. Ensuring that the Key Audit Partner is changed at least every 5 years.


Subsequent to year end, to comply with the NZX Main Board Listing Rules an Audit, Finance and Risk Committee was
formalised as a sub committee of the Board with the following members:

Simon John McArley (Chair of Audit Committee, Independent Director)
Huei Min Lim       (Independent Director)
Graeme Iain Brown (Independent Director)
Rewi Hamid Bugo    (Non-executive Director)

The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee now comprises a majority of independent directors and no executive directors.
Simon John McArley has a financial background in accordance with the requirements of NZX Listing Rule 2.13.1.

The Company’s Audit, Finance and Risk Committee Charter is currently being reviewed and updated. Once it has been
finalised it will be published on the Company’s website.

Recommendation 3.2
Employees should only attend audit committee meetings at the invitation of the audit committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
As noted above, the Audit committee responsibilities were dealt with by the full Board during the year ended 31 March
2019. Employees only attended meetings at the invitation of the Board. In addition to this, Non-executive Directors met
with the Auditors without Executive Directors or employees present.

Recommendation 3.3
An issuer should have a remuneration committee which operates under a written charter (unless this is carried out by
the whole board). At least a majority of the remuneration committee should be independent directors. Management
should only attend remuneration committee meetings at the invitation of the remuneration

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Remuneration committee responsibilities were dealt with by the full Board during the year ended 31 March 2019.
Employees only attended meetings at the invitation of the Board.




                                                          13
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

The responsibilities included recommending remuneration packages for directors for consideration by shareholders and
to approve Managing Director and senior management remuneration. Any directors who were conflicted on certain
matters were unable to participate in the decisions made in relation to those matters.

The Company’s Remuneration, Nomination and Health and Safety Committee Charter is currently being drafted. This
Charter is expected to comply with the recommendation and once it has been finalised will be published on the
Company’s website.

The Board will consider the composition of the Remuneration, Nomination and Health and Safety Committee as part of
the finalisation of the Charter.

Recommendation 3.4
An issuer should establish a nomination committee to recommend director appointments to the board (unless this is
carried out by the whole board), which should operate under a written charter. At least a majority of the nomination
committee should be independent directors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Nomination committee responsibilities were dealt with by the full Board during the year ended 31 March 2019.

The Company’s Remuneration, Nomination and Health and Safety Committee Charter is currently being drafted. This
Charter is expected to comply with the recommendation and once it has been finalised will be published on the
Company’s website.

The Board will consider the composition of the Remuneration, Nomination and Health and Safety Committee as part of
the finalisation of the Charter.

Recommendation 3.5
An issuer should consider whether it is appropriate to have any other board committees as standing board
committees. All committees should operate under written charters. An issuer should identify the members of each of
its committees, and periodically report member attendance.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
The Board has not considered it necessary to have any other board committees during the year.

Recommendation 3.6
The board should establish appropriate protocols that set out the procedure to be followed if there is a takeover offer
for the issuer including any communication between insiders and the bidder. It should disclose the scope of
independent advisory reports to shareholders. These protocols should include the option of establishing an
independent takeover committee, and the likely composition and implementation of an independent takeover
committee.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
In the event of a takeover bid, the Board would have determined the appropriate actions to take including the scope of
independent advisory reports to shareholders, and whether an independent takeover committee should be established.

The Company’s Corporate Governance Code is currently being updated and is expected to include policies and
procedures in relation to future takeover bids. Once the Corporate Governance Code has been finalised it will be
published on the Company’s website.



PRINCIPLE 4 – Reporting & Disclosure
“The board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness and balance of
corporate disclosures.”




                                                          14
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

Recommendation 4.1
An issuer’s board should have a written continuous disclosure policy.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
The Company’s Board is committed to keeping investors and the market informed of all material information about the
Company and its performance in line with the NZX listing rules and has done so throughout the period.

The Company’s Corporate Governance Code is currently being updated and is expected to include policies and
procedures in relation to continuous disclosure. Once the Corporate Governance Code has been finalised it will be
published on the Company’s website.

Recommendation 4.2
An issuer should make its code of ethics, board and committee charters and the policies recommended in the NZX
Code, together with any other key governance documents, available on its website.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Governance documents for the Company are under review, and once finalised will be published on the Company’s
website.

Recommendation 4.3
Financial reporting should be balanced, clear and objective. An issuer should provide non-financial disclosure at least
annually, including considering material exposure to environmental, economic and social sustainability factors and
practices. It should how operational or non-financial targets are measured. Non-financial reporting should be
informative, include forward looking assessments, and align with key strategies and metrics monitored by the board.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:

Financial Reporting
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of
the Group and have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies, consistently applied and supported by
reasonable judgements and estimates and for ensuring all relevant financial reporting and accounting standards have
been followed. For the financial year ended 31 March 2019, the Directors believe that proper accounting records have
been kept which enable, with reasonable accuracy, the determination of the financial position of the Company and the
Group and facilitate compliance of the financial statements with the Financial Reporting Act 1993.

The Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer have confirmed in writing to the Board that the Company’s financial
reports present a true and fair view in all material aspects.

Non-financial reporting
Due to its current size, the Company is in the early stages of considering how and to what extent it should report on non-
financial information such as environmental, social and governance matters (ESG). The Company does not currently have
a formal ESG reporting framework, however this is being considered by the Board with the intention that the Company
will report on these non-financial matters in the future.



PRINCIPLE 5 – Remuneration
“The remuneration of directors and executives should be transparent, fair and reasonable.”

Recommendation 5.1
An issuer should recommend director remuneration packages to shareholders for approval in a transparent manner.
Actual director remuneration should be clearly disclosed in the issuer’s annual report.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Shareholders approved a total Directors’ remuneration fee pool of $300,000 per annum in the Special Meeting of
shareholders on 31 July 2018. Director remuneration is disclosed in the Shareholder and Statutory Information section of
the Annual Report.


                                                            15
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

Recommendation 5.2
An issuer should have a remuneration policy for remuneration of directors and officers, which outlines the relative
weightings of remuneration components and relevant performance criteria.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Remuneration of directors has been determined in line with the process noted under recommendation 3.3 above and
with the Company’s Corporate Governance Code.

The Company’s Corporate Governance Code includes a remuneration policy and is currently being reviewed and
updated. Once the Corporate Governance Code has been finalised it will be published on the Company’s website.

Recommendation 5.3
An issuer should disclose the remuneration arrangements in place for the CEO in its annual report. This should include
disclosure of the base salary, short term incentives and long-term incentives and the performance criteria used to
determine performance-based payments.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Information in relation to the remuneration arrangements in place for Brent King (Managing Director) is included in the
Shareholder and Statutory Information section of the Annual Report.



PRINCIPLE 6 – Risk Management
“Directors should have a sound understanding of the material risks faced by the issuer and how to manage them. The
Board should regularly verify that the issuer has appropriate processes that identify and manage potential and
material risks.”

Recommendation 6.1
An issuer should have a risk management framework for its business and the issuer’s board should receive and review
regular reports. An issuer should report the material risks facing the business and how these are being managed.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
The Company and its subsidiaries are committed to proactively managing risk and this has been the responsibility of the
entire Board during the period. The Board delegates day to day management of risks to the Managing Director. The
executive team and senior management are required to regularly identify the major risks affecting the business and
develop structures, practices and processes to manage and monitor these risks.

The Board is satisfied that the Group has in place a risk management process to effectively identify, manage and monitor
the Group’s principal risks. The Group maintains insurance policies that it considers adequate to meet its insurable risks.

The Company’s Audit, Finance and Risk Committee Charter is currently being reviewed and updated and is expected to
outline the Board’s approach to Risk Management. Once it has been finalised it will be published on the Company’s
website.

Recommendation 6.1
An issuer should disclose how it manages its health and safety risks and should report on its health and safety risks,
performance and management.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
The Group operates with a small number of employees in a relatively low health and safety risk office environment.
Despite this, the Board recognises that effective management of health and safety is essential for the operation of a
successful business, and endeavours to prevent harm and promote wellbeing for employees, contractors and customers.

The Board is responsible for ensuring that the systems used to identify and manage health and safety risks are fit for
purpose, being effectively implemented, regularly reviewed and continuously improved. The Group has a Health and
Safety Policy in place. All new incidents, near misses, or hazards identified are reported to the Board.



                                                            16
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)

PRINCIPLE 7 – Auditors
“The board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit process.”

Recommendation 7.1
The board should establish a framework for the issuer’s relationship with its external auditors. This should include
procedures: (a) for sustaining communication with the issuer’s external auditors;
(b) to ensure that the ability of the external auditors to carry out their statutory audit role is not impaired or could be
reasonably be perceived to be impaired;
(c) to address what, if any, services (whether by type or level) other than their statutory audit roles may be provided
by the auditors to the issuer; and
(d) to provide for the monitoring and approval by the issuer’s audit committee of any service provided by the external
auditors to the issuer other than in their statutory audit role.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
During the year, the Board was responsible for oversight of and communication with the external auditor and reviewed
the quality and cost of the audit undertaken by the Company’s external auditor. The Board also assesses the auditor’s
independence on an annual basis.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2019, Baker Tilly Staples Rodway was the external auditor for the Company. Baker
Tilly Staples Rodway were first appointed as external auditor for the March 2018 reporting period and were
automatically re-appointed under the Companies Act 1993 at the Company’s 2018 annual meeting. The statutory audit
services are fully separated from non-audit services to ensure that appropriate independence is maintained. The amount
of fees paid to Baker Tilly Staples Rodway for audit and other services is identified in note 7 in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements.

Baker Tilly Staples Rodway has provided the Board with written confirmation that, in their view, they were able to
operate independently during the year.

Subsequent to year end, to comply with the NZX Main Board Listing Rules, an Audit, Finance and Risk Committee was
formalised as a subcommittee of the Board (refer to further details above).

Recommendation 7.2
The external auditor should attend the issuer’s Annual Meeting to answer questions from shareholders in relation to
the audit.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Baker Tilly Staples Rodway is invited to attend the annual meeting, and the lead audit partner is available to answer
questions from shareholders at that meeting. Baker Tilly Staples Rodway attended the 2018 annual meeting.

Recommendation 7.3
Internal audit functions should be disclosed.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
The Company and its subsidiaries have internal controls in place including monitoring and checking that internal controls
are operating effectively. The Company did not have a dedicated internal auditor role during the period.



Principle 8 – Shareholder Rights & Relations
“The board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster constructive relationships with shareholders that
encourage them to engage with the issuer.”

Recommendation 8.1
An issuer should have a website where investors and interested shareholders can access financial and operational
information and key corporate governance information about the issuer.




                                                            17
Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Financial statements, NZX announcements and Directors’ profiles are included on the website at www.gencap.co.nz .
Governance documents for the Company are under review, and once finalised will be published on the Company’s
website.

Recommendation 8.2
An issuer should allow investors the ability to easily communicate with the issuer, including providing the option to
receive communications from the issuer electronically.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
All shareholders are given the option to elect to receive electronic communications from the Company.

Recommendation 8.3
Quoted equity security holders should have the right to vote on major decisions which may change the nature of the
company in which they are invested in.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Shareholders have been given the right to vote on all major decisions in line with the NZAX Listing Rules during the year
ended 31 March 2019.

Recommendation 8.4
If seeking additional equity capital, issuers of quoted equity securities should offer further equity security holders of
the same class on a pro rata basis and on no less favourable terms, before further equity securities are offered to
other investors.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
During the year ended 31 March 2019, the Company:
    a. Raised $162,200 capital through issuing new shares at 6.75 cents per share in a share purchase plan, which
         allowed all shareholders to purchase up to $15,000 worth of shares.
    b. Raised $1,856,400 capital through placements at 6.75 cents per share to wholesale investors, directors and
         senior managers, and significant product holders.
    c. Issued one GENWA warrant per share and two GENWB warrants per share to all eligible shareholders, and to a
         holding account for all ineligible shareholders. Ineligible shareholders were not resident in New Zealand and
         therefore were ineligible to receive a New Zealand offer.

The placements and warrant issue described above were approved by Shareholders at the Special Meeting held on 29
November 2018.

Recommendation 8.5
The board should ensure that the notices of annual or special meetings of quoted equity security holders is posted on
the issuer’s website as soon as possible and at least 20 working days prior to the meeting.

Compliance with recommendation during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Due to time constraints during the 2018 calendar year with the business acquisition and capital raising efforts, the notice
of the 2018 Annual Meeting and notices of the two Special Meetings held in 2018 were not able to be released at least
20 working days prior to the meetings.

The Board encourages shareholder participation in meetings and understands that shareholders need sufficient time to
consider information prior to meetings. Future notices of Shareholder meetings are expected to be provided at least 20
workings days prior to meeting dates.




                                                            18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco limited)
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019
                                                                                          2019            2018
                                                                                            $               $
                                                                              Note                      Restated

Interest income                                                                5          1,479,226        391,557
Interest expense                                                               5          (640,270)       (209,132)
Net interest income                                                                         838,956        182,425

Fee and commission income                                                      5            281,176         57,859
Fee and commission expense                                                     5            (92,332)        (7,332)
Net fee and commission income                                                               188,844         50,527

Revenue from contracts with customers                                          5            347,702        225,331
Cost of sales                                                                  5            (24,368)      (220,500)
Gross profit from contracts with customers                                                  323,334          4,831

Other income                                                                                 28,163          5,805
Net revenue                                                                               1,379,297        243,588

(Increase) / decrease of provision in respect of finance receivables           11             19,456       (28,714)
Personnel expenses                                                                         (603,011)      (110,295)
Occupancy expenses                                                                           (90,176)      (22,564)
Depreciation                                                                   13             (3,493)             -
Amortisation of intangible assets                                              14            (18,201)             -
Other expenses                                                                  7          (603,152)      (413,767)
Acquisition expenses                                                                       (103,927)              -
Loss on acquiring listed shell                                                21.1         (405,280)              -
                                                                                         (1,807,784)      (575,340)



Loss before income tax expense                                                            (428,487)       (331,752)
Income tax (expense) / benefit                                                 8            (29,601)         5,102
Net loss after income tax expense                                                         (458,088)       (326,650)

Other comprehensive income
Changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value
through other comprehensive income                                                          (14,862)               -
                                                                               15
Other comprehensive income for the year                                                     (14,862)              -
Total comprehensive income                                                                (472,950)       (326,650)


Earnings per share (cents per share)                                           9              (0.46)          (4.14)
Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                   9              (0.36)          (1.39)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                     26
                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco limited)
                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                 AS AT 31 MARCH 2019
                                                                                                 2019           2018
                                                                                                   $              $
                                                                                 Note                         restated
Equity
Share capital                                                                     18             9,573,495      1,448,503
Redeemable preference shares                                                      18                      -     3,580,104
Retained earnings                                                                                (805,973)      (347,885)
Other reserves                                                                    15               (14,862)             -
Total equity                                                                                     8,752,660      4,680,722


Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                         10          2,949,317         4,950,129
Accounts receivables                                                                             19,246             8,070
Loan receivables                                                                  11         17,277,204         8,583,952
Other current assets                                                                            114,844            77,798
Income tax receivable                                                                            45,450                  -
Deferred tax asset                                                                8.2            38,408            40,373
Property, plant and equipment                                                     13              6,176             7,040
Investments                                                                       15            190,483            50,800
Intangible assets and goodwill                                                    14          3,266,556         2,663,116
Total assets                                                                                 23,907,684       16,381,278

Liabilities
Accounts payable and other payables                                                             246,624           183,265
Related party payables                                                            19              7,942           141,342
Income tax payable                                                                                    -            69,336
Term deposits                                                                     16         14,900,458         9,854,092
Other financial liabilities                                                       17                  -         1,452,521
Total liabilities                                                                            15,155,024       11,700,556
Net assets                                                                                    8,752,660        4,680,722

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


The financial statements are signed on behalf of the Board.




                      Rewi Bugo                                              Brent King
                      Chairman                                               Managing Director

Authorised for issue on 25 July 2019.




                                                                     27
                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco limited)
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

                                                                        Redeemable
                                                                                                          Retained
                                                    Share capital        Preference        Reserves                      Total equity
                                                                                                          earnings
                                                                           Shares

                                          Note            $                     $             $              $                $

Balance at 1 April 2017                                       1,000                    -              -              -            1,000
Acquisition date impact of adoption
of NZ IFRS 9 on business
combinations during the year                4                       -                  -              -      (21,235)         (21,235)

Loss for the year                                                   -                  -              -    (328,766)         (328,766)
Adoption of NZ IFRS 9                       4                       -                  -              -        2,116            2,116
Other comprehensive income for
the year                                                            -                  -              -              -                  -
Total comprehensive income for
the year                                                            -                  -              -    (326,650)         (326,650)
Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Contributions of equity net of
transaction costs                          18          1,447,503              3,580,104               -              -      5,027,607
Total transactions with owners in
their capacity as owners                               1,447,503              3,580,104               -            -        5,027,607
Balance at 31 March 2018                               1,448,503              3,580,104               -    (347,885)        4,680,722


Balance at 31 March 2018 as
originally presented                                   1,448,503              4,747,418               -    (280,728)        5,915,193
- Change in accounting policy               4                  -                      -               -      (19,119)         (19,119)
- Impact of finalisation of
acquisition accounting                      4                       -        (1,167,314)              -      (48,038)      (1,215,352)
Restated total equity as at 1 April
2018                                                   1,448,503              3,580,104               -    (347,885)        4,680,722
Loss for the year                                                   -                  -              -    (458,088)         (458,088)
Other comprehensive income for
the year                                                            -                  -      (14,862)               -        (14,862)
Total comprehensive income for
the year                                                            -                  -      (14,862)     (458,088)         (472,950)
Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Conversion of redeemable
preference shares                          18          5,080,104             (3,580,104)              -              -      1,500,000
Issue of shares on acquisition of
subsidiary                                 18          1,121,259                       -              -              -      1,121,259
Contributions of equity net of
transaction costs                          18          1,923,629                                      -              -      1,923,629
Total transactions with owners in
their capacity as owners                               8,124,992             (3,580,104)             -             -        4,544,888
Balance at 31 March 2019                               9,573,495                       -      (14,862)     (805,973)        8,752,660


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                        28
                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco limited)
                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASHFLOWS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019
                                                                                          2019         2018
                                                                              Note          $            $

Cash flow from operating activities
Interest received                                                                         1,376,467       552,386
Receipts from customers                                                                     393,838       319,321
Other income                                                                                 27,783         5,805
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                      (1,587,300)    (783,196)
Interest paid                                                                              (585,614)    (140,084)
Income tax paid                                                                            (142,421)      (34,869)
Finance receivables (net advances)                                                       (8,516,032)    1,019,852
Net cash (used in) / provided by operating activities                          20        (9,033,279)      939,215

Cash flow from investing activities
Acquisition of subsidiaries (net of cash acquired)                                           85,736    (1,371,394)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                    (2,629)        (7,040)
Purchase of software                                                                        (32,742)      (33,107)
Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities                                        50,365    (1,411,541)

Cash flow from financing activities
Issue of ordinary shares                                                                  1,923,628       447,503
Issue of redeemable preference shares                                                             -     4,974,850
Term deposits (net receipts)                                                              5,058,474           102
Net cash provided by financing activities                                                 6,982,102     5,422,455

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the reporting                                   4,950,129              -
period
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents held
during the reporting period                                                              (2,000,812)    4,950,129

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the reporting period                       10         2,949,317     4,950,129

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                     29
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 1: REPORTING ENTITY
General Capital Limited (formerly Mykco Limited, "the Company") is incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand. General Capital Limited is
registered under the Companies Act 1993.

General Capital Limited is a FMC reporting entity for the purposes of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The consolidated financial statements of General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries (together "the Group") have been prepared in
accordance with the Companies Act 1993 and the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The Group is a for profit entity.

The Group's principal activities are:
- Finance (deposit taking and lending);
- Research and advisory (investment advisory and research provider).

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 25 July 2019.

NOTE 2: BASIS OF PREPARATION

2.1 Statement of compliance
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand ("NZ GAAP").
They comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards ("NZ IFRS") and other applicable Financial
Reporting Standards, as appropriate for profit oriented entities. These consolidated financial statements also comply with International
Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS").

2.2 Basis of measurement
The financial report has been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by revaluations for certain classes of assets and
liabilities to fair value as described in the accounting policies below.

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Except as detailed in note 4, the accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these
consolidated financial statements, and have been applied consistently by Group entities.

3.1 Adoption of new and amended standards and interpretations
New standards and amendments and interpretations to existing standards that came into effect during the current accounting period
beginning on 1 April 2018 that materially impact the Group’s consolidated financial statements are as follows:
  - NZ IFRS 15 'Revenue from Contracts with Customers' ; and
  - NZ IFRS 9 'Financial Instruments'.
The other standards did not have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements and did not require retrospective
adjustment.

Refer to note 4 for the impact of implementing these new standards.

3.2 New standards and amendments and interpretations to existing standards that are not yet effective for the current accounting
period beginning on 1 April 2018
The following relevant standards and interpretations have been issued at the reporting date but are not yet effective.

NZ IFRS 16, ‘Leases’, replaces NZ IAS 17. Under NZ IFRS 16, a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the
use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

Under NZ IAS 17, a lessee was required to make a distinction between a finance lease (on balance sheet) and an operating lease (off balance
sheet). NZ IFRS 16 now requires a lessee to recognise a lease liability reflecting future lease payments and a ‘right-of-use asset’ for virtually
all lease contracts. Lessors will also be affected by the new standard. The standard is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1
January 2019. General Finance Limited has adopted NZ IFRS 16 on 1 April 2019.




                                                                        30
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

The Group has no lease agreements in place as at 1 April 2019 and up to the date of signing these consolidated financial statements. Since
June 2018, the Group has been paying a share of office lease costs to Moneyonline Limited, a related company, based on an allocation of
office space utilised by the Group. The Group is considering formalising a lease agreement with Moneyonline Limited, which is likely to
mirror the term and other conditions of Moneyonline Limited’s lease agreement with an external party. As at 1 April 2019, the total
remaining term of that lease was 26 months, and the current monthly allocation of the lease costs paid by the Group is $8,557, implying
total undiscounted remaining payments of $222,482 as at 1 April 2019. Should an agreement be formalised with Moneyonline Limited, a
lease liability and right-of use asset would need to be recognised on that date, represented by the present value of future lease payments.
Depreciation expense would be recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and interest will be recognised on the lease liability
using the amortised cost method. This will result in higher expenses being recorded at the start of the lease term than at the end (due to the
liability being ‘wound down’ over the lease term).

3.3 Basis of consolidation
Reverse acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited
As described in Note 21.1, as the Company's acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited on 3 August 2018 is deemed to be a reverse
acquisition for accounting purposes, these financial statements represent a continuation of the consolidated financial statements of
Corporate Holdings Limited.

Corporate Holdings Limited purchased two businesses on 19 December 2017, General Finance Limited and Investment Research Group
Limited (refer to notes 21.2 and 21.3). The financial information presented for the period up to 19 December 2017 comprises Corporate
Holdings Limited only. From that date up to 3 August 2018 the financial information presented comprises Corporate Holdings Limited and
its two subsidiaries. From 3 August 2018, the financial information comprises the consolidated results of the Company, Corporate Holdings
Limited, and the two subsidiaries of Corporate Holdings Limited.

Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which control is
transferred to the Group. Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
returns through its power over the entity.

The Group measures goodwill at the acquisition date as:
  - the fair value of the consideration transferred; plus
  - the recognised amount of any non-controlling interests in the aquiree; plus
  - if the business combination is achieved in stages, the fair value of the pre-existing equity interest in the acquiree; less
  - the net recognised amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
When an excess is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, that the Group incurs in connection with a
business combination are expensed as incurred.

Any contingent consideration payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity,
then it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent
consideration are recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income as appropriate.


Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities controlled by the Group. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in consolidated financial
statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.

Loss of control
On loss of control, the Group derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, any non-controlling interests and the other
components of equity related to the subsidiary. Any surplus or deficit arising on loss of control is recognised in profit or loss. If the Group
retains an interest in the previous subsidiary, the interest is measured at fair value at the date control is lost. Subsequently it is accounted
for as an equity-accounted investee or as an available for sale asset depending on the influence retained.


Transactions eliminated on consolidation
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in
preparing the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        31
                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

3.4 Revenue and expense recognition
(a) Interest income and expense
Interest income and interest expense
Interest income and interest expense is recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method. The effective interest method
calculates the amortised cost of a financial asset or liability and allocates the interest income and directly related fees (including loan
origination fees) and transaction costs (including commission expenses) that are an integral component of the effective interest rate over
the expected life of the financial asset or liability.

Loan fees and commissions
Lending fee income (such as loan establishment fees) that is integral to the effective yield of a loan held at amortised cost is capitalised as
part of the amortised cost and deferred over the life of the loan using the effective interest method. Lending fees not directly related to the
origination of a loan (account maintenance fee) are recognised over the period of service. Incremental and directly attributable costs (such
as commissions) associated with the origination of a financial asset (such as loans) and financial liabilities (such as term deposits) are
capitalised as part of the amortised cost and deferred over the life of the financial instrument using the effective interest method.

(b) Revenue from contracts with customers:
Advisory fee revenue
Advisory contracts generally span a period of three months to one and a half years. Management determine the performance obligation(s)
inherent in the contract at contract inception and recognise revenue upon completion of each of the performance obligations. Performance
obligations include advice provided to the entity and sometimes include the success of a project. There are specific billing milestones built
into each contract and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days of the milestone.

Yearbook and research sales
This includes revenue related to the sale of publications and fees for advertisements in the publications. The performance obligation for the
advertising fees is satisfied when the publications are published and available to be purchased by customers, and include the contracted
advertisements. Payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from production. The performance obligation relating to the sale of
publications is satisfied upon delivery of the publications. Payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from delivery.

Other fee income
Fees charged by General Finance Limited that do not relate to the origination of finance receivables (for instance loan holding fees). These
fees are charged and recognised upon satisfaction of the conditions stipulated in the contract.

Assets and liabilities arising from revenue from contracts with customers
Accounts receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 30 to 60 days. Contract assets are recognised for any
performance obligations which have been satisfied in advance of billing to clients. The amounts are transferred to accounts receivable when
billed to customers. Contract costs are capitalised in respect of directly attributable contract costs (such as directly related allocations of
personnel costs) which relate to revenue which has not been recognised. Costs are only recognised if the amounts are expected to be
recovered from customers, are amortised when the associated revenue is billed to the customer, and are subject to impairment testing.
Contract liabilities are recognised in respect of any amounts billed to customers in advance of satisfaction of the associated performance
obligations.

Refer to note 4 for details relating to the adoption of NZ IFRS 15.

(c) Other
Other expense recognition
All other expenses are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.


3.5 Financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the
contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are
added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately
in profit or loss.




                                                                          32
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Financial assets
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the
classification of the financial assets.

Classification of financial assets
Financial assets that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at amortised cost:
- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI):
- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the
financial assets; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
the principal amount outstanding.

By default, all other financial assets are measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).

Despite the foregoing, the Group may make the following irrevocable election/designation at initial recognition of a financial asset:
- the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if
certain criteria are met; and
- the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria as measured at FVTPL if doing so
eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.



(i) Financial assets measured at amortised cost
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset and of allocating interest income over the
relevant period.

For financial assets other than purchased or originated credit‑impaired financial assets (i.e. assets that are credit‑impaired on initial
recognition), the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees and points paid or
received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) excluding expected
credit losses, through the expected life of the financial asset, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross carrying amount of the
financial asset on initial recognition. For purchased or originated credit‑impaired financial assets, a credit‑adjusted effective interest rate is
calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including expected credit losses, to the amortised cost of the debt instrument on
initial recognition.

The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition minus the principal
repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the
maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance. The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset
before adjusting for any loss allowance.

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost . For financial
assets other than purchased or originated credit‑impaired financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit‑impaired (see
below).

For financial assets that have subsequently become credit‑impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to
the amortised cost of the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit‑impaired financial instrument
improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit‑impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the
gross carrying amount of the financial asset.

Financial assets measured at amortised cost include cash and cash equivalents, loan receivables and trade receivables.




                                                                        33
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

(ii) Financial assets measured at FVTOCI
 Financial assets measured at amortised cost include equity investments whereby the Group has made an irrevocable election to present in
other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value of the investments.

Gains or losses on the financial assets are recognised in other comprehensive income except for impairment gains or losses until the
financial asset is derecognised or reclassified. When the financial asset is derecognised the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in
other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment. If the financial asset is reclassified
out of the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category, the entity shall account for the cumulative gain or loss
that was previously recognised in other comprehensive income.

Impairment of Financial Assets
Further disclosures relating to impairment of financial assets are also provided in the following notes:
- Note 11: Loan receivables
- Note 3.13: Critical accounting estimates and judgements

Expected credit losses ("ECLs") are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all
the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash
flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12-months (a 12-month
ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is
required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the
financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor
retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained
interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised
borrowing for the proceeds received.

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss



Financial Liabilities

All of the Group’s financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The Group's financial
liabilities include term deposits, trade creditors and other financial liabilities at amortised cost.


3.6 Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are recognised in the statement of financial position at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses. Depreciation is calculated on property, plant and equipment on a straight-line basis to allocate the costs, net of any residual
amounts, over their useful lives. Office equipment is depreciated on a straight line basis using depreciation rates of 30% - 40% per annum.


3.7 Intangible assets
Intangible assets comprise goodwill, acquired licences, bartercard trade dollars and computer software.

Goodwill and acquired licences are indefinite life intangibles subject to annual impairment testing. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating
units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that
are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose, identified according to the respective operating
segment.

Licences acquired as part of business combinations are capitalised separately from goodwill as intangible assets if their value can be
measured reliably on initial recognition and it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will
flow to the Group.



                                                                       34
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Bartercard Trade Dollars are units of electronic currency held by the Group which can be used to pay for products and services from other
Bartercard members instead of paying in cash. They are non-monetary assets which are classified as indefinite life intangible assets. The
assets are recognised at cost less accumulated impairment losses. The trade dollars are acquired as earned and consumed as utilised and are
tested at least annually for impairment or when indication of an impairment exist. An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying
amount of a bartercard exceeds its recoverable amount. The estimated recoverable amount of intangible assets - Bartercard Trade Dollars
are the greater of their fair value less costs to sell or value in use. Trade debits arising from sales to customers and trade credits from
purchases of services are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income in the period in which the transaction occurs. Where trade
credits are used to purchase an asset, the asset is capitalised and recognised in the statement of financial position.

Computer software is recognised in the statement of financial position at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Direct
costs associated with the purchase and installation of software licences and the development of software for internal use are capitalised
where project success is probable and the capitalisation criteria is met. Cost associated with planning and evaluating computer software and
maintaining a system after implementation are expensed. Computer software costs are amortised on a straight-line basis (three years).


3.8 Taxation
Income tax for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income in the profit
or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised outside profit or loss (whether in other comprehensive income or directly in
equity), in which case the tax is also recognised outside profit or loss.

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at balance
date after taking advantage of all allowable deductions under current taxation legislation and any adjustment to tax liabilities in respect of
previous years.

Deferred tax is provided using the liability method, providing for temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
manner of realisation or settlement of the amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted as at balance
date.

Deferred taxation assets arising from temporary differences or income tax losses, are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that a
future taxable profit will be available against which the asset can be utilised.

Deferred taxation assets are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax asset will be realised. Any reduction is
recognised in profit or loss.

3.9 Impairment of non-financial assets
Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested for impairment annually or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Intangible assets not yet available for use are tested
for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired.

Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. The Group conducts an annual internal review of asset values, which is used as a source of information to assess for any
indicators of impairment. External factors, such as changes in expected future processes, technology and economic conditions, are also
monitored for indicators of impairment. If any indication of impairment exists, an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount is calculated.

An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable
amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is determined by estimating future cash flows
from the use and ultimate disposal of the asset and discounting these to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market rates and the risks specific to the asset. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for
which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Impairment losses directly reduce the carrying amount of assets
and are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting
date.




                                                                      35
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

3.10 Employee benefits
Wages, salaries and annual leave
Liabilities for wages, salaries and annual leave are recognised in respect of employees' services up to the reporting date. They are measured
at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.

Superannuation plans
The Group pays contributions to superannuation plans, such as Kiwisaver. The Group has no further payment obligations once the
contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as an employee benefit expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions
are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


3.11 Statement of cash flows
The statement of cash flows has been prepared using the direct approach modified by netting certain cash flows in order to provide more
meaningful disclosure. These include reverse loan receivables and term deposit liabilities.

3.12 Comparatives
Where necessary, comparative information has been reclassified and represented for consistency with current year.

3.13 Use of estimates and judgements
In preparing the financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS, IFRS and applicable reporting standards management has made
judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and about the future that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the
period.

Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience
and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The principal areas of
judgement in preparing these consolidated financial statements are set out below.

Allowance for expected credit losses
An allowance for expected credit losses is raised by management in respect of loan receivables. The Group makes judgements on the
probability of default upon initial recognition of loan receivables and whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an
ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant increase in the credit risk, the Group compares the
risk of a loss being incurred on the loan receivable as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It
considers available, reasonable and supportable forward-looking information.

The Group categorises loans as performing loans (where there has not been a significant increase in credit risk) and under-performing loans
(where there has been a significant increase in credit risk).

The allowance for performing loans is estimated based on the 12 month expected credit losses of the loans, or where the loans are less than
12 months from maturity, the expected losses for the lifetime of the loan.

The allowance for under-performing loans is based on the lifetime expected credit losses of the loans. Allowances for lifetime expected
credit losses for under-performing loans are calculated on an individual basis. The allowances are probability weighted losses which are
determined by evaluating a range of possible future outcomes and are discounted using the original effective interest rate of the loans.

Refer to note 11 for further details on the provision for expected credit losses.

Impairment analysis of goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets
The carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets (including licences and bartercard trade dollars) is assessed at least
annually to ensure that it is not impaired.

With regard to Goodwill and Licences, performing this analysis requires management to estimate future cash flows to be generated by the
cash-generating unit, which entails making judgements, including the expected rate of growth of revenues and expenditures, assets and
liabilities, and the resulting cashflows. Judgements also need to be made about the appropriate discount rate to apply when valuing future
cash flows.




                                                                        36
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

A sensitivity analysis performed by Management has highlighted that the carrying value of the Goodwill and other assets in the research and
advisory CGU are highly reliant on the achievement of revenue forecasts from advisory projects.

Management have performed a fair value less costs of disposal impairment test in relation to the carrying value of the bartercard trade
dollars asset at 31 March 2019.

Further information on the impairment analysis, assumptions and sensitivity analysis can be found in note 14.

Business Combinations
As described in Note 21.1, as the Company's acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited on 3 August 2018 is deemed to be a reverse
acquisition for accounting purposes, these financial statements represent a continuation of the consolidated financial statements of
Corporate Holdings Limited.

Corporate Holdings Limited purchased two businesses on 19 December 2017, General Finance Limited and Investment Research Group
Limited (refer to Notes 21.2 and 21.3).

With regard to the above transactions, Management have had to make judgements, including the following:

- Determining the entity which is the acquirer and the entity which is the acquiree.
- Whether the entity acquired constitutes a business.
- Determining the fair value of net assets acquired and identifiable net assets
- Determining the fair value of consideration paid in the business combination.

Further information on the judgements made by management can be found in note 21.

Classification , recognition and measurement of redeemable preference shares
4,957,000 redeemable preference shares with a nominal value of $4,974,850 were issued by the Group during the year ended 31 March
2018. The Group has classified a portion of the redeemable preference shares as financial liabilities and a portion of the redeemable
preference shares as equity based on specific clauses in the subscription agreements. The redeemable preference shares have all converted
to ordinary share capital in the Group prior to 31 March 2019.

Further details on the redeemable preferences shares and the associated classification, recognition and measurement applied in these
financial statements can be found in the following notes:

- Note 18: Share capital, warrants and redeemable preference shares
- Note 17: Other financial liabilities at amortised cost
- Note 4.1: Adjustments relating to the finalisation of the acquisition accounting.

Classification of Bartercard Trade Dollars
Bartercard uses an electronic currency called a Bartercard Trade Dollar. The Company earns Bartercard Trade Dollars for the goods it sells to
customers (trade debits) and uses the Bartercard Trade Dollars to make purchases (trade credits) from other Bartercard holders. The assets
have been classified as indefinite life intangible assets.

Management have classified the Bartercard Trade Dollars as having an indefinite useful life based on the analysis of relevant factors
including:
- the participants in the Bartercard network;
- the availability of relevant goods and services in the Bartercard network;
- an assessment of the future viability of the Bartercard platform as a means of payment;
- the level of expenditure required to maintain a Bartercard account and the Company's intention to continue paying these maintenance
fees.




                                                                        37
                                            GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 3: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Valuation of equity securities classified as financial assets at FVTOCI

The equity securities held by the Group are required to be carried at fair value. Fair value of the investments has been estimated using
inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (Level 3 inputs). Information on the judgements made,
assumptions and estimates are included in the following notes:

- Note 15: Financial assets at FVTOCI
- Note 6.4: Assets carried at fair value



NOTE 4: IMPACT OF FINALISATION OF ACQUISITION ACCOUNTING AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

4.1 Adjustments relating to the finalisation of the acquisition accounting

     As disclosed in the 30 September 2018 interim accounts, the accounting for the acquisitions (refer to note 21) were provisional as the
     Group was still in the process of completing its initial acquisition accounting. The following adjustments have been made to the initial
     accounting:
      ● 4,957,000 redeemable preference shares with a nominal value of $4,974,850 were issued during the year ended 31 March 2018.
          These were originally classified as compound financial instruments with $4,747,418 being recognised in equity, and the balance
          being recognised as a financial liability at amortised cost. Fair value on initial recognition of the liability was $227,432, with a
          carrying value of $237,058 as at 31 Mar 2018 after interest expense of $9,626 recognised during the year ended 31 March 2018.
          Following a further review of the contractual terms of the agreements, it was determined that 3,457,000 redeemable preference
          shares with a face value of $3,475,850 should have been recognised as equity instruments as under the subscription agreement,
          the Group did not have a contractual obligation (including contingent) to deliver cash or other financial assets to the holders of
          these redeemable preference shares. 1,500,000 redeemable preference shares with a face value of $1,500,000 should have been
          recorded as a financial liability at amortised cost as under the subscription agreement there was a contingent obligation to deliver
          cash if the Group did not complete its obligation to complete the acquisition described in note 21.1 within 180 days from the issue
          date (note that the timeframe was later extended). The financial liability had a fair value on initial recognition of $1,394,746, with
          the balance of $105,254 being recognised in equity. The overall impact of the adjustment is a $1,167,314 reduction in redeemable
          preference share (equity) as at 31 March 2018, an increase to the carrying value of other financial liabilities at amortised cost of
          $1,215,463 as at 31 March 2018 and an increase to interest expense (and reduction in closing retained earnings) for the year
          ended 31 March 2018 of $48,149.
      ● The fair value of identifiable net assets recognised on the acquisition of General Finance Limited (refer note 21.2) was revised
          (increased) by $15,159 (including a $12,000 increase to intangible assets other than goodwill). Goodwill initially recognised on the
          acquisition has accordingly been reduced by $15,159.
      ● The fair value of identifiable net assets recognised on the acquisition of Investment Research Group Limited (refer note 21.3) was
          revised (decreased) by $191,226 (including a $232,130 reduction in intangible assets other than goodwill). Goodwill initially
          recognised on the acquisition has accordingly been increased by $191,226.

     The impact of the above corrections are further illustrated in the financial statement extracts in note 4.3.

4.2 Impact of the adoption of new accounting standards

     (i) Impact of the adoption of NZ IFRS 9
     The Group has adopted NZ IFRS 9 Financial instruments in the current period beginning 1 April 2018.
       ● There has been no change to the classification of financial assets or financial liabilities.
       ● No change has been reflected with regard to the allowance for lifetime expected credit losses as required by NZ IFRS 9. This was
           previously the loan receivables impairment provision.
       ● With respect to 12 month expected credit losses for loans without significant deterioration in credit risk, an increase to loss
         allowances has been recognised in the prior period consolidated financial statements, and increases to loss allowances in the prior
         period comparatives have been reflected as follows:

            ● A $21,235 reduction in opening retained has been recognised on 19 December 2019 the date of the acquisition of General
              Finance Limited (refer note 21.1), in relation to the adoption of NZ IFRS 9.
            ● An increase to loss allowances for 12-month expected credit losses of $26,554 as at 31 March 2018 having an impact
              (reduction) in net profit after tax of $2,116 for the year ended 31 March 2018 and an after tax impact on opening retained
              earnings of $19,119 (decrease) as at 1 April 2018.




                                                                          38
                                             GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 4: IMPACT OF FINALISATION OF ACQUISITION ACCOUNTING AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     (ii) Impact of the adoption of NZ IFRS 15
     The Group has adopted NZ IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers in the current period beginning 1 April 2018.
       ● Revenue streams associated with financial instruments, including interest revenue and fee revenue associated with the
            origination of loan receivables are scoped out of NZ IFRS 15 and are recognised in accordance with NZ IFRS 9.

           The following revenue streams are recognised in accordance with NZ IFRS 15
           - Advisory fee revenue
           - Yearbook and research sales
           - Other fee income

           As at 1 April 2017, 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2019, no contract assets, contract liabilities or capitalised contract costs have
           been identified. Accordingly, despite the change in the revenue recognition policy for the Group, there have been no adjustments
           reflected in the consolidated financial statements in relation to the adoption of the standard. Refer to significant accounting
           policies for further details on the revenue recognition policies that have been adopted.

           Contract balances                                                                2019              2018            1 April 2017
                                                                                              $                 $                  $
                    Accounts receivables                                                        19,246               8,070                   -
                    Contract assets                                                                  -                   -                   -
                    Contract liabilities                                                             -                   -                   -
                    Capitalised contract costs                                                       -                   -                   -


4.3 Extract of consolidated financial statements illustrating the impact of the adjustments to interim accounting for acquisitions and
changes in accounting policies

     Only the affected balances and transactions are presented in the below extract financial statements.

     (i) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (extract)
                                                                                        Adjustments
                                                                                        to acquisition        Adoption         31 March
                                                                       31 March          accounting           of IFRS 9          2018
                                                                        2018*             Increase /         Increase /            $
                                                                           $             (Decrease)         (Decrease)         restated
Equity
Redeemable preference shares                                               4,747,418       (1,167,314)                  -         3,580,104
Retained earnings                                                           (280,728)         (48,038)           (19,119)          (347,885)
Total equity                                                               5,915,193       (1,215,352)           (19,119)         4,680,722

Assets
Loan receivables                                                           8,610,506                 -           (26,554)         8,583,952
Other current assets                                                          68,203             9,595                  -            77,798
Deferred tax asset                                                            32,938                 -             7,435             40,373
Investments                                                                        -            50,800                    -          50,800
Intangible assets and goodwill                                             2,707,179           (44,063)                   -       2,663,116
Total assets                                                              16,384,065            16,332           (19,119)        16,381,278

Liabilities
Accounts payable and other payables                                         208,386            (25,121)                   -         183,265
Related party payables                                                      100,000             41,342                    -         141,342
Other financial liabilities                                                 237,058          1,215,463                    -       1,452,521
Total liabilities                                                         10,468,872        1,231,684                   -        11,700,556
Net assets                                                                 5,915,193       (1,215,352)           (19,119)         4,680,722

*The 31 March 2018 comparatives disclosed in the 30 September interim accounts already reflected the impact of IFRS 9. The first column
above is prior to the adoption of IFRS 9.




                                                                     39
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 4: IMPACT OF FINALISATION OF ACQUISITION ACCOUNTING AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     (ii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (extract)
                                                                                      Adjustments
                                                                     Year ended       to acquisition         Adoption        Year ended
                                                                      31 March         accounting            of IFRS 9        31 March
                                                                        2018            Increase /          Increase /          2018
                                                                          $            (Decrease)          (Decrease)             $
                                                                                                                              restated
Interest expense                                                          (160,983)          (48,149)                    -       (209,132)
Net interest income                                                        230,574           (48,149)                    -         182,425

Other income                                                                 5,805                  -                    -          5,805
Net revenue                                                                291,737           (48,149)                    -        243,588
(Increase) / decrease of provision in respect of                           (31,653)                    -           2,939          (28,714)
finance receivables
Other expenses                                                            (413,878)              111                   -         (413,767)
                                                                          (445,531)              111               2,939         (442,481)

Loss before income tax expense                                            (286,653)          (48,038)              2,939         (331,752)
Income tax (expense) / benefit                                               5,925                  -               (823)           5,102
Net loss after income tax expense                                         (280,728)          (48,038)              2,116         (326,650)
Total comprehensive income                                                (280,728)          (48,038)              2,116         (326,650)



NOTE 5: SEGMENT REPORTING

Management has determined the operating segments based on the components of the Group that engage in business activities, which have
discrete financial information available and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group's chief operating decision maker.
The chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors makes decisions about how
resources are allocated to the segments and assesses their performance.

Three reportable segments have been identified as follows:

- Finance
Deposit taking and residential mortgage lending (reportable segment commenced on 19 December 2017 following the acquisition of General
Finance Limited).
- Research and Advisory
Provides investment advisory services and produces and sells investment research and publications (reportable segment commenced on 19
December 2017 following the acquisition of Investment Research Group Limited).
- Corporate and Other
Corporate function and investment activities (the business of the Company was allocated to this reporting segment following the reverse
takeover transaction on 3 August 2018).




                                                                    40
                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 5: SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

                                                   Research and       Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2019             Finance           Advisory             Other      Total Segments         Eliminations       Consolidated
                                      $                 $                   $               $                     $                 $
Revenue - interest income            1,475,752                936              2,538       1,479,226                       -       1,479,226
Revenue - fee income
(finance receivables)                   281,176                   -                 -             281,176                  -         281,176
Revenue from contracts with
customers
- Advisory fee revenue                        -           280,320                  -           280,320                   -           280,320
- Yearbook and research sales                 -            43,967                  -            43,967                   -            43,967
- Other fee income                       23,415                 -                  -            23,415                   -            23,415
Other income                             28,163            11,781                  -            39,944            (11,781)            28,163
Total revenue                         1,808,506           337,004              2,538         2,148,048            (11,781)         2,136,267
Interest expense                       (592,791)                 -          (47,479)          (640,270)                  -          (640,270)
Fee and commission expense              (92,332)                 -                 -           (92,332)                  -           (92,332)
(finance receivables)
Cost of sales                                  -          (24,368)                 -           (24,368)                  -           (24,368)
Net revenue                           1,123,383           312,636           (44,941)         1,391,078            (11,781)         1,379,297
(Increase) / decrease of
provision in respect of finance         19,456                   -                 -            19,456                     -         19,456
Personnel expenses                    (486,670)           (97,207)          (19,133)          (603,010)                    -       (603,010)
Depreciation and
amortisation                            (21,419)             (275)                 -           (21,694)                    -        (21,694)
Acquisition expenses                           -                 -         (103,927)          (103,927)                    -       (103,927)
Cost of acquiring listed shell                 -                 -         (405,280)          (405,280)                    -       (405,280)
Income tax (expense) /                  (34,705)                 -            5,103            (29,602)                    -        (29,602)
benefit
Net Profit After Tax                     124,765            93,971         (676,824)          (458,088)                    -       (458,088)


Total Assets                         21,808,422          1,154,633           997,919        23,960,974            (53,290)        23,907,684


Total Liabilities                    15,065,715           104,822             37,777        15,208,314            (53,290)        15,155,024


Acquisition of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and other non-current assets*:

                                                   Research and       Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2019             Finance           Advisory             Other      Total Segments         Eliminations       Consolidated
                                      $                 $                   $               $                     $                 $
Business combinations                          -                  -          696,928         696,928                       -         696,928
Acquired through settlement
of transactions / balances                    -           255,875                   -             255,875                  -         255,875
Other                                    35,212                 -                   -              35,212                  -          35,212
Transfers / reallocations
between segments                          6,924          (262,799)           255,875                    -                  -               -
                                         42,136            (6,924)           952,803              988,015                  -         988,015
*excludes non-current finance receivables




                                                                      41
                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 5: SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

                                                  Research and       Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2018             Finance          Advisory             Other       Total Segments     Eliminations       Consolidated
                                      $                $                   $                $                 $                 $
Revenue - interest income              390,282               72               1,203          391,557                   -         391,557
Revenue - fee income                    57,859                 -                   -          57,859                   -           57,859
(finance receivables)
Revenue from contracts with
customers
- Advisory fee revenue                        -          220,676                  -          220,676                   -         220,676
- Yearbook and research sales
                                              -            3,853                  -             3,853                -             3,853
- Other fee income                         803                 -                  -               803                -               803
Other income                             5,805            67,868                  -            73,673         (67,868)             5,805
Total revenue                          454,749           292,469              1,203           748,421         (67,868)           680,553
Interest expense                      (151,357)                 -          (57,775)         (209,132)                  -        (209,132)
Fee and commission expense
(finance receivables)                   (7,332)                 -                 -           (7,332)                -            (7,332)
Cost of sales                                 -         (220,500)                 -         (220,500)                -          (220,500)
Net revenue                            296,060            71,968           (56,572)          311,456          (67,868)           243,588
(Increase) / decrease of
provision in respect of finance        (28,714)                 -                 -          (28,714)                  -         (28,714)
Personnel expenses                     (64,298)          (45,997)                 -         (110,295)                  -        (110,295)
Depreciation and
amortisation                                  -                 -                 -                 -                  -                -
Income tax (expense) /                   5,102                  -                 -            5,102                   -           5,102
benefit
Net Profit After Tax                   (13,658)         (254,206)          (58,786)         (326,650)                  -        (326,650)


Total Assets                        15,080,519          1,324,737           503,586       16,908,842         (527,564)        16,381,278


Total Liabilities                   10,143,577           532,022          1,552,521       12,228,120         (527,564)        11,700,556

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and other non-current assets*:
                                                   Research and       Corporate and
Year ended 31 Mar 2018              Finance           Advisory            Other        Total Segments   Eliminations       Consolidated
                                        $                 $                 $                 $               $                 $

Business combinations                1,570,729         1,057,001            50,800         2,678,530                   -       2,678,530
Acquired through settlement
of transactions / balances                    -            3,139                  -             3,139                  -           3,139
Other                                         -            7,408                  -             7,408                  -           7,408
Transfers / reallocations
between segments                             -             (3,139)            3,139                 -                  -               -
                                     1,570,729          1,064,409            53,939         2,689,077                  -       2,689,077
*excludes non-current finance receivables




                                                                     42
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT

The financial condition and operating results of the Group are affected by a number of key financial and non-financial risks. Financial risks
include credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk. The non-financial risks include fair value risk relating to the Group’s investments carried at
fair value through other comprehensive income.

6.1 Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and
arises principally from the Group's loan receivables, cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable.

The maximum credit exposure of the Group, assuming a zero value for collateral is $20,602,360 (March 2018: 13,693,211). This includes
loans receivable of $17,460,269 (2018: $8,724,416), undrawn loan commitments of $173,528 (March 2018: $10,596), bank deposits of
$2,949,317 (2018: $4,950,129) and accounts receivable of $19,246 (2018: $8,070). Of this exposure, 85.6% is covered by collateral over
properties as disclosed in note 11 (2018: 63.7%) and 14.3% is deposited with registered New Zealand banks (2018: 36.2%).

To manage credit on finance receivables the Group performs credit evaluations on all customers requiring advances. The approval process
considers a number of factors including the value of the security compared to the value of the amount to be borrowed ("loan to valuation
ratio" or "LVR"), the creditworthiness of the borrower and their ability to repay.

The Group operates a credit risk (lending) policy which stipulates the Group's requirements regarding the security and LVR of the borrowing,
the credit worthiness of borrowers, geographical spread, maximum loan exposure size and credit approval authority levels. Decisions on
whether to approve or decline loans are made by the credit committee in line with the Group's credit risk policy. Loan receivables are
subject to regular scrutiny, as a key component of credit risk management. This includes a review of the borrower’s repayment history and
any interest arrears; any changes in the borrowers circumstances which could impact on their ability to repay either interest or principal
amounts on their due date and any movement in the security value.

As at 31 March 2019 the Group’s loan advances are secured as follows: first mortgages 86.8% (March 2018: 87.7%), second mortgages 7.5%
(March 2018: 12.1%), combined first and second mortgages 5.8% (March 2018: 0%) and unsecured 0% (March 2018: 0.2%).

Loan receivables credit exposures are concentrated in the residential property sector, particularly in the North Island and the Auckland
Market. As at 31 March 2019, advances by the Group in the North Island residential property sector represented 96.0% (March 2018:
89.3%) of its total exposure, with 40.9% (March 2018: 31.1%) being in the Auckland market. The geographical profile of loan receivables is
analysed further as follows:

                                                                                                                   2019                2018
                                                                                                                     $                   $
Northland                                                                                                           2,429,642             945,678
Auckland                                                                                                            7,140,043           2,715,825
Waikato                                                                                                             1,197,481             756,743
Wellington                                                                                                          2,785,633           1,599,566
Other North Island                                                                                                  3,210,645           1,772,829
Christchurch                                                                                                          172,161             704,262
Other South Island                                                                                                    524,664             215,825
Unsecured                                                                                                                   -              13,688
Total                                                                                                              17,460,269           8,724,416


The concentration of the credit exposure to the six largest exposures is 30.7% (March 2018: 38.2%) of the total loan portfolio. The Group
has elected to disclose the largest six exposures as this is considered to provide a meaningful indication of concentration of credit risk. An
exposure is calculated as the total of all loan exposures to a single borrower or group of linked borrowers. The size of loan exposures is
analysed further as follows:


                                                                                                                  2019                2018
                                                                                                                Number of           Number of
                                                                                                                Exposures           Exposures
Less than $100,000                                                                                                           7                  10
Between $100,000 and $250,000                                                                                               19                  16
Between $250,000 and $500,000                                                                                               11                   9
Between $500,000 and $1,000,000                                                                                             12                   3
Between $1,000,000 and $1,500,000                                                                                            2                   -
Total No. of Exposures                                                                                                      51                  38


                                                                        43
                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

The provision for expected credit losses for performing and under-performing loans is detailed and explained in note 11. Gross past due loan
receivables total $627,706 (March 2018: $1,595,265) which equates to 3.6% (March 2018: 18.3%) of total loan receivables. This balance
comprises:

  -   Past due but not considered under-performing loans total $627,706 (March 2018: $1,470,565) which equates to 3.6% (March 2018:
      16.8%) of total loan receivables.

  -   Under-performing loans total $nil (March 2018: $124,700) which equates to 0% (March 2018: 1.4%) of total gross loan receivables. Any
      interest accrued or capitalised on impaired assets has been provided for in the period it was accrued.


As at 31 March 2019 the total provision for lifetime expected credit losses for under-performing loans was $nil (March 2018: $58,949)
assessed on an individual loan basis. The Group has security over all (2018: all but 1) of its loans. The level of the impairment provision
represents only those cases where the security value (if any), net of the expected costs of recovery, discounted over the expected time to
recovery is not expected to cover the outstanding loan balance.


Security held over the past due assets is by way of first or second mortgage over residential properties. Loans now unsecured and impaired
as a result of security enforcement total $nil (March 2018: $13,688) which equates to 0.0% (March 2018: 0.2%) of total loan receivables.


As at 31 March 2018, the Group had $842,633 in over 90-day past due assets (March 2019: $nil), as disclosed in note 11. Of this amount,
$124,700 was considered to be under-performing at 31 March 2018 (March 2019: $nil).


Aging analysis – past due but not considered under-performing loans:
                                                                                                                        2019                 2018
                                                                                                                          $                    $
Up to 30 Days                                                                                                              449,898              170,879
31 - 60 Days                                                                                                               177,808              581,754
61 - 90 Days                                                                                                                     -                    -
91 - 120 Days                                                                                                                    -                    -
120+ Days                                                                                                                        -              717,932
Total                                                                                                                      627,706            1,470,565


Under-performing loans have a carrying value of $nil (March 2018: $65,751, comprising the loan value of $124,700, less allowance for
lifetime expected credit losses of $58,949). Further details on how management identifies a loan as under-performing is included in note 11.


The Group is also exposed to credit risk from deposits held with banks. As at balance date, the Group's cash and cash equivalents is held in
New Zealand Registered Banks including 95.4% with Bank of New Zealand (2018: 77.4%), 2.8% with ASB Bank (2018: 2.1%), 0.0% with
Westpac New Zealand (2018: 20.4%), 0.2% with ANZ Bank New Zealand (2018: 0.0%) and 1.5% with Heartland Bank (2018: 0.0%).



6.2 Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with financial liabilities as they fall due.

The Group operates a liquidity risk policy and endeavours to maintain sufficient funds to meet its commitments based on forecasted cash
flow requirements. Management has internal control processes and contingency plans to actively manage the lending and borrowing
portfolios to ensure the net exposure to liquidity risk is minimised. The exposure is reviewed on an on-going basis from daily procedures to
monthly reporting as part of the Group's liquidity management policies and processes.




                                                                           44
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

The following tables set out the undiscounted contractual cash flows, and the undiscounted expected cash flows, of the Group’s financial
assets and liabilities. Refer to notes 10, 11 and 16 for respective interest rates. No other monetary assets and liabilities are interest bearing.


                                    Weighted                                        Contractual Cash Flows
2019                                Average                     Total             0-6             7-Dec               13 - 24               24+
                                    Interest                                    Months          Months                Months             Months
                                      Rate                          $                $                 $                    $                 $
Financial assets
Bank deposits                         2.34%               2,975,929           2,975,929                  -                   -                  -
Other financial assets                0.00%                  19,246              19,246                  -                   -                  -
Loan receivables                     10.84%              18,328,573          11,026,087         6,219,791             743,271            339,424
Totals                                                   21,323,748          14,021,262         6,219,791             743,271            339,424
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                         5.53%              15,985,335           4,486,666         3,388,915           5,554,788          2,554,966
Other payables                        0.00%                  71,672              71,672                  -                   -                  -
Totals                                                   16,057,007           4,558,338         3,388,915           5,554,788          2,554,966


Net cashflow                                              5,266,741           9,462,924         2,830,876         (4,811,517)        (2,215,542)


                                    Weighted                                        Contractual Cash Flows
2018                                Average                     Total             0-6             7-Dec               13 - 24               24+
                                    Interest                                    Months          Months                Months             Months
                                      Rate                          $                $                 $                    $                 $
Financial assets
Bank deposits                         1.24%               4,960,835           4,960,835                  -                   -                  -
Other financial assets                0.00%                   8,070               8,070                  -                   -                  -
Loan receivables                     11.89%               9,138,575           6,718,709         1,956,086             463,780                   -
Totals                                                   14,107,480          11,687,614         1,956,086             463,780                   -
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                         5.60%              10,548,230           2,449,402          2,295,800          3,907,436          1,895,592
Other financial liabilities at
amortised cost                       15.00%               1,500,000           1,500,000                  -                   -                  -
Other payables                        0.00%                 208,703             208,703                  -                   -                  -
Totals                                                   12,256,933           4,158,105         2,295,800           3,907,436          1,895,592


Net cashflow                                              1,850,547           7,529,509          (339,714)        (3,443,656)        (1,895,592)




                                                                        45
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                                                     Expected Cash Flows
2019                                                            Total             0-6            7-Dec                13 - 24               24+
                                                                                Months         Months                 Months             Months
                                                                    $                $                $                     $                 $
Financial assets
Bank deposits                                             2,983,814          2,983,814                   -                   -                  -
Other financial assets                                       19,246             19,246                   -                   -                  -
Loan receivables                                         19,253,822          6,027,147          3,576,872           8,946,765            703,038
Totals                                                   22,256,882          9,030,207          3,576,872           8,946,765            703,038
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                                            17,051,439          1,959,505          1,567,915           2,700,283        10,823,736
Other payables                                               71,672             71,672                   -                   -                 -
Totals                                                   17,123,111          2,031,177          1,567,915           2,700,283        10,823,736


Net cashflow                                              5,133,771          6,999,030          2,008,957           6,246,482       (10,120,698)


                                                                                     Expected Cash Flows
2018                                                            Total             0-6            7-Dec                13 - 24               24+
                                                                                Months         Months                 Months             Months
                                                                    $                $                $                     $                 $
Financial assets
Bank deposits                                             4,980,811          4,980,811                   -                   -                  -
Other financial assets                                        8,070              8,070                   -                   -                  -
Loan receivables                                          9,616,405          3,814,432          1,262,212           4,322,731            217,030
Totals                                                   14,605,286          8,803,313          1,262,212           4,322,731            217,030
Financial liabilities
Term deposits                                            11,728,899          1,161,059          1,097,835           1,950,533          7,519,472
Other payables                                              208,703            208,703                   -                   -                  -
Totals                                                   11,937,602          1,369,762          1,097,835           1,950,533          7,519,472


Net cashflow                                              2,667,684          7,433,551             164,377          2,372,198        (7,302,442)


The table above shows management’s expected maturities of existing financial assets and liabilities. In determining the expected cash flow,
the following assumptions have been made based on management’s best estimate having regard to current market conditions and past
experience:


  -    Redeemable preferences shares (other financial liabilities at amortised cost) were expected to be converted to equity at 31 March 2018.
  -    60% of maturing deposit holders reinvest (March 2018: 60%)
  -    Reinvestments are made for a weighted average 24-month term (March 2018: 24 months)
  -    50% of loans (March 2018: 50%) not past due repay on existing contractual maturity date, with the balance rolled over at their existing
       interest rates and repaid after a further 12 months.
6.3 Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of
financial instruments.

Interest rate risk is the risk of loss to the Group arising from adverse changes in interest rates. The Group's financing activities are exposed
to interest rate risk in respect of its interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. Changes to interest rates can impact the Group's
financial results by affecting the interest spread earned on these assets and liabilities. Interest rates for finance receivables, term deposits,
and bank deposits (other than those on call) are fixed for the term of their respective contracts. Interest rates are repriced on contractual
maturity dates of the financial instruments. There is a risk that different financial instruments (such as finance receivables and term
deposits) are repriced on different dates, i.e. a repricing risk (refer to contractual cash flows under liquidity risk for repricing dates).




                                                                        46
                                            GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 6: RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

The table below summarises the sensitivity of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities to interest rate risk.

                                                           Carrying
2019                                                       Amount               -1% Profit      -1% Equity          +1% Profit         +1% Equity
Financial Assets                                              $                     $                $                  $                  $
Cash and cash equivalents                                    2,949,317              (29,493)         (21,235)             29,493             21,235
Finance Receivables                                         17,460,269             (174,603)        (125,714)            174,603            125,714

Financial Liabilities
Term Deposits                                               14,928,161              149,282           107,483           (149,282)           (107,483)

Total increase / (decrease)                                                         (54,814)          (39,466)             54,814             39,466



                                                           Carrying
2018                                                       Amount               -1% Profit      -1% Equity          +1% Profit         +1% Equity
Financial Assets                                              $                     $               $                   $                  $
Cash and cash equivalents                                    4,950,129              (49,501)         (35,641)             49,501             35,641
Finance Receivables                                          8,724,416              (87,244)         (62,816)             87,244             62,816

Financial Liabilities
Term Deposits                                                9,862,510               98,625            71,010            (98,625)            (71,010)
Other financial liabilities at amortised cost                1,452,521               14,525            10,458            (14,525)            (10,458)

Total increase / (decrease)                                                         (23,595)          (16,989)             23,595             16,989


6.4 Assets carried at fair value

     Level 1            Fair value is calculated using quoted prices in active markets.
     Level 2            Fair value is estimated using inputs other than quoted prices in level 1 that are observable for the assets or liability,
                        either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
     Level 3            Fair value is estimated using inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data.

2019                                                         Note                Level 1          Level 2             Level 3             Total
Fair value assets                                                                  $                $                    $                  $
Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                              15
comprehensive income - investment in equities                                              -                  -           190,483            190,483

2018                                                                             Level 1          Level 2             Level 3             Total
Fair value assets                                                                  $                $                    $                  $
Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                              15                           -                  -            50,800             50,800
comprehensive income - investment in equities

Refer to the note annotated for more detail on the valuation methodology.




                                                                           47
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 7: OTHER EXPENSES

Included in other expenses are the following amounts:                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                                                 $                 $
Directors fees                                                                                                    118,783            17,666

Audit fees - Baker Tilly Staples Rodway                                                                           126,893            60,375
Taxation compliance - Baker Tilly Staples Rodway                                                                   12,813             1,932
Total remuneration paid to auditors                                                                               139,706            62,307

NOTE 8: TAXATION

8.1 Income tax
                                                                                                               2019              2018
                                                                                                                 $                 $
Net operating loss before taxation                                                                              (428,487)         (331,752)

Income tax benefit at prevailing rates                                                                           119,976             92,891
Tax impact of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                          (160,961)           (16,308)
Recognition of previously unrecognised deferred tax in respect of timing differences1                             10,027                   -
Losses not recognised2                                                                                                  -           (71,481)
Over provision in prior year                                                                                       1,357                   -
Taxation expense per the statement of comprehensive income                                                       (29,601)             5,102
Comprising:
 - Current tax                                                                                                   (27,636)           (20,805)
 - Deferred tax                                                                                                   (1,965)            25,907
                                                                                                                 (29,601)             5,102

1
 Recognition of previously unrecognised deferred tax related to deferred tax not previously recognised by the Company (General Capital
Limited) in respect of accrued expenses. Deferred tax has been recognised in the current period on the basis that taxable losses incurred in
the Company can be offset with taxable income of other entities within the Group.

2
 Losses not recognised in the previous year relate to losses incurred by Group entity Investment Research Group Limited up to 31 March
2018 from the date it was acquired by the Group (refer note 21.3). The losses are unable to be carried forward to the 31 March 2019 tax
year as the conversion of the redeemable preferences shares (described in note 18) resulted in a breach of greater than 49% shareholder
continuity in respect of the loss carry forward rules in the Income Tax Act 2007. As at 31 March 2019 there are no losses that can be carried
forward to future years.


8.2 Deferred tax asset
                                                                                                               2019              2018
                                                                                                                 $                 $
Balance at beginning of year                                                                                       40,373                 -
Acquisition of General Finance Limited (note 21.2)                                                                       -           14,465
Increase / (decrease) in provision for expected credit losses                                                      (8,917)           16,298
Increase / (decrease) in accrued expenses                                                                          (3,075)            9,610
Recognition of previously unrecognised deferred tax                                                                10,027                 -
                                                                                                                   38,408            40,373
Deferred tax attributed to:
Accrued expenses                                                                                                   23,384            16,432
Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                               15,024            23,941
                                                                                                                   38,408            40,373




                                                                     48
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 8: TAXATION (CONTINUED)

8.3 Imputation credit account
                                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                                                              $                 $
Balance at beginning of year                                                                                    35,037                 -
Tax Paid                                                                                                       142,451            35,037
Credits attached to dividends received                                                                             142                 -
Imputation credits written off due to change in shareholder continuity1                                      (104,398)                 -
                                                                                                                73,232            35,037

1
 Shareholder continuity breached by greater than 66% on conversion of redeemable preference shares in Corporate Holdings Limited (refer
to note 18).

NOTE 9: EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                   2019              2018
                                                                                                                   Cents             Cents
Basic earnings per share from attributable to the ordinary equity
holders                                                                                                            (0.46)            (4.14)
Diluted earnings per share from attributable to the ordinary equity
holders                                                                                                            (0.36)            (1.39)

                                                                                                            2019              2018
Basic earnings per share                                                                                      $                 $
Profit / (loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
company used in calculating basic earnings per share:                                                         (458,088)         (326,650)
Profit / (loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
company used in calculating diluted earnings per share:                                                       (458,088)         (326,650)

                                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                                                           Number            Number
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
denominator in calculating basic earnings per share                                                         98,942,264         7,885,601
Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
- Redeemable preference shares                                                                              27,619,996        15,586,348
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
denominator in calculating diluted earnings per share                                                     126,562,260         23,471,949

The weighted average number of shares up to the date of the reverse acquisition on 3 August 2018 (refer note 21.1), is represented by the
weighted average number of Corporate Holdings Limited shares on issue during this period, multiplied by the conversion ratio of 16.27. The
conversion ratio is the number of ordinary shares that were issued by the Company for each Corporate Holdings Limited share acquired on
the acquisition date. Diluted earnings per share up to the date of the reverse acquisition reflects the dilutive impact of the Corporate
Holdings Limited redeemable preferences shares that were issued during the year ended 31 March 2018. The redeemable preference shares
converted to ordinary shares in Corporate Holdings Limited on 3 Aug 2018 before being acquired by the Company.


NOTE 10: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                                                              $                 $
Bank deposit and current accounts                                                                              799,317         2,438,782
Short term bank deposit (original maturity of less than 150 days)                                            2,150,000         2,511,347
                                                                                                             2,949,317         4,950,129

Interest Rates: Between 0.00% and 2.50% (on call) and between 2.94% - 3.23% (short term bank deposit).
There is no overdraft facility (March 2018: Nil)




                                                                      49
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 11: LOAN RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                 2019               2018
                                                                                                                   $                  $
First mortgage advances                                                                                          15,152,307          7,651,223
Second mortgage advances                                                                                          1,301,526          1,059,505
Combined first and second mortgage advances1                                                                      1,006,436                  -
Unsecured advances                                                                                                        -             13,688
                                                                                                                 17,460,269          8,724,416
Less deferred fee income and expenditure                                                                           (129,407)           (54,961)
Less allowance for 12-month expected credit losses                                                                  (53,658)           (26,554)
Less allowance for lifetime expected credit losses                                                                          -          (58,949)
Net carrying value                                                                                               17,277,204          8,583,952


Current portion                                                                                                  16,298,686          8,145,777
Non-current portion                                                                                                 978,518            438,175
                                                                                                                 17,277,204          8,583,952


1
 Loan advance secured by first mortgage over one property and second mortgage over another property. Classified as a second mortgage
for the purposes of calculating General Finance Limited's (subsidiary entity) capital ratio in accordance with the Deposit Takers (Credit
Ratings, Capital Ratios, and Related Party Exposures) Regulations 2010.

Loan receivables represent loans at commercial interest rates. Current loan receivables are contractually repayable within 12 months. Non-
current loan receivables are contractually repayable within 12 months to 4 years.

At year end there was $173,528 in outstanding loan commitments including future capitalised interest (March 2018: $10,596).

Interest rate: Between 8.95% and 16.50% (2018: Between 8.95% and 16.50%).
Effective interest rate: Between 10.04% and 20.34% (2018: Between 11.14% and 25.25%).
For loans that are in default, an additional 10% interest is charged.

The core lending activity of the Group is providing, through a broker network, short term and bridging finance secured by mortgage over
residential property. The majority of loans are entered into with a maturity date within 12 months, with a proposal that repayment will be
funded by the sale of the secured property or through refinancing by the borrower. The Group’s lending policy allows for a maximum “loan
to security value” of 70% (excluding fees and charges) on advances.

At balance date, 40.7% (March 2018: 57.9%) of loans by number and 31.4% (March 2018: 59.7%) by value represent loans that have been
rolled over and are into their second or subsequent credit periods.

Where loans have been rolled over, their classification in these consolidated financial statements as current or non-current, or as past due, is
based on payment due dates as per the terms of the extended contract, and not as per the original or preceding contract.

Borrower payment terms are profiled as follows:
                                                                                                                 2019               2018
                                                                                                                   $                  $
Principal only                                                                                                            -             13,688
Principal and interest paid monthly                                                                                       -             61,187
Interest only paid monthly                                                                                       15,300,772          8,474,380
Interest capitalised                                                                                              2,159,497            175,161
Total loan receivables                                                                                           17,460,269          8,724,416




                                                                       50
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 11: LOAN RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

Credit risk – loan receivables

The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of loan receivables and whether there has been a significant increase
in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant increase in the credit risk, the
Group compares the risk of a loss being incurred on the loan receivable as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of
initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forward looking information. The following key indicators are considered:

     -    The loan to valuation ratio of the loan.
     -    Any known changes to the secured property which may impact on the value of the security.
     -    Current and forecast economic data including property values, interest rates, regional economic activity and employment data.
     -    Defaults in contractual payments by the borrower, or changes in the expected payment ability of the borrower.
     -    Other adverse items.

Category 1 – Performing loans

Performing loans are those where there has been no significant increase in credit risk. Generally, these loans have a loan to valuation ratio
below 85%, all contractual payment obligations have been met by borrowers, and there are no other indicators that a loss is more likely to
be incurred than when the loan was first originated. The presumption that loans which are 30 days past due have a significant increase in
credit risk since initial recognition is able to be rebutted by management where the loan to valuation ratio has not increased significantly (for
instance above 85%) and there are no other adverse factors.

The provision is based on the 12 month expected credit losses of the loans, or where the loans are less than 12 months from maturity, the
expected losses for the lifetime of the loan (loans normally have a contractual maturity period of between 3 months and 24 months).
Management have calculated the allowance for 12-month expected losses based on average historical annual write offs and have given due
consideration to current and forecasted economic factors. Accordingly, an allowance of 0.31% has been recognised for performing loans
(March 2018: 0.31%).

Category 2 – Under-performing loans

Under-performing loans are those where there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Generally, these loans have a loan to valuation
ratio above 85% or there are other indicators that a loss is more likely to be incurred than when the loan was originated. The provision is
based on the lifetime expected credit losses of the loans.

Allowances for lifetime expected credit losses for under-performing loans are calculated on an individual basis. The allowances are
probability weighted losses which are determined by evaluating a range of possible future outcomes and are discounted using the original
effective interest rate of the loans.

Reconciliation of movement in allowance for 12-month expected credit losses for performing loans
                                                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                                                                    $                  $
Balance at beginning of period                                                                                        26,554                  -
Acquisition of General Finance Limited (refer note 21.2)                                                                    -            29,494
Increase due to new loans advanced                                                                                    41,010             10,701
Decrease due to repaid loans                                                                                         (13,906)           (13,298)
Decrease due to transfers to under-performing loans                                                                        -               (343)
Balance at end of period                                                                                              53,658             26,554

Reconciliation of movement in allowance for lifetime expected credit losses for under-performing loans
                                                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                                                                    $                  $
Balance at beginning of period                                                                                        58,949                  -
Acquisition of General Finance Limited (refer note 21.2)                                                                   -             27,296
Additional allowance for lifetime expected credit losses                                                                   -             45,261
Reversals of previously recognised lifetime expected credit losses                                                   (46,561)           (13,608)
Bad debts written off                                                                                                (12,388)                 -
Balance at end of period                                                                                                    -            58,949




                                                                       51
                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 11: LOAN RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

Reconciliation of movement in performing loans
                                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                                            $                 $
Balance at beginning of period                                                                            8,599,716                 -
Acquisition of General Finance Limited (refer note 21.2)                                                          -         9,551,879
Advances                                                                                                 13,364,314         3,465,676
Repayments                                                                                               (4,503,761)       (4,306,827)
Transfers to under performing loans                                                                               -          (111,012)
Bad debts written off                                                                                             -                 -
Balance at end of period                                                                                 17,460,269         8,599,716


Reconciliation of movement in under-performing loans
                                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                                            $                 $
Balance at beginning of period                                                                              124,700                 -
Acquisition of General Finance Limited (refer note 21.2)                                                           -          438,444
Additions to under-performing loans                                                                                -          111,012
Repayments                                                                                                 (112,312)         (424,756)
Bad debts written off                                                                                        (12,388)               -
Balance at end of period                                                                                           -          124,700



NOTE 12: INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                                          Ownership Interest Held
Subsidiary                                                                                                2019             2018
Corporate Holdings Limited (CHL)                                 Holding company                         100.0%             6.4%
General Finance Limited                                          Finance                                 100.0%             6.4%
Investment Research Group Limited                                Research and advisory                   100.0%             6.4%
Commercial and General Finance Limited                           Dormant                                 100.0%             6.4%
General Finance & Investments Limited                            Dormant                                 100.0%             6.4%
General Finance & Leasing Limited                                Dormant                                 100.0%             6.4%
General Leasing Limited                                          Dormant                                 100.0%             6.4%
General Loan and Finance Limited                                 Dormant                                 100.0%             6.4%
Mykco Limited (previously named General Capital Limited)         Dormant                                 100.0%             6.4%

The ownership interests above are from the perspective of the legal parent, General Capital Limited (GCL). At 31 March 2018, GCL owned
6.4% of the ordinary shares of CHL, the acquirer for accounting purposes. All of the above entities (other than CHL) were owned 100% by
CHL at 31 March 2018. Refer to note 21 for further details on the business combinations.


All subsidiaries have a 31 March balance date.




                                                                  52
                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 13: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                                              Office
                                                                                                         Equipment
                                                                                                                   $
Cost
At 1 April 2017                                                                                                   -
Additions                                                                                                     7,040
At 31 March 2018                                                                                              7,040
Additions                                                                                                     2,629
At 31 March 2019                                                                                              9,669
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 April 2017                                                                                                   -
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                                  -
At 31 March 2018                                                                                                  -
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                              3,493
At 31 March 2019                                                                                              3,493


Net book value
At 31 March 2018                                                                                              7,040
At 31 March 2019                                                                                              6,176



NOTE 14: INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                 Bartercard
                                                                                      Trade
                                                    Goodwill        Licences        Dollars   Software        Total
                                                          $                $              $          $           $
Year ended 31 March 2018
Opening net book amount                                    -              -              -          -            -
Additions                                                  -              -          2,279     33,107       35,386
Acquisition of General Finance Limited (Note
21.2)                                              1,323,729        247,000               -         -    1,570,729
Acquisition of Investment Research Group
Limited (Note 21.3)                                1,027,001         30,000              -          -    1,057,001
Closing net book amount                            2,350,730        277,000          2,279     33,107    2,663,116


At 31 March 2018
Cost                                               2,350,730        277,000          2,279     33,107    2,663,116
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                    -              -              -          -            -
Net book amount                                    2,350,730        277,000          2,279     33,107    2,663,116




                                                               53
                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 14: INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                           Bartercard
                                                                                                Trade
                                                         Goodwill           Licences          Dollars          Software              Total
                                                               $                   $                $                 $                 $
Year ended 31 March 2019
Opening net book amount                                2,350,730           277,000              2,279            33,107         2,663,116
Additions                                                      -                 -              5,795            32,742            38,537
Reverse Acquisition (Note 21.1)                                -                 -            693,313                 -           693,313
Disposals                                                      -                 -           (110,209)                -          (110,209)
Amortisation charge                                            -                 -                  -           (18,201)          (18,201)
Closing net book amount                                2,350,730           277,000            591,178            47,648         3,266,556


At 31 March 2019
Cost                                                   2,350,730            277,000           591,178            65,849         3,284,757
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                        -                  -                 -           (18,201)          (18,201)
Net book amount                                        2,350,730            277,000           591,178            47,648         3,266,556


Impairment testing for cash-generating units (CGU) containing brands and licences

Goodwill
Allocated to the finance CGU                                                                                  1,323,729         1,323,729
Allocated to the research and advisory CGU                                                                    1,027,001         1,027,001
                                                                                                              2,350,730         2,350,730


Licences with an indefinite useful life
Allocated to the finance CGU                                                                                    247,000           247,000
Allocated to the research and advisory CGU                                                                       30,000            30,000
                                                                                                                277,000           277,000


The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill and indefinite life licences are outlined above. Goodwill primarily relates to growth
expectations, expected future profitability and the workforce of the CGU's. Management have assessed that there is no foreseeable limit to
the period of time over which the goodwill and licences are expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group and as such they have been
assessed as having an indefinite useful life.


The recoverable amount of the CGUs has been determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use pre-tax cash flow
projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five year period. Cash flows beyond the five year period are
extrapolated using the estimated long term growth rates stated below. The growth rate does not exceed the long term average for the
products, industries or country in which the CGUs operate. For each of the CGU's with goodwill and indefinite life licences, the key
assumptions, long term growth rate and discount rate used in the value in use calculations are as follows.


Finance CGU
Pre-tax free cash flows to equity holders (FCFE) have been forecasted based on growth in the non-bank deposit taking / residential lending
business within the current constraints of the licence / trust deed. The forecasted growth in net cash flows is driven primarily by the net
interest and fee margin from forecasted growth in deposit funding and the loan book. For reference purposes, pre-tax FCFE was $173,925 in
2019. Significant expenditure has been incurred since the business was purchased by the Group to ensure that the business has the
capacity and resources to allow from the growth.


                                                   Total Assets   Total Liabilities      Revenue          Expenditure          FCFE
Year one growth assumptions                                62.5%            80.4%             81.0%               58.2%           283.7%
Year two growth assumptions                                18.0%            18.6%             35.0%               22.5%             84.9%
Year three growth assumptions                                7.9%              6.3%           11.5%                8.3%             19.8%
Year four growth assumptions                                 7.6%              5.9%            6.3%                4.9%              9.5%
Year five growth assumptions                                 5.0%              2.8%            4.7%                3.8%              6.6%


                                                                    54
                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 14: INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
                                                                      Forecast assumptions
Terminal growth beyond year 5                                                     2.0%
Pre-tax discount rate (cost of equity)                                           14.2%

In assessing the impairment of the goodwill and licences in the finance CGU, a sensitivity analysis for reasonable possible changes in
assumptions was performed. This included decreasing and increasing the years 1-5 forecasted cash flows (based on the above growth
assumptions) by 25%, decreasing and increasing the terminal growth rate by 0.5%, and decreasing and increasing the discount rate by 1%.
These reasonably possible changes in assumptions did not result in an impairment to the CGU.


Research and advisory CGU
Pre-tax free cash flows to the firm (FCFF) has been forecasted based on expected revenue and expenditure growth in the research and
advisory business.


                                                                      Forecast assumptions
Yearly growth in FCFF (years one - five)                                          5.0%
Terminal growth beyond year five                                                  2.0%
Pre-tax discount rate (cost of equity)                                           16.0%

In assessing the impairment of the goodwill and licences in the research and advisory CGU, a sensitivity analysis for reasonable possible
changes in assumptions was performed. This included decreasing and increasing the years 1-5 forecast cash flows by 100%, decreasing and
increasing the terminal growth rate by 0.5%, and decreasing and increasing the discount rate by 1%. A reduction in forecasted cash flows by
100% would result in an impairment of $1,049,811 to the CGU. An increase in the discount rate by 1% would result in an impairment of
$10,226 to the CGU. The other sensitivity movements did not result in an impairment to the CGU.


Management have determined that a 100% reduction in forecasted cash flows is a reasonably possible change. This is because the cash
flows of the research and advisory group rely most significantly on securing and completing one or more advisory projects per year. Should
this not be achieved, then the net cash flows of the CGU may be breakeven or negative (net cash outflow) in the forecast years. The forecast
has been developed based on historical performance and current advisory opportunities. As at the date of these consolidated financial
statements there are no known adverse factors which would impact on the ability of the CGU to achieve the forecasts.


Bartercard trade dollars
Bartercard trade dollars comprise the balance of Bartercard Trade Dollars on hand at period end net of accumulated impairment losses.

For the years ended 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2019 it was determined that the fair value less costs of disposal of the Bartercard trade
dollars was equivalent to the carrying value of the assets. Fair value less costs of disposal was determined based on the fact that all market
participants (being other Bartercard members) accept the terms and conditions of Bartercard which stipulate that a Bartercard Trade Dollar
is equivalent to a New Zealand dollar at the date of exchange in respect of future purchases or goods and services. In addition, as there are
no significant disposal costs associated with settling transactions in Bartercard trade dollars, management have determined that the fair
value less costs of disposal are equal to the carrying value of bartercard trade dollars.


NOTE 15: INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                Note               2019                2018
                                                                                                                     $                   $
Investment in Barter Investments Limited                                                          19                   35,938              50,800
Investment in Sports & Education Corporation Limited                                              19                 154,545                    -
                                                                                                                      190,483             50,800

The 3.72% stake in Barter Investments Limited is held by Investment Research Group Limited. The investment in the unlisted investment
holdings company is classified as a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income. This equity is not quoted in an active
market. The fair value of this equity security is based on the Group's share of the entity's net assets at reporting date as reported in the
entity's financial statements (valuation technique). The majority of the entity's assets and liabilities are reported in their financial statements
at either their fair value or their carrying value which approximates their fair value (the significant unobservable inputs). The inter-
relationship between key unobservable inputs and fair value measurement is that an increase / (decrease) in the net assets would increase /
(decrease) the fair value of the investment. A loss of $14,862 has been recognised in other comprehensive income during the year in relation
to the fair value of the investment (2018: $nil).




                                                                        55
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 15: INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)

The 0.96% stake in Sports & Education Corporation Limited is held by Investment Research Group Limited and was acquired in late March
2019 as a portion of revenue for the completion of an advisory project. The investment in the Unlisted Securities Exchange (USX) listed
company which owns various brands in the international sports and education sectors is classified as a financial asset at fair value through
other comprehensive income. The equity securities are quoted on the Unlisted Securities Exchange in New Zealand, however there has not
been significant trading activity in the securities since it was listed in December 2018. The fair value of the equity security is estimated by
Management to be $0.50 per share based on the quoted price (latest traded price) of the security of $0.75 per share at reporting date (an
observable input) and a risk adjustment of -33% per share (a significant unobservable input). The risk adjustment is estimated by
management and represents the expected discount to the quoted price required for the significant measurement uncertainty (the low level
of trading in the security compared to other similar quoted securities). Management have estimated the discount with reference to publicly
available information including the 31 March 2018 financial statements and the listing profile of the entity. The inter-relationship between
the key unobservable input and fair value measurement is that an increase / (decrease) in the risk adjustment (an increase being a higher
discount) would (decrease) / increase the fair value of the investment. There have been no amounts recognised in other comprehensive
income during the year in relation to fair value movements of the investment (2018: $nil).



NOTE 16: TERM DEPOSITS



                                                                                                                 2019              2018
                                                                                                                   $                 $
Gross term deposit liability                                                                                    14,928,161         9,862,510
Less deferred commission expenditure                                                                                (27,703)           (8,418)
Net carrying value                                                                                              14,900,458          9,854,092


Contractual repayment terms:
On call                                                                                                             74,980            105,243
Within 12 months                                                                                                 7,253,613          4,217,742
Greater than 12 months                                                                                           7,571,865          5,531,107
                                                                                                                14,900,458          9,854,092

Repayment Terms:                On call up to 5 years
Interest Rate:                  3.75% - 6.75% and 2.00% on call (March 2018: 4.00% - 7.00% and 2.00% on call)
Effective Interest Rate:        3.80% - 6.75% and 2.00% on call (March 2018: 4.07% - 7.19% and 2.00% on call)
Security:                       First ranking security interest over the assets and undertakings of General Finance Limited in favour of the
                                Trustee (subject only to any prior security interests permitted by the Trust Deed and preferential claims given
                                priority by operation of law).

The Group has a total of 222 depositors as at 31 March 2019 (March 2018: 170). As at balance date, the largest deposit the Group has is
$628,149 (March 2018: $300,000) which represents 4.21% (March 2018: 3.04%) of total deposits. As at balance date the largest aggregate
deposits under a single deposit holder totals $2,633,389 (March 2018: $600,000) which represents 17.64% (March 2018: 6.08%) of total
deposits and have a weighted average maturity date of 6.43 months from balance date (March 2018: 3.25 months from balance date). The
largest deposit holder at 31 March 2019 is a director of the Company (refer to note 19).

Further analysis of gross deposit funding is as follows:

Concentration of funding                                                                                        2019               2018
                                                                                                                  $                  $
Auckland                                                                                                        5,862,443          4,642,865
Wellington                                                                                                      1,312,135            984,181
Other North Island                                                                                              4,220,147          3,106,837
South Island                                                                                                      880,321            950,475
Overseas *                                                                                                      2,653,115            178,152
Total gross term deposit liability                                                                              14,928,161          9,862,510

*The largest deposit holder resides overseas and is a director of the Company (refer to note19).




                                                                       56
                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 16: TERM DEPOSITS (CONTINUED)

Contractual maturity of funding                                                                                 2019            2018
                                                                                                                  $               $
Maturing in 0 - 6 months                                                                                         4,190,400       2,207,958
Maturing in 6 - 12 months                                                                                        3,141,478       2,115,504
Maturing in 12 - 24 months                                                                                       5,185,710       3,702,957
Maturing after 24 months                                                                                         2,410,573       1,836,091
Total gross term deposit liability                                                                             14,928,161       9,862,510

Profile of deposit holders                                                 2019             2019                2018            2018
                                                                                              $                                   $
Deposits over $200,000                                                      12               6,165,149             9             3,201,608
Deposits $100,000 - $200,000                                                18               2,598,273            14             2,007,821
Deposits $50,000 - $100,000                                                 44               3,159,596            27             1,969,236
Deposits $20,000 - $50,000                                                  60               1,913,651            58             1,884,047
Deposits $10,000 - $20,000                                                  48                 775,251            38               605,606
Deposits under $10,000                                                      40                 316,241            24               194,192
Total gross term deposit liability                                         222             14,928,161            170            9,862,510


NOTE 17: OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

Redeemable preference shares - type 2                                                                           2019            2018
                                                                                                                  $               $
Balance at beginning of period                                                                                   1,452,521               -
Fair value of redeemable preference shares issued                                                                        -       1,394,746
Unwind of discount                                                                                                  47,479          57,775
Conversion to ordinary shares in Corporate Holdings Limited                                                     (1,500,000)              -
                                                                                                                         -       1,452,521
Refer to note 18 for further details on the terms of the type 2 redeemable preference shares.


NOTE 18: SHARE CAPITAL, WARRANTS AND REDEEMABLE PREFERENCE SHARES

As described in note 21.1, these consolidated financial statements have been prepared as a continuation of the financial statements of
Corporate Holdings Limited (CHL), as such the carrying amount of share capital reflects the value of shares issued by CHL (up to the date of
the reverse acquisition transaction described in note 21.1). However as General Capital Limited (formerly Mykco Limited) is the legal parent
of the Group, and the listed entity, the number of ordinary shares shown below represent the number of shares on issue by General Capital
Limited.

                                                                                   2019                                 2018
                                                       Note               Number                $              Number             $
Ordinary shares                                         (a)               153,845,313           9,573,495       19,616,874        1,448,503

Redeemable preference shares - type 1                   (b)                            -                   -     3,457,000        3,474,850
Redeemable preference shares - type 2                   (c)                            -                   -     1,500,000          105,254
                                                                                   -                   -        4,957,000        3,580,104

                                                                          153,845,313           9,573,495       24,573,874        5,028,607




                                                                     57
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 18: SHARE CAPITAL, WARRANTS AND REDEEMABLE PREFERENCE SHARES (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                 Ordinary shares
                                                                                                             Number              $
Balance at 1 April 2017                                                                                       19,616,874              1,000
Ordinary shares issued during the year                                                                                 -        1,455,000
Transaction costs arising on shares issued                                                                             -            (7,497)
Balance at 31 March 2018                                                                                      19,616,874        1,448,503
Conversion of redeemable preference shares to ordinary shares - equity portion                                         -        3,580,104
Conversion of redeemable preference shares to ordinary shares - financial liability portion                            -        1,500,000
Ordinary shares issued on reverse acquisition transaction (note 21.1)                                        104,323,240        1,121,259
Ordinary shares issued - placements                                                                           27,502,221        1,856,400
Ordinary shares issued - share purchase plan                                                                   2,402,978           162,200
Transaction costs arising on                                                                                           -          (94,971)
Balance at 31 March 2019                                                                                     153,845,313        9,573,495

                                                                      Redeemable preference shares -   Redeemable preference shares -
                                                                                  type 1                           type 2
                                                                        Number              $            Number              $
Balance at 1 April 2017                                                             -                -               -                -
Redeemable preference shares issued during the period                      3,457,000        3,474,850       1,500,000          105,254
Balance at 31 March 2018                                                   3,457,000        3,474,850       1,500,000          105,254
Conversion of redeemable preference shares to ordinary shares            (3,457,000)      (3,474,850)     (1,500,000)        (105,254)
Balance at 31 March 2019                                                            -                -               -                -


(a) Ordinary shares
All ordinary shares rank equally and entitle the holder to participate in dividends and to share in the proceeds of winding up the Company in
proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. One vote is attached to each fully-paid ordinary share. Shares have no
par value. The Company is listed on the NZAX at 31 March 2019 - the secondary market of the New Zealand Stock Exchange, and
subsequently migrated to the NZX main board on 1 July 2019.

During the year ended 31 March 2018 455,000 shares were issued for consideration of $455,000 and 1,000,000 shares were issued at a fair
value of $1,000,000 as part of the consideration paid for the acquisition of Investment Research Group (refer to note 21.3). These shares
were issued to related parties as detailed in note 19.

As detailed in Note 21.1, the acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited was settled on 3 August 2018 by the issue of 104,323,240 ordinary
shares in General Capital Limited at a fair value of $1,121,259.


The Company issued shares at 6.75 cents per share on 7 December 2018 in relation to a share purchase plan and placement of shares.
Further details of these transactions is included below:


(i)    Shareholder Purchase Plan
       2,402,978 ordinary shares have been issued to 39 shareholders with an aggregate subscription value of $162,200.

(ii)   Placements
       18,615,073 ordinary shares have been issued to wholesale investors for an aggregate subscription value of $1,256,518.
       1,037,037 ordinary shares have been issued to Directors and Senior Managers for an aggregate subscription value of $70,000. (refer to
       note 19)
       7,850,111 ordinary shares have been issued to Borneo Capital Limited (Borneo) for an aggerate subscription value of $529,883 to allow
       Borneo to maintain its current 26.25% shareholding in the Company. (refer to note 19)

(b) Redeemable preference shares - type 1
Corporate Holdings Limited issued 3,100,000 type 1 redeemable preference shares at an issue price of $1.00 per share on 15 December
2017 and a further 357,000 type 1 redeemable preference shares on 26 January 2018 at an issue price of $1.05 per share .

The terms of the subscription agreement entitled Corporate Holdings Limited to convert the preference shares into ordinary Corporate
Holdings Limited Shares (on a 1:1 basis) or to repay the holder. The Group did not have a contractual obligation (including contingent) to
deliver cash or other financial assets to the holders of these redeemable preference shares, as such they have accordingly been recorded as
equity instruments. The shares were converted to ordinary shares in Corporate Holdings Limited on 3 August 2018 prior to the reverse
acquisition transaction described in note 21.1.



                                                                      58
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 18: SHARE CAPITAL, WARRANTS AND REDEEMABLE PREFERENCE SHARES (CONTINUED)

(c) Redeemable preference shares - type 2
Corporate Holdings Limited issued 1,500,000 type 2 redeemable preference shares at an issue price of $1.00 per share on 15 December
2017.


The terms of the subscription agreement allowed entitled Corporate Holdings Limited to convert the preference shares into ordinary shares
of Corporate Holdings Limited (on a 1:1 basis) if the acquisition described in note 21.1 was completed within 180 days from the issue date.
There was a contingent obligation to deliver cash to the holder if the Group did not complete its obligation to complete the acquisition
within that timeframe (which was later extended). The type 2 redeemable preference shares have accordingly been recognised as a financial
liability at amortised cost (refer to note 17) and had a fair value on initial recognition of $1,394,746, with the balance of $105,254 being
recognised in equity. The shares were converted to ordinary shares in Corporate Holdings Limited on 3 August 2018 prior to the reverse
acquisition transaction described in note 21.1.


(d) Warrants                                                                   GENWA Warrants                     GENWB Warrants
                                                                            Number          $                  Number          $
Balance at 1 April 2017                                                               -                  -                  -                    -
Balance at 31 March 2018                                                              -                  -                  -                    -
Issue of warrants during the period                                         153,845,313                  -      307,690,626                      -
Balance at 31 March 2019                                                    153,845,313                  -      307,690,626                      -

On 11 December 2018 the company issued the following warrants:
 - 153,845,313 2020 warrants (GENWA) have been issued, 146,026,771 to eligible shareholders and 7,818,542 to a Holding Account
    managed by the Company. All warrants were issued on a basis of one warrant for each share held on record date. The warrants are
    exercisable on or before 31 March 2020 at 7.75 cents per share for each warrant held. Further details are in the offer document.

 -   307,690,626 2021 warrants (GENWB) have been issued, 292,053,229 to eligible shareholders and 15,637,084 to a Holding Account
     managed by the Company. All warrants were issued on a basis of two warrants for each share held on record date. The warrants are
     exercisable on or before 30 November 2021 at 9.00 cents per share for each warrant held. Further details are in the offer document.


NOTE 19: RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS

Major shareholders, directors, directors of subsidiaries and closely related persons or entities to them are considered related parties of the
Group.

The Group had dealings with the following related parties during the reporting periods:

Related party                                     Relationship
Directors (Refer to Director Profiles)            Directors
Alistair Ward                                     Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited)
Donald Hattaway                                   Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited)
Garth Ward                                        Director of Subsidiary (Corporate Holdings Limited)
Gregory Pearce                                    Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited)
Robert Hart                                       Director of Subsidiary (General Finance Limited)
Almond Draw Limited                               Common Director
Barter Investments Limited                        Common Director
Borneo Capital Limited                            Common Director
Campbell MacPherson Limited                       Common Director
Equity Investment Advisers Limited                Common Director
Moneyonline Limited                               Common Director
Pegasus Golf Limited                              Common Director with Sports & Education Corporation Limited2 (parent company of
                                                  Pegasus Golf Limited)
Snowdon Peak Limited                              Common Director
Sports & Education Corporation Limited2           Common Director




                                                                       59
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 19: RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

Related party payables:                                                                                         2019              2018
                                                                                                                  $                 $
Almond Draw Limited                                                                                                       -            24,550
Brent King                                                                                                           1,870            116,492
Equity Investment Advisers Limited                                                                                        -               300
Moneyonline Limited                                                                                                  6,072                  -
                                                                                                                    7,942           141,342

The group also had $2,985 payable to Equity Investment Advisers Limited included in accounts and other payables on the statement of
financial position (2018: $nil).
The above amounts payable to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

Other related party balances:
                                                                                                                2019              2018
                                                                                                                  $                 $
Term deposits held by directors and subsidiary directors                                                         2,834,450                   -

Loan receivable exposure to Pegasus Golf Limited                                                                   389,564                   -



Transactions with related parties                                                                               2019              2018
Related Party                 Type                 Transaction                                                    $                 $
Directors of the Company1      Expense             Directors fees1                                                  56,783                   -
Directors of subsidiary
companies                      Expense             Directors fees                                                   62,000             17,666
Executive Directors and
subsidiary Executive Directors Expense             Remuneration other than directors fees                          296,684             68,441
Directors and subsidiary                           Interest paid or capitalised on term deposits
directors                      Expense             investments held by related parties                              55,626                   -
Directors and subsidiary
directors                      Expense             Recharge of expenses                                             36,035               4,888
Almond Draw Limited            Expense             Consultant fees                                                  44,775                   -
Equity Investment Advisers
Limited                        Expense             Recharge of salary costs                                         50,156            13,717
                               Expense             Brokerage paid                                                   23,638             4,435
Moneyonline Limited            Expense             Recharge of expenses                                             99,352            17,370
Snowdon Peak Limited           Expense             Commission expense                                                    -           220,500
Campbell MacPherson
Limited                        Revenue             Advertising fees                                                  2,500                   -
Pegasus Golf Limited           Revenue             Fees and interest capitalised to loan balance                    13,036                   -
Sports and Education
Corporation Limited2           Revenue             Advisory fees2                                                  274,100                   -

1
    Since 3 August 2018, the date of the reverse acquisition, refer to note 21.1.
2
    Since 30 November 2018, the date Sports & Education Corporation Limited became a related party by virtue of common directorship.

Other related party transactions:

Investment Research Group Limited (IRG) was acquired and became part of the Group on 19 December 2017. IRG was previously 100%
owned by Brent King (Director). The consideration in relation to the acquisition was the issue of 1,100,000 CHL shares to Brent King at a fair
value of $1 per share, and the payment of 100,000 bartercard trade dollars with a fair value of $100,000 (i.e. total consideration of
$1,100,000). Refer to Note 21.3 for further details on the acquisition.




                                                                       60
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 19: RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

During the year ended 31 March 2018, 280,000 ordinary shares of Corporate Holdings Limited (CHL) were issued to Brent King for
consideration of $1 per share, and 1,000,000 shares were issued to Brent King with a fair value of $1 per share as part of the consideration
for the purchase of IRG (refer to note 21.3). During the year ended 31 March 2018, 100,000 ordinary shares of CHL were issued to the
Company (prior to the reverse acquisition described in Note 21.1) and 75,000 ordinary shares of CHL a were issued to Barter Investments
Limited for consideration of $1 per share. All of the shares of CHL (other than those already owned by the Company) were ultimately
acquired by the Company (by issuing the Company's shares to CHL's shareholders) in the reverse acquisition transaction on 3 August 2018
described in note 21.1. This included the 100,000 CHL shares that were owned by Garth Ward prior to 1 April 2017 (which had a par value of
$0.01 per share at 1 April 2017). Refer to note 18 for further details on share capital and redeemable preference shares.


During the year ended 31 March 2018 2,000,000 CHL redeemable preference shares (type 1) were issued to Borneo Capital Limited for
consideration of $2,000,000. These redeemable preference shares were converted to ordinary CHL shares on 3 August 2018 and were
ultimately purchased by the Company (by issuing the Company's shares to CHL's shareholders) in the reverse acquisition transaction on 3
August 2018 described in note 21.1. Refer to note 18 for further details on share capital and redeemable preference shares.


On 27 July 2018, an executive director of General Finance Limited contributed $150,000 towards a loan receivable of the Group on equal
terms with the Group in respect of the proportion contributed. The loan contribution was repaid by the Group on 11 December 2018. The
proportion of interest in relation to the contribution totalled $5,039 and the proportion of fee income in relation to the contribution totalled
$2,000.

As detailed in note 18 (a), on 7 December 2018 1,037,037 ordinary shares have been issued to Directors and Senior Managers for an
aggregate subscription value of $70,000 and 7,850,111 ordinary shares have been issued to Borneo Capital Limited (Borneo) for an aggerate
subscription value of $529,883.

Directors and other related parties received warrants issued on 11 December 2018 in the same ratio as all other shareholders in respect of
the ordinary shares that they owned at that date (refer to note 18 (d)).




                                                                       61
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 20: RECONCILIATION OF NET SURPLUS WITH CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                                                2019               2018
                                                                                                                  $                  $
Net loss after tax                                                                                               (458,088)          (326,650)

Adjustment for non-cash and other items
Bad debts written off - loan receivables                                                                             12,388                  -
Movement in allowance for expected credit losses                                                                   (31,844)             28,714
Deferred tax movement                                                                                                 1,965           (17,649)
Income received in non-cash financial assets                                                                      (165,600)                  -
Expenses paid in non-cash financial assets                                                                           11,055                  -
Loss on acquisition of listed shell                                                                                 405,280                  -
Interest on redeemable preference shares                                                                             47,479             57,775
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                        21,694                  -


Adjustment for movements in working capital1
(Increase) / decrease in loan receivables (net advances)                                                        (8,516,032)         1,019,852
(Increase) / decrease in accrued interest on loans receivable                                                        (9,940)            24,194
(Increase) / decrease in capitalised loan fees                                                                    (135,185)             62,850
(Increase) / decrease in capitalised interest                                                                      (82,223)           141,933
(Increase) / decrease in accounts receivable                                                                         (5,440)             (554)
(Increase) / decrease in prepayments and other current assets                                                      (14,237)           (57,881)
(Increase) / decrease in prepaid commission                                                                        (19,286)              (198)
(Increase) / decrease in bartercard trade dollars                                                                   104,414            (3,139)
Increase / (decrease) in income tax payable                                                                       (114,786)           (22,322)
Increase / (decrease) in deferred income                                                                             63,849           (27,727)
Increase / (decrease) in interest payable                                                                              7,177            11,273
Increase / (decrease) in related party payable                                                                    (133,400)             45,799
Increase / (decrease) in accounts and other payables                                                               (22,519)              2,945

Net cash (outflow) / inflow from operating activities                                                           (9,033,279)          939,215

1
    Movements are net of working capital amounts acquired in business combinations (note 21).


NOTE 21: BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

21.1 Reverse acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited

On 3 August 2018, General Capital Limited, acquired Corporate Holdings Limited through the issue of 104,323,240 ordinary shares to the
vendors of Corporate Holdings Limited.

Under the terms of the Sale and Purchase agreement dated 28 May 2018, that was approved by shareholders at a Special Meeting on 31
July 2018, the acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited was settled by 104,323,240 ordinary shares in General Capital Limited.

For financial reporting purposes the directors have determined that due to the nature of the transaction and the parties involved that the
acquisition should be classified as a "reverse acquisition" where Corporate Holdings Limited is treated as the acquirer of General Capital
Limited. The consolidated financial statements prepared following a "reverse acquisition" are issued under the name of the legal parent,
General Capital Limited (the accounting acquiree), but are a continuation of the financial statements of Corporate Holdings Limited (the
accounting acquirer), a company that was incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand on 16 March 2017.

Under reverse acquisition accounting, the cost of the business combination is deemed to have been the incurred by the legal subsidiary,
Corporate Holdings Limited (the accounting acquirer) in the form of equity instruments issued to the owners of the legal parent, General
Capital Limited, (the accounting acquiree). The consideration of $1,121,259 is the fair value of the shares that were issued in relation to the
transaction. The fair value of shares issued is calculated as the percentage of ownership of Corporate Holdings Limited forgone by its original
shareholders divided by the percentage of ownership of General Capital Limited obtained by CHL's shareholders in the transaction multiplied
by the fair value of Corporate Holdings Limited on acquisition date. The difference between the deemed value of the shares issued and the
fair value of net assets acquired of $405,280 is recorded as a loss in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.


                                                                      62
                                          GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 21: BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)


The primary reason for the business combination was to effect the reverse listing of Corporate Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries.


Details of the transaction were:
                                                                                                                  $
Fair value of consideration transferred
Shares issued as consideration                                                                                   1,121,259
Total Consideration                                                                                              1,121,259

Identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed
- Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         85,735
- Other current assets                                                                                              22,809
- Intangible assets - bartercard trade dollars (note 14)                                                           693,313
- Accounts and other payables                                                                                      (85,878)
Net assets acquired                                                                                                715,979
Loss on acquiring listed shell                                                                                     405,280
                                                                                                                 1,121,259

 Contribution to Group results
Since the acquisition date General Capital Limited has contributed revenue of $2,538 and a loss after tax of $163,210 which is included
within the loss for the Group. Had the combination occurred from the beginning of the year ended 31 March 2019 , the operating loss for
General Capital Limited included in the Group would have been $421,177 and revenue would have been $3,750.


21.2 Acquisition of General Finance Limited

On 19 December 2017, Corporate Holdings Limited acquired a non-bank deposit taker / residential mortgage lender, General Finance
Limited.

Details of the transaction were:
                                                                                                                  $
Fair value of consideration transferred
Cash                                                                                                             4,721,834
Total Consideration                                                                                              4,721,834

Identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed
- Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      3,347,100
- Other current assets                                                                                                2,374
- Finance receivables                                                                                            9,869,743
- Deferred tax asset                                                                                                 14,466
- Intangible assets - non-bank deposit taker licence (note 14)                                                      247,000
- Accounts and other payables                                                                                     (148,005)
- Income tax payable                                                                                               (91,658)
- Term deposits                                                                                                 (9,842,915)
Identifiable net assets                                                                                          3,398,105
Goodwill on acquisition                                                                                          1,323,729
                                                                                                                 4,721,834

 Identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed
The fair value of the non-bank deposit taker licence has been determined using the multi-period excess earnings method.

 Goodwill
The goodwill of $1,323,729 is related to the excess consideration over the fair value of net assets at the acquisition date and has been
allocated to the finance CGU.

 Contribution to Group results
In the year ended 31 March 2018 General Finance Limited contributed revenue of $454,749 and a loss after tax of $13,658 included within
the loss for the Group. Had the combination occurred from the beginning of the 31 March 2018 year, operating profit for General Finance
Limited included in the Group would have been $274,899 and revenue would have been $1,612,863.


                                                                      63
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 21: BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)

21.3 Acquisition of Investment Research Group Limited

On 19 December 2017, Corporate Holdings Limited acquired an investment advisory services and investment research publishing business,
Investment Research Group Limited. The business was previously owned by Brent King, Managing Director (refer to Note 19 - Related Party
Balances and Transactions).

Details of the transaction were:
                                                                                                                  $
Fair value of consideration transferred
Corporate Holdings Limited ordinary shares issued                                                                1,000,000
Intangible assets - bartercard trade dollars                                                                       100,000
Total Consideration                                                                                              1,100,000


Identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed
- Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          3,340
- Other current assets                                                                                              21,177
- Investments in unlisted securities (allocated to corporate and other segment)                                     50,800
- Intangible assets - NZX sponsor license (note 14)                                                                 30,000
- Accounts and other payables                                                                                      (32,318)
Identifiable net assets                                                                                             72,999
Goodwill on acquisition                                                                                          1,027,001
                                                                                                                 1,100,000


 Identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed
The fair value of the NZX sponsor licence has been determined using the replacement cost method.

 Goodwill
The goodwill of $1,027,001 is related to the excess consideration over the fair value of net assets at the acquisition date and has been
allocated to the research and advisory CGU.

 Contribution to Group results
In the year ended 31 March 2018, Investment Research Group Limited contributed revenue of $292,469 (of which $67,868 is eliminated on
group consolidation) and a loss after tax of $254,206 included within the loss for the Group. Had the combination occurred from the
beginning of the 31 March 2018 year, the operating loss for Investment Research Group included in the Group would have been $335,570
and revenue would have been $415,506 (of which $67,868 would have eliminated on group consolidation).




                                                                      64
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 22: COMPARISON TO PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Prospective consolidated financial statements were prepared for the Group within the disclosure document dated 16 July 2018 as part of
the special meeting dated 31 July 2018. The prospective financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2019 are compared to the actual
results achieved for that year.

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                                                        prospective
                                                                                        Actual         information*
                                                                                      Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                       31 March          31 March
                                                                                         2019              2019            Variance
                                                                                           $                 $                 $

Interest income                                                                           1,479,226         1,838,550         (359,324)
Interest expense                                                                           (640,270)         (873,887)         233,617
Net interest income                                                                         838,956           964,663         (125,707)

Fee and commission income                                                                   281,176           294,361          (13,185)
Fee and commission expense                                                                  (92,332)          (30,000)         (62,332)
Net fee and commission income                                                               188,844           264,361          (75,517)


Revenue from contracts with customers                                                       347,702           325,000            22,702
Cost of sales                                                                               (24,368)          (25,000)              632
Gross profit from contracts with customers                                                  323,334           300,000            23,334

Other income                                                                                 28,163            23,000            5,163
Net revenue                                                                               1,379,297         1,552,024         (172,727)


(Increase) / decrease of provision in respect of finance receivables                          19,456         (100,000)         119,456
Personnel expenses                                                                         (603,011)         (352,300)        (250,711)
Occupancy expenses                                                                          (90,176)          (90,000)            (176)
Depreciation                                                                                 (3,493)                 -          (3,493)
Amortisation of intangibles                                                                 (18,201)                 -         (18,201)
Other expenses                                                                             (603,152)         (957,640)         354,488
Acquisition expenses                                                                       (103,927)                 -        (103,927)
Loss on acquiring listed shell                                                             (405,280)                 -        (405,280)
                                                                                         (1,807,784)       (1,499,940)        (307,844)

Profit before income tax expense                                                           (428,487)           52,084         (480,571)
Income tax (expense) / benefit                                                              (29,601)          (13,443)         (16,158)
Net profit after income tax expense                                                        (458,088)           38,641         (496,729)

Other comprehensive income
Changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value                               (14,862)            4,360          (19,222)
through other
Other         comprehensive
      comprehensive            income
                        income for  the year                                                (14,862)            4,360          (19,222)
Total comprehensive income                                                                 (472,950)           43,001         (515,951)

*Where applicable, amounts have been reclassified for consistency with 31 March 2019 consolidated financial statements.




                                                                       65
                                           GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 22: COMPARISON TO PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                                                        prospective
                                                                                        Actual         information*
                                                                                         as at             as at
                                                                                       31 March          31 March
                                                                                         2019              2019           Variance
                                                                                           $                 $                $
Equity
Share capital                                                                             9,573,495         8,282,353       1,291,142
Retained earnings                                                                          (805,973)          797,021      (1,602,994)
Other reserves                                                                              (14,862)                -         (14,862)
Total equity                                                                              8,752,660         9,079,374        (326,714)

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 2,949,317         3,751,799        (802,482)
Accounts receivables                                                                         19,246           245,474        (226,228)
Finance receivables                                                                      17,277,204        23,259,044      (5,981,840)
Other current assets                                                                        114,844            33,000           81,844
Income taxation receivable                                                                   45,450                 -           45,450
Property, plant and equipment                                                                 6,176                 -            6,176
Deferred tax asset                                                                           38,408            27,413           10,995
Financial assets at fair value through other                                                190,483                 -          190,483
comprehensive
Intangible assetsincome
                   and goodwill                                                           3,266,556         3,376,817        (110,261)
Total assets                                                                             23,907,684        30,693,547      (6,785,863)
Liabilities
Accounts and other payables                                                                 246,624           189,978           56,646
Related party payables                                                                        7,942                 -            7,942
Income taxation payable                                                                           -            35,000         (35,000)
Term deposits                                                                            14,900,458        21,389,195      (6,488,737)
Total liabilities                                                                        15,155,024        21,614,173      (6,459,149)
Net assets                                                                                8,752,660         9,079,374        (326,714)



Consolidated summarised statement of changes in equity
                                                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                                                        prospective
                                                                                        Actual         information*
                                                                                      Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                       31 March          31 March
                                                                                         2019              2019           Variance
                                                                                           $                 $                $

Restated total equity as at 1 April 2018                                                  4,680,722         7,286,373      (2,605,651)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                    (472,950)           43,001        (515,951)
Issue of share capital                                                                    3,044,888         1,750,000       1,294,888
Balance at 31 March 2019                                                                  7,252,660         9,079,374      (1,826,714)

*Where applicable, amounts have been reclassified for consistency with 31 March 2019 consolidated financial statements.




                                                                   66
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 22: COMPARISON TO PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                                                                               Unaudited
                                                                                                              prospective
                                                                                             Actual          information*
                                                                                              as at              as at
                                                                                            31 March           31 March
                                                                                              2019               2019             Variance
                                                                                                $                  $                  $

Cash flow from operating activities
Interest received                                                                              1,376,467         1,777,878            (401,411)
Receipts from customers                                                                           393,838           592,415           (198,577)
Other income                                                                                       27,783                 -             27,783
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                           (1,587,300)       (1,469,197)           (118,103)
Interest paid                                                                                   (585,614)         (700,860)            115,246
Income tax paid                                                                                 (142,421)          (42,254)           (100,167)
Finance receivables (net advances)                                                            (8,516,032)      (14,618,310)          6,102,278
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                     (9,033,279)      (14,460,328)          5,427,049

Cash flow from investing activities
Acquisition of subsidiaries (net of cash acquired)                                                85,736                    -           85,736
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                         (2,629)                   -           (2,629)
Purchase of software                                                                             (32,742)                   -          (32,742)
Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities                                             50,365                    -           50,365

Cash flow from financing activities
Issue of ordinary shares                                                                       1,923,628          1,750,000            173,628
Issue of redeemable preference shares                                                          5,058,474         11,362,076        (6,303,602)
Term deposits (net receipts)                                                                           -           (116,626)           116,626
Net cash provided by financing activities                                                      6,982,102         12,995,450        (6,013,348)

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the reporting period                                 4,950,129          5,216,677           (266,548)
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents held during
the reporting period                                                                          (2,000,812)        (1,464,878)          (535,934)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the reporting period                                        2,949,317          3,751,799          (802,482)



*Where applicable, amounts have been reclassified for consistency with 31 March 2019 consolidated financial statements.


Key drivers of variances:

The loss on acquiring listed shell expense of $405,280 arises due to the accounting treatment when a smaller company buys a larger
company (a "reverse acquisition"). It is effectively the cost attributed to the dilution effect that occurs, the details of which are set out in
note 21.1. The prospective financial information was not prepared on the same basis, and instead was prepared as a simple combination of
the consolidated prospective Corporate Holdings Limited group financial statements with the Company's prospective financial statements.


The growth in the finance receivables book and term deposit liabilities was not as fast as originally anticipated, which represents the
majority of the variance in total assets and total liabilities. The slower than anticipated growth in the balance sheet also resulted in a lower
net interest margin ($125,707 lower than forecast) and net fee and commission income ($75,517 lower than forecast). Expenses (other than
the loss on acquiring listed shell expense) were also approximately $97,436 lower than forecast due to the slower than anticipated growth.




                                                                       67
                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

NOTE 23: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases were $7,013 as at 31 March 2018 payable in no later
than 1 year.


The Group has no lease agreements in place as at 31 March 2019 and up to the date of these consolidated financial statements. Since June
2018, the Group has been paying a share of office lease costs to Moneyonline Limited, a related company, based on an allocation of office
space utilised by the Company (refer to note 19). These costs are included in occupancy expenses in the statement of comprehensive
income.
The Group has no other material commitments or contingent liabilities at reporting date.

NOTE 24: EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE

 -   On 25 June 2019 12,650,000 GENWB Warrants were issued to Directors and Senior Managers of General Capital Limited and its
     subsidiaries (including contractors, consultants, consultant companies, and any trustee or trustees of or for any of the foregoing
     persons). The warrants were approved by the Company's shareholders in the 29 November 2018 shareholder meeting and were issued
     for no consideration on the same terms as the GENWB warrants as disclosed in Note 18 (d).
 -   On 1 July 2019 the Company transitioned from its listing on the NZAX Market to the NZX Main Board.

There has been no other matter or circumstance, which has arisen since reporting date that has significantly affected or may significantly
affect:
  - the operations, in financial years subsequent to reporting date, of the Group, or
  - the results of those operations, or
  - the state of affairs, in financial years subsequent to reporting date, of the Group.




                                                                     68
                                      GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                        SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION




General Capital Limited ("the Company") was a listed company on the New Zealand Alternative Market (NZAX) during the year
ended 31 March 2019 and subsequent to year end on 1 July 2019 has migrated to the NZX Main Board.

The Company had three classes of quoted financial products on issue as at 31 March 2019, during the year ended on that date,
and up to the date of this Annual Report:

Ordinary shares
All ordinary shares rank equally with one vote attached to each ordinary share. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate
in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of shares held.

GENWA Warrants
Warrants are exercisable on or before 31 March 2020 at 7.75 cents per share for each warrant held. Warrants do not have any
voting rights attached to them, nor do they have any entitlement to participate in dividends or the proceeds on the winding up
of the Company.

GENWB Warrants
Warrants are exercisable on or before 30 November 2021 at 9.00 cents per share for each warrant held. Warrants do not have
any voting rights attached to them, nor do they have any entitlement to participate in dividends or the proceeds on the
winding up of the Company.


LARGEST HOLDERS OF QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS (as at 10 July 2019)

Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                 Ordinary Shares
Rank     Registered Holder                                                                                              %
                                                                                                      Held
1        Borneo Capital Limited                                                                       40,390,111            26.25%
2        Brent Douglas King                                                                           20,948,650            13.62%
3        CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                                    16,270,000            10.58%
4        Belian Holdings Limited                                                                       9,077,869             5.90%
5        Owen Arvind Daji                                                                              7,030,463             4.57%
6        Grant Keith Baker & Donna Jean Baker & Lewis Thomas Grant                                     6,511,945             4.23%
7        Harrigens Trustees Limited                                                                    6,511,945             4.23%
8        Stephen John Sinclair & Jacqueline Margaret Sinclair & Roger Frederick Wallis                 6,290,524             4.09%
9        John Tomson                                                                                   6,289,722             4.09%
10       Bruce Gregory Speers & Fiorano Trust Limited                                                  4,289,723             2.79%
11       Syed Hizam Alsagoff                                                                           4,000,000             2.60%
12       Barter Investments Limited                                                                    3,562,470             2.32%
13       Zhenhua Qian                                                                                  3,030,303             1.97%
14       Bruce Gregory Speers                                                                          2,222,222             1.44%
15       Garth William Ward                                                                            1,672,455             1.09%
16       Justin Andrew Cunningham & Andrew Mark Scott                                                  1,637,000             1.06%
17       Sii Yih Ting                                                                                  1,480,000             0.96%
18       Koon Weng Lee                                                                                 1,291,325             0.84%
19       Chu Kian Then                                                                                 1,008,300             0.66%
20       Robert Garry Hart & Sarah Dawn Wilkinson-Hart & Eth (Wilkinson-Hart) Trustees Limited           740,741             0.48%
                                                                                                     144,255,768            93.77%




                                                                 69
                                       GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                          SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


LARGEST HOLDERS OF QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS (as at 10 July 2019) (continued)

GENWA Warrants
                                                                                                         GENWA
Rank      Registered Holder                                                                                                    %
                                                                                                       Warrants Held
1         Borneo Capital Limited                                                                          40,390,111               26.25%
2         Brent Douglas King                                                                              20,948,650               13.62%
3         CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                                       16,270,000               10.58%
4         Belian Holdings Limited                                                                          9,077,869                5.90%
5         General Capital Limited1                                                                         7,778,542                5.06%
6         Owen Arvind Daji                                                                                 7,030,463                4.57%
7         Grant Keith Baker & Donna Jean Baker & Lewis Thomas Grant                                        6,511,945                4.23%
8         Harrigens Trustees Limited                                                                       6,511,945                4.23%
9         Stephen John Sinclair & Jacqueline Margaret Sinclair & Roger Frederick Wallis                    6,290,524                4.09%
10        John Tomson                                                                                      6,289,722                4.09%
11        Bruce Gregory Speers & Fiorano Trust Limited                                                     4,289,723                2.79%
12        Syed Hizam Alsagoff                                                                              4,000,000                2.60%
13        Barter Investments Limited                                                                       3,562,470                2.32%
14        Zhenhua Qian                                                                                     3,030,303                1.97%
15        Bruce Gregory Speers                                                                             2,222,222                1.44%
16        Garth William Ward                                                                               1,672,455                1.09%
17        Justin Andrew Cunningham & Andrew Mark Scott                                                     1,637,000                1.06%
18        Robert Garry Hart & Sarah Dawn Wilkinson-Hart & Eth (Wilkinson-Hart) Trustees Limited              740,741                0.48%
19        Yada Holdings No 1 Limited                                                                         570,000                0.37%
20        Robert Peter Nicolson                                                                              451,296                0.29%
                                                                                                         149,275,981               97.03%


GENWB Warrants
                                                                                                         GENWB
Rank      Registered Holder                                                                                                    %
                                                                                                       Warrants Held
1         Borneo Capital Limited                                                                          82,780,222               25.84%
2         Brent Douglas King                                                                              43,897,300               13.70%
3         CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                                       32,540,000               10.16%
4         Belian Holdings Limited                                                                         18,755,738                5.85%
5         General Capital Limited1                                                                        15,557,084                4.86%
6         Owen Arvind Daji                                                                                14,060,926                4.39%
7         Grant Keith Baker & Donna Jean Baker & Lewis Thomas Grant                                       13,023,890                4.07%
8         Harrigens Trustees Limited                                                                      13,023,890                4.07%
9         Stephen John Sinclair & Jacqueline Margaret Sinclair & Roger Frederick Wallis                   12,581,048                3.93%
10        John Tomson                                                                                     12,579,444                3.93%
11        Bruce Gregory Speers & Fiorano Trust Limited                                                     8,579,446                2.68%
12        Syed Hizam Alsagoff                                                                              8,000,000                2.50%
13        Barter Investments Limited                                                                       7,124,940                2.22%
14        Zhenhua Qian                                                                                     6,060,606                1.89%
15        Bruce Gregory Speers                                                                             4,444,444                1.39%
16        Garth William Ward                                                                               3,744,910                1.17%
17        Justin Andrew Cunningham & Andrew Mark Scott                                                     3,274,000                1.02%
18        Robert Garry Hart & Sarah Dawn Wilkinson-Hart & Eth (Wilkinson-Hart) Trustees Limited            2,081,482                0.65%
19        Donald Frederick Hattaway & Brian Robert Everett                                                 1,198,446                0.37%
20        Jonathan Brian Vijay Clark                                                                       1,148,148                0.36%
                                                                                                         304,455,964               95.05%

1
 These GENWA and GENWB Warrants were issued to a holding account managed by General Capital Limited because some shareholders
were ineligible to receive the warrant offer to shareholders dated 3 December 2018. This is because they were not resident in New Zealand
and hence were ineligible to receive a New Zealand offer. The Directors will take advice on how these warrants should be disposed of. Net
proceeds (after deduction of costs) will be remitted to the ineligible shareholders on a pro-rata basis.


                                                                   70
                                   GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                      SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


SPREAD OF FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (as at 10 July 2019)

Ordinary Shares
                                                              Number of                       Number of
Size of Holding                                                                %                              %
                                                             Shareholders                   Ordinary Shares
1 - 1,999                                                              534          73.4%            29,737      0.0%
2,000 - 4,999                                                           27           3.7%            73,564      0.0%
5,000 - 9,999                                                           61           8.4%           459,473      0.3%
10,000 - 49,999                                                         46           6.3%         1,086,738      0.7%
50,000 - 99,999                                                         14           1.9%           959,745      0.6%
100,000 - 999,999                                                       27           3.7%         7,721,029      5.0%
1,000,000 - 9,999,999                                                   16           2.2%        65,906,266     42.8%
10,000,000 and over                                                      3           0.4%        77,608,761     50.4%
                                                                       728         100.0%       153,845,313   100.00%


Geographic Spread
New Zealand                                                            623          85.6%       146,576,482     95.3%
Malaysia                                                                67           9.2%         6,766,222      4.4%
Rest of World                                                           38           5.2%           502,609      0.3%
                                                                       728         100.0%       153,845,313   100.00%


GENWA Warrants
                                                           Number of Product                   Number of
Size of Holding                                                                %                              %
                                                               Holders                      GENWA Warrants

1 - 1,999                                                              522          83.4%            21,690      0.0%
2,000 - 4,999                                                           12           1.9%            29,811      0.0%
5,000 - 9,999                                                           25           4.0%           170,744      0.1%
10,000 - 49,999                                                         23           3.7%           562,055      0.4%
50,000 - 99,999                                                         10           1.6%           727,011      0.5%
100,000 - 999,999                                                       17           2.7%         4,820,058      3.1%
1,000,000 - 9,999,999                                                   14           2.2%        69,905,183     45.4%
10,000,000 and over                                                      3           0.5%        77,608,761     50.4%
                                                                       626         100.0%       153,845,313   100.00%


Geographic Spread
New Zealand                                                            624          99.7%       153,775,313    100.0%
Rest of World                                                            2           0.3%            70,000      0.0%
                                                                       626         100.0%       153,845,313   100.00%



GENWB Warrants
                                                           Number of Product                Number of GENWB
Size of Holding                                                                %                              %
                                                               Holders                         Warrants

1 - 1,999                                                              518          81.3%            34,984      0.0%
2,000 - 4,999                                                            9           1.4%            32,830      0.0%
5,000 - 9,999                                                            6           0.9%            35,172      0.0%
10,000 - 49,999                                                         36           5.7%           687,580      0.2%
50,000 - 99,999                                                         11           1.7%           757,880      0.2%
100,000 - 999,999                                                       35           5.5%        12,196,216      3.8%
1,000,000 - 9,999,999                                                   12           1.9%        47,796,422     14.9%
10,000,000 and over                                                     10           1.6%       258,799,542     80.8%
                                                                       637         100.0%       320,340,626   100.00%




                                                            71
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                            SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


SPREAD OF FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (as at 10 July 2019) (Continued)

GENWB Warrants
Geographic Spread
New Zealand                                                                       635             99.7%        320,200,626             100.0%
Rest of World                                                                       2              0.3%            140,000               0.0%
                                                                                  637            100.0%        320,340,626            100.00%



SUBSTANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS (at 31 March 2019)

The following information is provided pursuant to section 293 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

As at 31 March 2019, the following shareholders are registered by the company as Substantial Product Holders in the Company, having
disclosed a relevant interest in quoted voting products under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.


                                                                                          % of voting
                                                                                          (ordinary)
                                                                                           shares at          GENWA              GENWB
                                                                     Ordinary Shares     balance date         Warrants           Warrants

Borneo Capital Limited                                                     40,390,111            26.25%         40,390,111         80,780,222
Brent Douglas King                                                         20,948,650            13.62%         20,948,650         41,897,300
CFS NBDT Interest Limited                                                  16,270,000            10.58%         16,270,000         32,540,000
Belian Holdings Limited                                                     9,077,869             5.90%          9,077,869         18,155,738
                                                                           86,686,630                           86,686,630        173,373,260



DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION AND OTHER BENEFITS

                                                                                                                              Other
                                                                                                           Directors Fees1 Remuneration2
                                                                                                                  $             $
Rewi Hamid Bugo                                                                                                     19,000               -
Brent Douglas King2                                                                                                 15,083       159,529
Huei Min Lim                                                                                                        18,821               -
Graeme Iain Brown                                                                                                   17,583               -
Simon John McArley                                                                                                  18,821               -
                                                                                                                    89,308       159,529

1
  Directors fees above are for the full year ended 31 March 2019 for General Capital Limited (formerly named Mykco Limited). Directors fees
disclosed in the financial statements are only since 3 August 2018, the date of the reverse acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited. Refer to
the related party balances and transactions and business combinations notes in the financial statements for further details.


2
 Other remuneration paid to Brent King comprises salaries and other benefits paid to Brent King in his capacity as Managing Director of
General Capital Limited and its subsidiaries. Brent King's other remuneration is broken down further as follows:



                                                                                                                                     $
     Base salary                                                                                                                      120,000
     Car allowance                                                                                                                      8,000
     Commission3                                                                                                                       27,350
     Other                                                                                                                              4,179
                                                                                                                                      159,529




                                                                      72
                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                            SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION AND OTHER BENEFITS (Continued)

     Other entitlements of the Managing Director:
     3
      Brent King is entitled to a commission payment of 10% of all fee income earned by the Group. For the avoidance of doubt, this
     excludes any fees earned by General Finance Limited in relation to its lending business. $11,055 of the above commission amount was
     paid by transferring shares of Sports & Education Corporation Limited to Brent King (i.e. a portion of the shares that were received by
     the Group for fees in relation to an advisory project).


     Brent King is also entitled to a profit share of 8% of any amount by which the Group's net profit after tax exceeds the benchmark for
     that year. That benchmark is the total equity of the Group at the commencement of the year, multiplied by the Official Cash Rate (set
     by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand) plus 10% per annum. These amounts are to be paid quarterly based on estimates calculated by
     the Group Chief Financial Officer. During the year ended 31 March 2019, there were no such payments made to the Managing Director
     (the Group made a loss in the financial year).



DIRECTORS DEALINGS IN QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCTS DURING THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019

                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                         Financial
                                                                                         Products         Consideration
                              Date of                                                   Acquired /      (received) / paid
                              Transaction        Financial Product                      (disposed)              $         Relevant Interest


Rewi Hamid Bugo1              3/08/2018          Ordinary shares                           32,540,000             Note 5             Note 1
Brent Douglas King2           3/08/2018          Ordinary shares                           20,948,166             Note 5             Note 2
Brent Douglas King3           3/08/2018          Ordinary shares                            1,220,265             Note 5             Note 3
Rewi Hamid Bugo1              7/12/2018          Ordinary shares                            7,850,111           $529,883             Note 1
Brent Douglas King2           3/08/2018          Ordinary shares                                  484                $33             Note 2
Graeme Iain Brown4            10/12/2018         Ordinary shares                            5,808,390           $374,850             Note 4
Rewi Hamid Bugo1              11/12/2018         GENWA Warrants                            40,390,111             Note 6             Note 1
Brent Douglas King2           11/12/2018         GENWA Warrants                            20,948,650             Note 6             Note 2
Brent Douglas King3           11/12/2018         GENWA Warrants                             3,562,470             Note 6             Note 3
Graeme Iain Brown4            11/12/2018         GENWA Warrants                             9,077,869             Note 6             Note 4
Rewi Hamid Bugo1              11/12/2018         GENWB Warrants                            80,780,222             Note 6             Note 1
Brent Douglas King2           11/12/2018         GENWB Warrants                            41,897,300             Note 6             Note 2
Brent Douglas King3           11/12/2018         GENWB Warrants                             7,124,940             Note 6             Note 3
Graeme Iain Brown4            11/12/2018         GENWB Warrants                            18,155,738             Note 6             Note 4

Relevant Interests
1
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Rewi Hamid Bugo owning more than 20% of the voting products of Borneo Capital Limited (the
registered holder).
2
  Brent Douglas King as the registered holder and beneficial owner.
3
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Brent Douglas King being a director of Barter Investments Limited (the registered holder).
4
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Graeme Iain Brown owning more than 20% of the voting products of Belian Holdings Limited (the
registered holder).


Transaction details
5
 Shares issued in relation to the acquisition of Corporate Holdings Limited, whereby the vendors in the transaction (shareholders of
Corporate Holdings Limited) received 16.27 ordinary shares in the Company in return for each share they owned in Corporate Holdings
Limited. This transaction was completed and announced to the market on 3 August 2018.

6
 One GENWA Warrant and two GENWB warrants were issued for each ordinary share held by eligible shareholders on the record date (10
December 2018) for no consideration.




                                                                     73
                                         GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                           SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


DIRECTORS QUOTED FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDINGS AT 31 MARCH 2019

                                                                                                           GENWA            GENWB
                                                                                      Ordinary Shares      Warrants         Warrants

Rewi Hamid Bugo1                                                                           40,390,111        40,390,111       80,780,222
Brent Douglas King2                                                                        20,948,650        20,948,650       41,897,300
Brent Douglas King3                                                                         3,562,470         3,562,470        7,124,940
Graeme Iain Brown4                                                                          9,077,869         9,077,869       18,155,738
                                                                                           73,979,100        73,979,100      147,958,200


Relevant Interests
1
 Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Rewi Hamid Bugo owning more than 20% of the voting products of Borneo Capital Limited (the
registered holder).
2
  Brent Douglas King as the registered holder and beneficial owner.
3
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Brent Douglas King being a director of Barter Investments Limited (the registered holder).
4
  Deemed relevant interest by virtue of Graeme Iain Brown owning more than 20% of the voting products of Belian Holdings Limited (the
registered holder).

OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS HELD BY DIRECTORS

Rewi Hamid Bugo
General Capital Limited                         Didi Automotive Sdn Bhd               Sara Gemilang Sdn Bhd
Sarawak Consolidated Industries Berhad          Era Malindo Sdn Bhd                   Sarasiana Holdings Sdn Bhd
Thriven Global Berhad                           Gading Kapital Sdn Bhd                Sarawakiana Holdings Sdn Bhd
Aventura Properties Limited                     Ik Chin Travel Services (K) Sdn Bhd   SCIB Concrete Manufacturing Sdn Bhd
Bay of Islands Property Limited                 Lamacipta Sdn Bhd                     SCIB Holdings Sdn Bhd
Borneo Capital Limited                          Mesti Perkasa Sdn Bhd                 SCIB Industrialised Building System Sdn Bhd
Borneo Investments Limited                      Pacific Unit Sdn Bhd                  Sego Holdings Sdn Bhd
Corporate Holdings Limited                      Parklane Properties Sdn Bhd           Space Craft Sdn Bhd
GA Sego Limited                                 Petra Jaya Properties Sdn Bhd         Strategen Services Sdn Bhd
Inlet Contractors Limited                       PJP Dua Sdn Bhd                       Syn Tai Hung Borneo Sdn Bhd
Inlet Estate Limited                            Profile Equity Sdn Bhd                Telaga Air Resourses Sdn Bhd
Northern Properties (2007) Limited              Property Plus Marketing Services      Transnational Insurance Brokers (M) Sdn Bhd
Sego Holdings (NZ) Limited                      Sdn Bhd                               Trombol Resort Sdn Bhd
Selwyn Residential Limited                      Reignvest Corporation Sdn Bhd         Warble Resources Sdn Bhd
Billion Jasa Sdn Bhd                            Rekaruang Sdn Bhd
Delima Pelita Sdn Bhd                           Santubong Properties Sdn Bhd
Didi Resources Sdn Bhd                          Santubong Suites Sdn Bhd

Graeme Iain Brown
Aventura Properties Limited                     Keresa Mill Sdn Bhd                   Sarawakiana Holdings Sdn
Belian Holdings Limited                         Keresa Plantations Sdn Bhd            Sarawakiana Leisure Sdn Bhd
General Capital Limited                         Keresa Sdn Bhd                        Sarawakiana Management Sdn Bhd
Waddell Holding Ltd                             Malesiana Tropicals Sdn Bhd           Sarawakiana Realty Sdn Bhd
Alkaz Sdn Bhd                                   Pascali Sdn Bhd                       Tera Management Sdn Bhd
Asian Acids Pte Ltd                             Pesaka Energy Solutions Sdn Bhd       Waddell Holding Sdn Bhd
Asian Corn Sdn Bhd                              PFS Energy (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd         Waddell Holdings Pte Ltd
Borneo Plant Technology Sdn Bhd                 Premier Space Sdn Bhd                 Yun Ming Wood Industries Sdn Bhd
Earth Energy Renewables LLC                     Pro-Formula Sdn Bhd
Grand Evermore Sdn Bhd                          Rajang Wood Sdn Bhd




                                                                    74
                                        GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco Limited)
                                           SHAREHOLDER AND STATUTORY INFORMATION


OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS HELD BY DIRECTORS (Continued)

Brent Douglas King
A.I.S. Limited                                   General Finance Limited                                Kohaus Limited
Askridge Holdings Limited                        General Finance & Leasing Limited                      Moneyonline Limited
Barter Investments Limited                       General Finance & Investments Limited                  Mykco Limited
Commercial and General Limited                   General Leasing Limited                                Snowdon Peak Investments Limited
Corporate Holdings Limited                       General Loan & Finance Limited                         Sports & Education Corporation
Equity Investment Advisers Limited               Investment Research Group Limited                      Limited
General Capital Limited                          King Capital & Investment Corporation Limited          Transaction Holdings Limited

Huei Min Lim
F H Holdings Limited                             Other Appointments:
FH Nominees Limited                              Asia New Zealand Foundation
Forest Administration Limited                    Auckland Regional Amenities Funding Board
General Capital Limited                          Auckland University of Technology Council
Hartajaya Investments Limited
Kaya Investments Limited
Restaurant Brands New Zealand Limited

Simon John McArley
Beaconsfield Nominees Limited
General Capital Limited
Prospect Road Investments Limited
Prospect Road Services Limited



EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION

During the year ended 31 March 2019, the number of employees or former employees of the Group not being directors of General Capital
Limited (but including Executive Directors of Subsidiaries), who received remuneration and other benefits in their capacity as employees, the
value of which exceeded $100,000 for the year was as follows:


                                                                                                               Number of Employees
Remuneration Range                                                                                             2019           2018
$120,000 - $129,999                                                                                              1              0
$130,000 - $139,999                                                                                              1              0


NZX Waivers

There were no waivers relied upon by the Company in the year ended 31 March 2019.

Certain class waivers have been issued by the NZX for migrating entities from the NZAX to the NZX Main Board. These have been applied by
the Company since 1 July 2019, the date that the Company migrated to the NZX Main Board. The waivers included:
- A waiver from the requirement to update the Company's constitution for the requirements of the NZX Main Board rules dated 1 January
2019 until the next Annual or Special Meeting, provided the Company complies with the Rules from migration date.
- A waiver from the release dates prescribed in the NZX Main Board Rules dated 1 January 2019 in relation to the Company's 31 March 2019
results announcement and 31 March 2019 Annual Report provided the release dates prescribed in the NZAX listing rules are met.


Further details on class waivers issued by the NZX can be found on the NZX website.




                                                                     75
                     GENERAL CAPITAL LIMITED (formerly Mykco limited)
                                CORPORATE DIRECTORY




REGISTERED OFFICE:                        General Capital Limited
                                          Level 7, Swanson House
                                          12-26 Swanson Street
                                          Auckland 1010
                                          New Zealand

                                          PO Box 1314
                                          Shortland Street
                                          Auckland 1010
                                          New Zealand

                                          Email:      info@gencap.co.nz
                                          Web:        www.gencap.co.nz
                                          Phone:      (09) 526 5000



AUDITOR:                                  Baker Tilly Staples Rodway
                                          Level 9, Tower Centre
                                          45 Queen Street
                                          Auckland CBD
                                          Auckland 1010

LAWYERS:                                  Lowndes Limited
                                          Level 5, Lowndes House
                                          18 Shortland Street
                                          Auckland CBD
                                          Auckland 1010

SHARE REGISTER:                           Computershare Investor Services Limited
                                          Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Road
                                          Takapuna
                                          Auckland 0622


BANKERS:                                  Bank of New Zealand
                                          ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited
                                          ASB Bank Limited
                                          Westpac New Zealand Limited
                                          Heartland Bank Limited




                                              76
