                     Get Connected




Annual Report 2016
     Contents
                      Overview
              1.      Our Business
              6.      2016 Business Highlights
              7.      Report of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

                      Our Company
            16.       Directors
            17.       Senior Management

                      Financial Statements
            19.       Statement of Comprehensive Income
            20.       Statement of Movements in Equity
            21.       Statement of Financial Position
            22.       Cash Flow Statement
            24.       Basis of Preparation
            27.       Results for the Year
            32.       Operating Assets and Liabilities
            38.       Capital and Financing Costs
            41.       Risk
            44.       Other Information
            49.       Independent Auditor's Report

                      Other Disclosures
            54.       Statutory Information
            56.       Shareholder Information
            58.       Corporate Governance
            61.       Directory




     ® is a registered Trade Mark of Wellington Drive Technologies Ltd

     There are statements in this document that are “forward-looking statements”. As these forward-looking statements are predictive in nature, they
     are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties relating to Wellington, its operations, the markets in which it competes and other factors (some of
     which are beyond the control of Wellington). As a result of the foregoing, actual results and conditions may differ materially from those expressed or
     implied by such statements. In particular, Wellington's operations and results are significantly influenced by the extent to which energy efficient motor
     technology is promoted in Wellington's key markets, competitor product development and demand and pricing, fluctuations in key commodity prices
     or costs in the countries of Wellington's suppliers, availability of key components, relative exchange rates and profitability of customers, all of which can
     have a substantial impact on Wellington's results of operations and financial condition. Other risks include customer concentration risk and misuse of
     Wellington's intellectual property.




2 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Our Business
Our Mission
Wellington’s purpose is to deliver solutions to solve our customers’
refrigeration energy consumption and system control problems through
the development of Advanced Motors, Intelligent Control Solutions, and
‘Internet of Things’ Data services. Our Personal service, Reliable products,
Smart Solutions and Relentless pursuit of excellence will ensure we lead
the competition and build a world class company.

                                                                               *SCS Connect models only


Our Strategic Pillars
Wellington’s strategy focuses on the commercial refrigeration market and two product lines supporting that market;
EC motors and Cloud Connected Refrigeration controllers. The launch of its ECR2 motor ensures that Wellington
continues to lead with its EC motor offering, and the introduction of its cloud connected SCS Connect platform
ensures that it is delivering advanced Internet of Things (IoT) equipment, software and services to its customers.
Wellington’s strategy is to deliver revenue growth and positive earnings by providing customers with innovative new
products supported by a low cost supply chain.




                                       • 2013 - Continuous Cost Reduction - new supply chain
           Develop & Grow
                                       • 2015 - Diversified revenue streams
              EC Motor
              Business                 • 2016 - Continuous Product Innovation - ECR2
                                       • 2017 and beyond - ECR2 Platform expansion



                                                            • 2014 - Open Vietnam supply chain with East West
                              Leverage Strategic            • 2016 - Co-develop motors in new markets
                             Partners to grow sales         • 2017 - Technology & channel partners
                                and lower costs
                                                            • 2018 - expand regional sales capability




                                                                               • 2013 - SCS Connect development
                                                     Launch 'Cloud             • 2015 - Focus on brands & bottlers
                                                   Connected' Solutions        • 2016 - Internet of Things 'solutions'
                                                        business               • 2017 - SCS Click retrofit device
                                                                               • 2018 - Digital services expansion



The three pillars of the Company’s strategy are:

P Develop and grow the EC Motor business by focusing on customer driven product development, ‘bottle
  cooler’ market growth plans, extending the sale of the ECR2 motor to supermarket and food service equipment
  manufacturers, diversifying motor revenue streams from new geographical markets, improving and simplifying
  business processes, and through continual cost reduction in the supply chain.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2016   1
     P Leverage strategic partners to grow sales and lower costs by focusing on accessing IoT and digital
       technologies through strategic partnerships. Continue to improve margins through lower cost product design and
       supply chain solutions and expand geographical reach with complimentary sales partnerships.
     P Develop and grow a ‘Cloud Connected’ IoT solutions business by developing and delivering low cost
       wireless refrigeration control hardware for retail brands, supermarkets and manufacturers. Taking the new SCS
       Connect software platform to market and building on that platform with an expanded range of digital services,
       delivering sales success by reducing total cost of ownership of the refrigeration system and improving the
       operational and sales performance of the refrigerator.



     Our Products
     Wellington serves customers with its motor, airflow and ‘connected’ controller
     solutions for use in beverage coolers, ice cream and food freezers and
     supermarket display cases. The product portfolio offers a range of refrigeration
     solutions designed to improve refrigeration efficiency, optimise airflow and reduce
     the total cost of ownership by enabling customers to improve the management of
     their refrigeration fleet.

     Alongside its advanced Energy Efficient Motor products, Wellington also sells
     a shaded pole motor range, branded AMV. Both motor product lines take
     advantage of specially designed fan blades with motor and fan combinations
     working together to improve energy consumption and optimise airflow.

     In 2016 the sale of the Company’s new ECR2 Motor and SCS Connect Smart
     Controller commenced and product adoption by customers accelerated rapidly.


     ‘Quiet and efficient’ - The ECR2 motor offers a step improvement in EC Motor
     performance with lower noise, the ability to operate on any global mains voltage
     and increased efficiency for supermarket and bottle cooler customers. ECR2’s
     smart control features allow power consumption to be further reduced by tuning
     airflow to the exact needs of the refrigeration system.


                                                ‘Get Connected’ - SCS Connect platform improves customers’ total
                                                      refrigeration system cost by simplifying maintenance and
                                                            predicting system faults, improving energy consumption and
                                                                 providing connectivity capability. With Bluetooth Smart®
                                                                     capability, SCS Connect controllers can connect
                                                                       to Wellington’s SCS Connect System suite of
                                                                          refrigeration fleet management software that
                                                                            enables customers to more effectively monitor
                                                                               and manage their coolers in the field. The
                                                                                SCS Connect also features iBeacon®
                                                                                  capability for in-store marketing. Unlike
                                                                                   off-the-shelf iBeacons, SCS Connect
                                                                                    controllers have no batteries to run
                                                                                    down, will not go missing, and can
                                                                                     interact with the consumer via the
                                                                                      cooler itself.




2 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Product Roadmap - The market response to both SCS Connect and ECR2 has been positive,
with meaningful sales in 2016, the first year in the life of both products. The feedback from
customers on both products informs us of the improvements and enhancements necessary to
improve reliability and provide additional functionality to solve customer problems.

Some examples of upgrades made to ECR2 within 2016 are improving the power cable
manufacturing process to ensure the product is even more robust and upgrading the plastics
to meet NSF food quality standards. Some examples of upgrades made to the SCS Connect
are additional firmware features to ensure the devices match specific customer cooler design
conditions and enhancing the cloud data-reporting offering. We rely on customer and field
feedback to ensure our products always meet market needs.

We continue to work on three core business development and product development areas:

1) An expanded portfolio of IoT devices, such as the SCS Connect, with software, data services
   and digital marketing solutions that help customers connect with consumers and better
   manage their cooler fleet and research into new wireless communications technologies and
   techniques for measuring and monitoring merchandise sales performance.
2) Higher performance and higher-powered EC motors and airflow accessories to further improve
   refrigeration performance and gain broader access to higher value commercial refrigeration
   markets.
3) Joint product development initiatives with our American and Chinese strategic suppliers to
   bring a new range of low cost and highly efficient motors to market. This is in line with our
   market diversification strategy.
In all areas, but more specifically in IoT software and digital services, we will search for industry
partners to gain access to technologies and create the offerings that markets and customers
require.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2016   3
     Our People
     Wellington’s improvement progress is built around the strength of its team and the depth of its customer relationships.
     Our people work hard to develop compelling products, solve customers’ problems and reduce supply chain costs. The
     team is dedicated to ensuring the business continually improves its performance and ultimately delivers a positive return
     for shareholders. We feature below three key staff members who work every day to deliver value to our customers.


     Sue Sieben – North America Customer Technical
     Leader
     “As the customer facing technical representative for Wellington in
     North America, based in Chicago USA, I make sure our solutions
     meet the customer’s needs from initial evaluation to end supply
     for their cooling applications. Our customers demand high
     quality products and often require me to come on site and train
     them in the use of our motors and controllers. I also interface with
     purchasing and material planning to ensure we deliver products on
     time. We are told by our customers that our service sets us apart
     – so we take pride in rapidly responding to customer’s requests
     for support. One of the important aspects of our field technical
     teams is to feedback improvement opportunities to the Auckland
     based design team so we can ensure we are always updating our
     products based on direct customer feedback.”

     Michael Qiu – Software Architect, New Zealand
     “I am part of the SCS Connect platform team working in the
     Internet of Things area based in Auckland, New Zealand.
     Wellington’s SCS Connect refrigeration controller collects a large
     amount of telemetry from bottle coolers around the world. From
     there, the data is retrieved wirelessly by mobile apps that our
     team wrote, sent to highly available cloud infrastructure that our
     team setup and processed by an ever expanding set of software
     tools that our team has developed. From this process, we derive
     valuable information for our customers, like purchasing patterns
     and potential refrigeration hardware failures. This is all presented
     in a highly interactive reporting application. It has been an exciting
     time for me being part of the team that’s showing the industry
     what's possible and seeing Wellington Drive progress beyond just
     a hardware company.”

     Lana Illingworth – Supply Chain Planner, New Zealand
     “My office is in Auckland New Zealand and I am part of the team
     that ensures we understand customer product demand and
     manage our suppliers to ensure we deliver ‘on time every time’
     performance. Our team must ensure that suppliers understand
     what components they need to buy and also how purchase orders
     are fulfilled. Sometimes we get very short notice orders from
     customers, so that is where our supply chain team really shines,
     chasing down urgent delivery needs and reacting well to service
     our customers. Our rapid growth in 2016 meant we had a few
     situations where we had to work with the supplier base to find
     supply solutions that were not expected. This was a great problem
     to solve and I am proud to be part of a team that can manage
     through those growth challenges.”




4 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
          Our Supply Chain Network
          Since 2004 Wellington has delivered over 7 million
          motors to customers across 26 countries and has now
          commenced shipment of its new Cloud Connected
          Controller product platform.

          Wellington’s global network supports its customers in
          the development of their product needs, supply chain
          delivery requirements and new technology roadmaps.

          Customer-focused teams are located in New Zealand,
          Mexico, Brazil, China, Singapore, Turkey, Italy, Canada
          and the USA, working around the clock to ensure that
          Wellington ‘delivers’ for customers.

          With its supply chain partner factories in Vietnam,
          China, and Malaysia specialising in motor mechanical
          assembly, plastics design and injection moulding and
          electronics manufacture, and regional distribution partners in the UK and USA, Wellington has the global reach to
          ensure that customers receive personal attention with a high quality product range that is manufactured and delivered
          on time.




Customers:
Leading Food and Beverage Brands
Supermarket Retailers
Refrigeration Original Equipment Manufacturers
Regional Refrigeration Parts Distributors




                                                                                                                  Strategic Suppliers:
                                                                                                                  Changzhou, China

                                                              EMEA Business Office:
                                                              Istanbul, Turkey                                          Asia Pacific Business Office
                                       Strategic Partner                                                                Shanghai, China
                                       East West
                                       Manufacturing
Americas Business Office
                                       Atlanta, USA
and Depots:
Queretaro, Mexico
                                                                                      Strategic Suppliers:
                                                                                      HCMC Vietnam and Penang,                           Head Office,
                                                                                      Malaysia                                           Customer
                                                                                                                                         Innovation
                                                                                                                                         Centre and
                                                                                                                                         Supply Chain
                                                                                                                                         Management
                                                                                                                                         Auckland,
                                                                                                                                         New Zealand


      Distributors and
      sales agents                                     Wellington Drive Technologies
      Product flows
                                                       Global Customer Solutions Network


                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2016          5
     2016 Business Highlights



                       Revenue                      Gross margin
                       increased 44%                increased to 24%




                   SCS Connect and                  $325,000
                   ECR2 contributed                 positive EBITDA
                   $6m in sales                     (adjusted)




     Revenue growth of 44%, increasing to $NZ35m,
     with solid growth in all regions


     Gross margin increased to 24% from 21.4% due
     to product volume benefits and continued supply
     chain productivity


     SCS Connect and ECR2 contributed $6m in new
     product sales


     Positive EBITDA of $325,000
     (adjusted for preference share revaluation)




6 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Report of the Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
2016 in Review
2016 was the year Wellington achieved its maiden EBITDA profit, a sure sign that the vigorous turnaround activity of
the past five years has completed and that we are now well into the next phase of the Company’s development and
growth journey.

The strategy we have embarked upon is delivering clear results as we develop a range of ‘Internet of Things’ products
and services for large food and retail brands, underpinned by our expertise in refrigeration motors, delivered through
                                         a team of customer facing and development engineering experts, and
                                         supported by a well executed low cost supply chain.

                                       The Company sold a record 1.4 million motors in 2016, a year on year volume
                                       increase of 33% which included 1.2 million EC motors. This growth was
                                       achieved by ensuring that relationships with existing bottle cooler customers
                                       were expanded and new customers were added in the supermarket and food
                                       service sectors. Revenue grew in all of our sales regions, with Latin America
                                       and the USA a particular highlight due to the enthusiastic adoption of our new
                                       ECR2 and SCS Connect products. New motor customers were also added in
                                       Europe and Asia.

                                       As our field teams began to sell the ECR2 motor and SCS Connect products,
                                       our development teams started to focus on the next iterations of the ECR2 and
                                       SCS platforms, using field feedback from customers to help determine how to
                                       best enhance those platforms.

The level of change and transformation in our supply chain settled down last year, allowing us to intensify our focus
on product delivery and execution. The supply chain structural improvements worked on in previous years helped
us achieve a Gross Margin of 24%, up from 21.4% in 2015. Cost
reduction is a core skill of the business and the team continue
to work on cost reduction programmes with all major
suppliers.

We continue to experience competitive price pressure
in some markets, mainly Europe and Latin America, so
Gross Margin gains were offset somewhat by selected
customer price reductions needed to grow share within
the bottle cooler market in those regions.

Growth performance in 2016 exceeded our expectations
with revenue growing to $35 million, a 44% increase over
2015 and doubling the 2014 revenue. The new SCS Connect and
ECR2 products contributed $6 million to reported revenue.

Wellington achieved its maiden full year EBITDA profit, with an EBITDA
profit adjusted (see note 1. on page 15) of $325,000, which was a $2.3 million
improvement on 2015. EBIT improved by $0.5 million to a $1.3 million loss. The
net loss for the year was $2.5 million impacted by the commencement of amortisation
of capitalised development costs for the ECR2 and SCS Connect products (an increase
in amortisation of $1.1 million), the revaluation of preference shares caused by exchange rate
movements ($121,000 loss) and interest costs on the preference shares of $1.0 million.

The board was especially pleased with the first year of sales for our two new products, the SCS Connect and ECR2.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2016   7
                                              Adjusted EBITDA Profit - NZD




     Revenue Performance
     In US Dollar terms, revenue in 2016 was $US25 million compared to $US17.4 million in 2015. Of the record 1.4 million
     motors shipped in 2016, well over 100,000 were the new ECR2.

                                              Revenue - Refrigeration USD




     The revenue trend since we discontinued the ventilation business in 2013 and experienced the end-market related
     weakness in 2014 has been one of steady growth. The team has added customers and added products, both of
     which have contributed to this growth.

     Fifteen new customers were added globally in 2016 with two of these customers being attracted by our SCS Connect
     products. Importantly most of these new customers are focused in the supermarket display case and food service
     market, as we expand beyond our traditional beverage market core.

     Latin America: Our Latin American business grew by 44% versus 2015, from US$11.5 million to US$16.6 million.
     We added two new motor customers in the region as well as experiencing stronger demand from existing bottle
     cooler customers, with motor volumes growing by 30%. Mexico continues to be our largest market and further growth
     is expected from this market in 2017 as several major customers begin to adopt the SCS Connect product. Brazil
     demand was weak in 2016 as a result of difficult economic conditions in that country, however we are seeing demand
     increase for SCS Connect training and trials, which could translate to an increase in 2017 sales. The rollout of SCS
     Connect to a large food and beverage brand in Mexico commenced in 2016 and we started working with other new
     SCS customers in Central America.

     USA/Canada: The USA and Canada regions saw 130% growth versus 2015, with US$2.2 million of revenue
     compared to $1.0 million in 2015. Two new customers for the ECR2 motor product contributed the majority of this
     growth. In addition several smaller but strategically important customers starting buying ECR2 motors through
     our USA distribution partner, East West. We are continuing with several SCS field trials in the USA, although it is




8 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
becoming evident that the adoption rate for SCS may take longer in this region. We were encouraged to be invited to
participate in a research project by a customer interested in new SCS digital services.

APAC: Asia Pacific revenues of $2.3 million held relatively steady versus 2015, with a 9% increase on the US$2.1m
recorded in 2015. Eight new customers were won in this region; two of those for SCS and the balance for EC motors,
including several smaller Chinese display case manufacturers. Our business development effort in this region was
focused on developing and training new customers for the SCS Connect product in preparation for 2017 growth.

EMEA: EMEA revenues grew by 17% to US$3.2 million, versus US$2.8 million in 2015. This growth resulted from
three new customer wins in Europe and increased volumes from a new Italian customer won at the end of 2015. Of
particular note was the expansion of our business with UK distribution partner Axair, who had success in developing
new display case relationships, which drove demand for our motors. Turkish demand was weak in the latter half of
the year as a result of continuing political and economic issues in that country and we expect these difficult trading
conditions to continue in 2017.




                2016 Regional Sales                                           2015 Regional Sales




Gross Profit Performance
With a stable supply chain and steadily improving supply chain management processes the business was able to
deliver further improvements in product manufacturing costs. While the opportunity to remove further significant
cost from the EC motors products is becoming harder to realise, the company is benefiting from component cost
reductions as a result of volume growth. Gross Margin for the year was 24.0%, increasing from 21.4% in 2015. This
was a result of continuing cost reduction programmes with all major suppliers and component pricing benefits
being realised from the increased volumes. The Gross Margin improvement was also assisted by revenue from new
products.

                                                   Gross Profit %




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2016   9
      Productivity
      Operating costs increased by 15%, from $7.4 million to $8.5 million. As noted in previous disclosures, 2016 was
      the year that Wellington started to hire new skills to support SCS Connect software development and customer field
      support. 10 new people were added to the business between fourth quarter 2015 and the end of 2016. The increase
      in operating expenses included usual market-related salary adjustments, predominantly for non-management staff to
      ensure retention of key skills, as well as a notable rise in travel spend to support market development and expansion,
      particularly in relation to SCS Connect.

      Operating cost as a percentage of revenue improved to 24% from 30% in 2015 reflecting an overall increase in
      productivity, as measured by revenue per employee, which increased from $450,000 to $588,000.


                              Operating Costs (excluding depreciation, amortisation &
                                             impairment) - NZD 000's




      Cash and working capital performance
      The Company was pleased to be able to gain debt support from its major shareholder SuperLife in September 2016,
      with a $2 million one year debt facility secured.

      Inventory performance was an operational highlight of the business with inventory turns improving to 7.8 times from
      7.0 times in 2015. A new inventory management programme was introduced with one of the Company’s main
      suppliers, which contributed to this improved performance.

      Operating cash flow was -$0.048 million compared to the positive $0.834 million in 2015, a result of timing issues
      and pressure on working capital from the strong 44% sales growth. Wellington invested $1.9 million in capitalised
      new product development, most of which related to the completion of our new SCS Connect product and the related
      development of new SCS software and data solutions.

      Wellington invested $0.3 million in plant & equipment, mainly focused on increasing manufacturing and test
      equipment capacity (to support our volume growth and new products), as well as improving critical development
      equipment in our New Zealand Innovation Centre.

      The cash balance at the end of 2016 was $2.1 million with $1.5 million drawn down under the SuperLife debt facility
      for a net cash position of $0.6 million.

      Continuous process improvement
      The board and management team continued its focus on
      health and safety practices and process in 2016. The health
      and safety committee reports to the board on a monthly
      basis, managing health and safety processes and system
      improvements. This committee met regularly throughout the
      year, and continued to identify areas of improvement. The top
      improvement areas for 2016 were:




10 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
1. Improvements to hazardous goods handling and storage procedures in the New Zealand office.
2. The removal of high bay storage racking in the New Zealand workshop to remove potential earthquake hazard.
   Materials now stored in outside containers.
3. The creation of fenced off areas in the New Zealand Innovation Centre to separate long term product testing
   facilities from other workflow.
4. The review and improvement of fire safety equipment and evacuation procedures in the Company’s Mexico offices.
5. The expansion of employee travel support insurance to widen the coverage for emergency events.
The team treats its health and safety practices as an important part of its operating system and improvement
planning. It thinks of Health and Safety holistically as something that governs how it manages its premises, treats it’s
employees and all visitors to its premises, deals with all stakeholders who use its products, and manages suppliers
and partners to ensure they all establish global best practice quality and safety standards.

Risk Management approach
The board and management team take a proactive approach to identifying and managing business risk. We look at
several external factors impacting or potentially impacting the business, such as competitive and geo-political risk,
as well as internal structural risk such as Information technology systems, data back-up protection and key employee
skill retention. This risk assessment forms part of our annual strategic planning process.

A specific example in September 2016 was the board approving a new data security policy for the business, intended
to strengthen our approach to managing both Wellington data and customer data, in line with the new entry into the
IoT business segment.

The board and management team considers a numbers of risks as part of its governance process – examples of
these risks are

• Regulatory or legislative changes in export markets – potential changes in tariffs, taxes (such as sugar taxes),
  market access changes, and the encouragement of energy efficient products. We build any intelligence gained
  into our strategic plans and long range sales forecasts.
• Channel or customer risks – customers do not normally give purchase commitments beyond a 30 day window.
  This means that projected sales can change materially as customers alter their forecast needs outside 30 days.
  The Company has a robust demand/supply process and adjusts internal forecasts and product supply accordingly
  to meet those changes.
• Pricing - Many customers request annual pricing and terms reviews, which is a competitive process that can result
  in price fluctuation and volumes changes. In 2016 two major customers accounted for $20 million or 57% of the
  total revenue for the year and both these customers require annual price and terms negotiations. The Company
  provided some price concessions in 2016 and utilised its strong supply chain to ensure it remained competitive.
• Competition risks – there are a number of large and capable global competitors operating in the EC Motor and
  IoT product markets. Our recent winning of large global EC Motor and SCS Connect contracts shows how our
  products are managing to counter this risk. However, competitors could develop superior products or they could
  price at a level we are unable or unwilling to match.
• Product risks – the nature of complex design and manufacturing processes means that it is difficult to achieve
  100% defect free product performance. We have product quality management and reliability testing processes
  to assure the quality of products is at the highest standard however customer warranty claims will arise from time
  of time. The Company did not have any material product warranty claims in 2016, however the costs of meeting
  any future warranty claim could be material depending on the nature of the claim, the volume of product affected
  and its location. It is worthy of note that in 2016 customers started demanding extended warranty periods as a
  condition of supply.
• Intellectual property risks – some of the Company’s products and technologies are covered by patents, patent
  applications, confidentiality agreements and trade secrets. Competitors, customers, suppliers and other parties
  such as ‘IP trolls’ could circumvent our intellectual property protection (legally or illegally) requiring us to take steps
  to protect our interests. In 2016 there were no known breaches of Wellington's IP or technology know-how.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2016    11
      • People risks – the loss of key management skills, customer facing technical and sales skills and product
        development staff could have a negative impact on the Group’s operations. The board employs a range of
        compensation and HR management practices to ensure the team is appropriately rewarded and that key skill
        retention is a priority. In 2016 staff turnover was extremely low as the business continued to hire new skills in the IoT
        and customer management areas.



      2016 priorities – performance report




      The Company’s sales strategy is to develop deep relationships with food and beverage retail brands, bottlers and
      original refrigeration equipment manufactures to ensure we get accepted on approved vendor lists and to develop
      technologies to solve their business problems. The sales and marketing focus for 2016 was consistent with the
      previous year as we believed the growth seen in 2015 would continue with the same focus areas. In particular the
      sales plan was to:

      • sell existing products to bottle cooler customers in current and new geographies;
      • sell existing products to display case customers in the supermarket segment;
      • sell existing products to new non-bottle cooler and non-supermarket segments;
      • sell new ECR2 and SCS products to bottle cooler and supermarket segments; and
      • develop retail brand and bottle cooler customers for the SCS Connect solution.

      The 44% growth in 2016 demonstrates the success of this sales approach and can be broken down as follows:



                                                   2016 New Product Share




      Of the 44% growth, 12 percentage points was from the ECR2 motor, 19 percentage points was the legacy ECR01,
      ECR82 and ECR92 motors and 13 percentage points was delivered by SCS Connect. The legacy EC motors products
      are still selling strongly into the bottle cooler market because they are a good trade-off between cost and efficiency.

      Wellington’s USA distributor East West commenced sales of the ECR2 motor to three new USA customers towards
      the end of 2016 and these customers are expected to continue purchasing ECR2 through 2017. Our UK distributor
      Axair continued to develop supermarket display case channels for our products in the UK.

      Wellington continued its success in China with the ECR01 motor, selling to smaller supermarket display case
      manufacturers. We saw demand increase for the Shaded Pole (Non-EC motor) as customers in China continue
      to prioritise low component cost over energy efficiency gains and consequent total ‘life time’ cost. Our largest




12 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
geographical market for the Shaded Pole motor is Thailand. Significant efforts were made in several South East Asian
countries to expand customer trialling of SCS Connect.

With SCS Connect, in February 2016 the Company announced that it had received its first sizable purchase order
from one beverage customer for both the connected controller hardware and data reporting services. This was the
start of volume shipments to a large global beverage customer in Mexico, under a multi-year supply agreement,
and we also continued to expand that relationship to several other countries in the Latin America region. Those new
countries did not contribute sales within 2016 but we expect they will support further growth of the business in 2017.

Many of our other regions started to move from field trail stage to early customer adoption with several other new
customers. The main exception to that was in the USA and Canadian markets where customers decided to take more
time to understand how they would operate and maximise value from the new way of managing coolers fleets. Some
customers also explored different approaches to connectivity, in some cases using stand-alone connectivity solutions
like a bluetooth button, that would not include refrigeration control functionality. This development is something we are
monitoring closely as other IoT communications technologies, such as bluetooth buttons, become available.

2016 – Five Main Priorities
For 2016, the focus of our priorities was heavily weighted to new revenue generation, continuing to develop a more
diversified customer base and becoming less reliant on one or two large customers. We made significant progress in
all five main priority areas, highlighted below;

1. Further improve customer diversification by
   expanding the geographical customer base;
   Revenue from the USA / Canada grew 130%,
   mainly from sales of the new ECR2 motor and
   from East West winning new customers in the
   USA. Focusing on the USA and Canada as a
   growth market was the primary geographical
   expansion action in 2017 and this will continue
   to be an area of focus.
2. Develop new customer relationships and grow
   revenues in the supermarket segment;
   Shipments of ECR2 commenced to a large new supermarket display case manufacturer and increasingly that
   motor has been specified into that customer’s equipment. A specific enhancement was made to the ECR2 motor
   to qualify the plastic housing under the National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) food safety and quality accreditation.
   This allows the ECR2 to be sold into a wider range of food refrigerators. Two additional supermarket equipment
   manufacturers were won, in the UK and South Africa. Revenues in the supermarket display case and food service
   segment grew around 40% year over year.
3. Sell the new ECR2 motor targeting supermarket customers and bottle cooler customers;
   Late in 2016 work was completed on a new ECR2 Fanpack solution to provide customers with a drop-in solution
   for a complete air-flow assembly. We started seeing initial indications of demand for this new product and expect
   sales to commence in the second half of 2017 after customer testing is complete. This is an ECR2 product
   enhancement specifically designed to increase penetration of the supermarket refrigeration customer base. Our
   largest bottle cooler customer for ECR2 started purchasing in first quarter 2016, and has steadily moved their
   cooler products from shaded pole to ECR2 through 2016.
4. Sell the SCS Connect refrigeration fleet management solution to large global beverage brands and expand the
   marketing process outside the beverage market;
   In August 2016 we announced that the Company had signed a large global consumer brand’s Master Terms
   and Conditions for the supply of Wellington’s ‘Cloud Connected’ SCS Connect solution. This agreement allowed
   Wellington to be considered as an approved supplier to this customer and formed the basis for future supply
   agreements within their network. In December 2016 we announced the Company had been selected as an
   approved supplier of connectivity hardware for use in the brand’s coolers. This approval allowed Wellington to
   supply its SCS Connect solution to the brand’s network of cooler manufacturers and beverage bottling partners.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2016    13
         While this announcement did not indicate preferred status or determine a minimum level of business it did show
         that our SCS Connect solution had essentially passed the trial phase with a large end customer and was moving
         towards production.
      5. Further optimise the electronics supply chain to further lower costs and reduce electronic component lead-times;
         The majority of the focus in 2016 was setting up a dual supply strategy for the SCS Connect, so we could be
         ready with two suppliers to support the expected volume increases in 2017. This dual supply set-up involved
         ordering and stocking long lead time parts, acquiring additional tooling and test equipment and training the
         second suppliers in assembly and test. The second supplier will be ready to produce SCS in March 2017. We
         did start to see some market allocation stress on certain electronic commodities in late 2016, with lead times
         extending in some silicon parts, capacitors and plastic resin. These allocation issues are being managing through
         stocking models, advance orders of long lead time parts and in some cases payment of priority fees at component
         suppliers.



      2017 – Five Main Priorities
      For 2017, the focus of our priorities will be on sales and support of our new products, further improving our operating
      systems to deal with high growth rates, as well as commencing the next stage of our product innovation programme
      so that we can maintain revenue growth beyond 2017. Our focus is firmly on achieving net profitability.

      1. Successfully deliver the SCS Connect production programme for new customers
      2. Start developing market opportunities for SCS Connect beyond carbonated soft drink
      3. Seek technology & channel partnerships to broaden SCS Connect digital services offering
      4. Commence development projects for the next phase of EC Motor product roadmap
      5. Commence upgrade of our company-wide management information system to support year on year growth.



      2017 Outlook
      The Company is experiencing a strong start to the 2017 financial year. The ECR2 motor and SCS Connect continues
      to ship to an expanding customer base and demand for our legacy products, in particular the ECR92 motor, is also
      strong. We expect revenue in the first quarter to be around $NZ14m with an EBITDA profit recorded.

      Our strategy to expand the motor product range, further develop the SCS Connect solution and develop new
      customers for those products in new markets, will continue at pace. To support that plan we will continue to add
      new skills in the software development, sales leadership and customer support areas. We will also be seeking
      partnerships to help us further develop the SCS digital and cloud services component of our SCS Connect offering.

      Gross margins for the year are expected to be higher than 2016 as we continue to see the benefits of increased
      volumes on component pricing. Some key commodities utilised in our motors, such as copper and silicon steel are
      seeing market driven price increases, but we will work to mitigate any adverse changes in those commodities by
      improving efficiencies and volume discounts.

      Our early estimates for the 2017 year indicate that the Company should achieve revenue growth in the 30% to 40%
      range and we continue to expect an EBITDA profit in the low millions of dollars.

      Planning for 2017 assumes an average NZD / USD rate of 0.70 for the year.

      As highlighted in our financial release on the 2nd March, at current projected cost structure an EBITDA of around
      $2 million would deliver an approximate breakeven net profit. We remain cautious about these estimates given the
      ongoing economic uncertainty in parts of our EMEA region and developing uncertainties around trade agreements
      between the USA and several countries where we have customers and suppliers.




14 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
The SuperLife loan facility expires in September 2017: current forecasts show that cash generated from operations
should be sufficient to repay SuperLife on the expiry date. To provide additional surety, and to ensure the Company
continues to have sufficient working capital to support its significant growth, which could put further pressure on
working capital, Wellington is seeking a bank line of credit and is in discussions with New Zealand trading banks. The
Company is also considering other options to support its growth capital needs.

The board and management team are proud to have delivered the Company’s first ever EBITDA profit. The
turnaround is clearly over but the job is not done. The next phase of the Company’s journey is to become a leader in
providing IoT solutions for commercial refrigeration customers, to further expand its ECR motor range and to focus
on solving customers airflow needs and in turn to deliver the revenue growth and net profit momentum that has now
begun.

We look forward to significantly higher EBITDA profits in 2017 and your continued support.




                                        			

.....................................                                            .....................................

Tony Nowell, CNZM                                                                Greg Allen
Chairman                                                                         Chief Executive Officer


Note 1: EBITDA (i.e. Earnings before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment) is a non-GAAP earnings figure that equity analysts
tend to focus on for comparable company performance analysis. The Company considers that it is a useful financial indicator because it avoids
the distortions caused by the differences in amortisation and impairment policies. Adjusted EBITDA has been calclulated by removing from EBITDA
the currency revaluation impact of the preference shares (2016 - loss $121,000, 2015 - gain $565,000) which is not relevant when assessing trading
performance.




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2016       15
      Directors
                            Tony Nowell, CNZM                     leader in steel wire and steel cord products and
                            Chairman                              applications. Dr Jacobs held a range of positions at
                                                                  Bekaert including in Business Development, Strategy,
                             Mr Nowell was appointed              Mergers & Acquisitions and R&D Management both in
                             a director of Wellington in
                                                                  Belgium and China. Dr Jacobs is Honorary Consul of
                             March 2010 and Chairman
                                                                  Belgium since August 2013.
                             in December 2010. He is an
                             experienced company leader
                             in major New Zealand and                                   Mr Gottfried Pausch
                             international businesses and                                  Pausch currently serves as
                             also Chairs Scion (the New                                    an independent director of
      Zealand Forest Research Institute) and the Omega
                                                                                           McKay Ltd in Whangarei,
      Lamb Primary Growth Partnership between the
                                                                                           Blackhawk Tracking Systems
      New Zealand Government and Primary Industry
                                                                                           Ltd in Auckland and as
      participants. He is a board member of New Zealand
                                                                                           Executive Chairman of Aucom
      Food Innovation (Auckland) and Food Standards
                                                                                           Electronics Ltd in Christchurch
      Australia New Zealand. He represented New Zealand
                                                                                           and is a Director on one of the
      on the APEC Business Advisory Council from 2006 to
                                                                                           National Science Challenges
      2016 and also in 2016 completed a six year term as
                                                                  an Initiative of the Ministry of Business, Innovation &
      a member of the Export Advisory Board of Business
      New Zealand. Mr Nowell was formerly Chief Executive         Employment (MBIE). The Science for Technological
      of Zespri International, and Griffin’s Foods Limited, and   Innovation National Science Challenge aims to tackle
      the Deputy Chair of Leadership New Zealand. Prior to        New Zealand’s big high-tech challenges to grow
      returning to New Zealand business in 2000 from an           the economy. The research areas of focus cover
      extended period of international business experience,       materials, manufacturing and design; sensors, robotics
      Mr Nowell was Regional Vice President of Sara Lee           and automation; and IT data analytics and modelling.
      Asia, President Director of Sara Lee Indonesia and          Mr Pausch was the former CEO at Actronic
      President Director of L'Oreal Indonesia.                    Technologies and an Executive in Residence at
                                                                  The Icehouse, following a 22 year career with
                            Dr Lisbeth Jacobs                     German engineering and electronics conglomerate
                                                                  Siemens, one of the world’s leading suppliers of a
                             Dr Jacobs, a native of Belgium,
                                                                  wide range of products, solutions and services in
                             holds a PhD in Materials
                                                                  the field of technology, which included the roles of
                             Engineering from the University
                             of Auckland and a Master of          CEO Siemens Energy Services Ltd and Managing
                             Science in Materials Engineering     Director of Siemens New Zealand. Mr. Pausch holds
                             from the Katholieke Universiteit     an electrical engineering degree from Austria and a
                             Leuven, Belgium, where she           master’s degree in Business Administration from Duke
                             also completed a post graduate       University in the U.S.A.
                             degree in Business Studies. Dr
      Jacobs has also completed the Executive General                                   Mr John McMahon
      Management programme at CEDEP- INSEAD, France.
      Dr Jacobs is currently General Manager International                              Mr McMahon has over twenty
      at UniServices, a wholly owned subsidiary of The                                  years’ experience in the
      University of Auckland. In this role Dr Jacobs is                                 Australasian equity markets,
      responsible for all commercial activities that the                                predominantly as an equity
      University of Auckland undertakes outside of New                                  analyst covering a range
      Zealand and Australia. She is a member of the board                               of industries including tele-
      of Energia Potior, a Joint Venture between UniServices                            communications, media, gaming
      and Yunca which delivers technology solutions to the                              transport and industrials. He
      global aluminium industry. Dr Jacobs is Chairwoman                                was a former Head of Research
      and Legal Representative of “The University of              and Head of Equities for ABN AMRO NZ and was
      Auckland Innovation Institute China” in Hangzhou            Managing Director of ASB Securities for three years.
      China, a Wholly Foreign-Owned Entity operating as the       John now manages his own investment portfolio
      newly established commercialisation and innovation          through Sydney-based Auro Investment Management
      branch of UniServices. Before taking up her current         and is Chairman of NZAX-listed Solution Dynamics Ltd
      role Dr Jacobs was Director Strategy & Development          (SDL). He has a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours),
      at The Icehouse, following a 13 year career with global     an MBA and is a CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst)
      corporate Bekaert, a world market and technology            charterholder.




16 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Senior Management
            Greg Allen – Chief Executive Officer
            Mr Allen was appointed CEO of Wellington Drive in November 2011. Prior to joining
            Wellington Mr Allen spent 23 years working internationally leading business development,
            supply chain and manufacturing organisations in Europe, North America and Asia. He is
            an experienced operational and business leader, having most recently been responsible
            for the Industrial and Green Technology business unit for Celestica, a highly regarded
            multinational supply chain services provider. Prior to Celestica Mr Allen led a Canadian
            public company focused on VOIP products and also held senior roles with global contract
            manufacturing and engineering services companies. Originally from New Zealand, and
            with a technical background gained from six years in the New Zealand armed forces, Mr
            Allen brings to Wellington a broad market experience covering many industrial segments
            such as telecommunications, aerospace, capital equipment, consumer products and
            enterprise computing.



            Steve Hodgson – Senior Vice President Commercial
            Mr Hodgson joined Wellington in August 2008 with initial responsibility for investor
            relations, capital market activities, and all aspects of corporate strategy. On 2 April 2009,
            Mr Hodgson was appointed Vice President Corporate Services (this title was changed
            to Chief Financial Officer in 2010), with responsibility for supporting the Chief Executive
            Officer and the Board in developing and executing strategic plans, leading the corporate
            services team (finance, IT, legal, and human resource functions), and managing investor
            relations and funding programmes. In July 2013 Mr Hodgson was appointed Senior Vice
            President Commercial, to lead the Company’s sales and business activities. Prior to joining
            Wellington, Mr Hodgson worked in equities research for 20 years and most recently was
            the Head of Research for Macquarie Securities in New Zealand from 2003 to 2008. He
            holds a BMS (Hons) from Waikato University with majors in accounting and economics.



            David Howell – Chief Technical Officer
            Mr Howell joined Wellington as Engineering Manager in 1999 and is currently responsible
            for all aspects of Wellington’s future technology roadmap and the company’s product
            development processes in his role as Chief Technology Officer. He has previously worked
            in new product development roles for Rover Group (UK), Fisher and Paykel Healthcare
            Corporation Ltd, and Tru-Test Ltd. David is a chartered (CPEng & IntPE) mechanical
            engineer, holds a BE (Hons) and DipBus from The University of Auckland and an MSc
            from Cranfield (UK), and is currently working towards a PhD in product development
            management. Mr Howell is listed as inventor on 12 families of international patent
            applications, including several of Wellington’s core patents.



            Howard Milliner – Chief Financial Officer
            Howard Milliner joined Wellington in November 2012. He holds a BCom from Auckland
            University and is a Chartered Accountant. He was previously CFO of a N.Z. listed
            engineering business for 14 years and was the CEO and CFO of that company for 7 of
            those years.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2016   17
                        Ali Karahasanoglu – Sales Director, Europe, Middle East and Africa
                        Mr Karahasanoglu has received his BS degree in Electrical Engineering on power
                        electronics division and studied Pre-MBA at Temple University, USA. He had worked
                        several industries; IT, heating, refrigeration, home appliances as Project Development
                        Engineer, Service Engineer, Regional Sales Manager and Sales & Marketing Manager.
                        Since joining Wellington in 2002 he has served in different functions within the organisation
                        – distribution, business development, Turkey/Eurasia subsidiary company setup and
                        management (since 2006), refrigeration business unit management and recently he has
                        been Sales director of Europe, Middle East and Africa region since 2008.




                        Erick Layseca – Business Development Director, Americas
                        Mr Layseca graduated as an Industrial and Systems Engineer. He was a shareholder
                        in a Dairy Consulting Company, in which he actively participated and gained extensive
                        experience in business development. He then moved on to the world's fifth largest bottle
                        cooler manufacturers, where he was in charge of the areas of Supplier Development and
                        International Commerce. He has been working at Wellington, as a Business Development
                        Director of Latin America since 2006.




                        Clayton Thomas – Sales and Marketing Director, Asia Pacific
                        Mr Thomas was appointed to direct our key initiatives, in collaboration with customers, to
                        drive Wellington’s long term growth and sustainability in APAC. Prior to joining Wellington,
                        he worked with beverage dispensing technologies and sustainable energy solutions for the
                        Food and Beverage and Marine industries. Mr Thomas has lived in China since 2007.




                        Gerardo Gonzalez – Vice President and General Manager, Intelligent
                        Systems Business Unit
                        Mr. Gonzalez joined Wellington in February 2013 as Vice President and General Manager
                        of Intelligent Solutions Business. He will be responsible for the business development
                        and general management of the new Electronic Controls Business Unit. In addition, he
                        has been appointed as the executive accountable for the company’s relationship with
                        The Coca-Cola Company. Mr. Gonzalez has global business development and strategic
                        planning experience in the Carbonated Soft Drink and Beer Industry. Mr. Gonzalez resides
                        in Atlanta, Georgia, and holds a BS in Economics from Monterrey Institute of Technology,
                        and an MBA from Emory University.




18 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
for the year ended 31 December 2016

                                                                                           2016         2015
                                                                              Note
                                                                                          $000s        $000s

Revenue                                                                        2.2       35,274       24,572
     Cost of sales                                                                      (26,821)    (19,311)
Gross profit                                                                              8,453        5,261
     Other income                                                              2.3          206          691
     Operating expenses                                                                  (8,455)      (7,355)
Earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation & amortisation                             204       (1,403)
     Depreciation                                                              3.2         (274)       (251)
     Amortisation                                                              3.3       (1,234)       (148)
Loss before interest & taxation                                                          (1,304)      (1,802)
     Finance income                                                            4.2             8          49
     Finance expenses                                                          4.2       (1,131)       (970)
Loss before income tax                                                                   (2,427)      (2,723)
     Income tax expense                                                        2.5          (51)         (57)
Loss for the year                                                                        (2,478)      (2,780)
Other comprehensive income:
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translating operations                           4.5b         (485)         419
     Cash flow hedge, net of tax                                              4.5c          (21)          28
Other comprehensive (loss) / income for the year                                           (506)         447
Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                   ($2,984)    ($2,333)
Loss for the year attributable to the Owners of the Company                             ($2,478)    ($2,780)
Total comprehensive loss attributable to the Owners of the Company                      ($2,984)    ($2,333)

Basic earnings per share – cents                                               2.6        (0.96)       (1.29)
Diluted earnings per share – cents                                             2.6        (0.96)       (1.29)

The above Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2016   19
      Consolidated Statement of Movements in Equity
      for the year ended 31 December 2016

                                                                Note         Share Accumulated          Other        Total
      2016                                                                  capital     losses       reserves       equity
                                                                            $000s        $000s         $000s        $000s

      Balance at 1 January 2016                                           117,184     (109,648)      (1,938)        5,598
             Comprehensive Income
             Loss for year                                                        -      (2,478)            -     (2,478)
             Other comprehensive income
             Exchange differences on translating operations     4.5b              -            -       (485)        (485)
             Cash flow hedge                                    4.5c              -            -        (21)         (21)
             Income tax relating to other comprehensive
                                                                                  -            -            -              -
             income
             Total comprehensive income                                           -      (2,478)       (506)      (2,984)
             Share option compensation expensed                 4.5a              -            -         127          127
             Contributions of equity, net of costs               4.3             8             -            -              8
             Lapsed part paid shares                          4.3,4.5a            -            -            -              -
      Balance at 31 December 2016                                        $117,192 ($112,126)        ($2,317)      $2,749


                                                               Note          Share Accumulated          Other        Total
      2015                                                                  capital     losses       reserves       equity
                                                                            $000s        $000s         $000s        $000s

      Balance at 1 January 2015                                           114,308      (106,994)     (2,336)        4,978
             Comprehensive Income
             Loss for year                                                       -       (2,780)            -     (2,780)
             Other comprehensive income
             Exchange differences on translating operations    4.5b              -             -         419          419
             Cash flow hedge                                   4.5c              -             -          28           28
             Income tax relating to other comprehensive
                                                                                 -             -            -              -
             income
             Total comprehensive income                                          -       (2,780)         447      (2,333)
             Share option compensation expensed                4.5a              -             -          77           77
             Contributions of equity, net of costs              4.3          2,887             -            -       2,887
             Lapsed part paid shares                          4.3,4.5a        (11)          126        (126)         (11)
      Balance at 31 December 2015                                        $117,184     ($109,648)    ($1,938)       $5,598



      The above Consolidated Statement of Movements in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




20 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
as at 31 December 2016
                                                                                                        2016        2015
                                                                                             Note
                                                                                                       $000s       $000s

Current Assets
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                            3.1a      2,099       2,880
        Trade and other receivables                                                          3.1b      9,015       5,918
        Derivative financial instruments                                                     6.7            -         24
        Inventories                                                                          3.1c      3,461       3,700
        Total current assets                                                                          14,575      12,522

Non-Current Assets
        Plant and equipment                                                                  3.2         999       1,009
        Intangible assets                                                                    3.3       5,914       5,300
        Total non-current assets                                                                       6,913       6,309
        Total assets                                                                                  21,488      18,831

Current Liabilities
        Trade and other payables                                                             3.1d     10,939       7,830
        Provisions                                                                           3.1e        253         215
        Derivative financial instruments                                                     6.7          14            -
        Borrowings                                                                           4.1       7,499            -
        Total current liabilities                                                                     18,705       8,045

Non-Current Liabilities
        Borrowings                                                                           4.1          34       5,188
        Total non-current liabilities                                                                     34       5,188
        Total liabilities                                                                             18,739      13,233

Net assets                                                                                            $2,749      $5,598

Equity
        Contributed equity                                                                   4.3     117,192     117,184
        Accumulated losses                                                                   4.4    (112,126)   (109,648)
        Other reserves                                                                       4.5      (2,317)     (1,938)
Total equity                                                                                          $2,749      $5,598



For and on behalf of the Board




.....................................                .....................................

Director                                             Director
1 March 2017                                         1 March 2017

The above Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2016   21
      Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
      for the year ended 31 December 2016
                                                                                                   2016          2015
                                                                                    Note
                                                                                                  $000s         $000s

      Cash flows from operating activities
          Receipts from customers exclusive of GST/VAT                                          32,805         25,479
          Payments to suppliers and employees exclusive of GST/VAT                             (32,789)       (24,662)
          Interest paid                                                                           (345)         (289)
          Interest received                                                                           8            39
          Taxation paid                                                                            (69)           (68)
          Net GST/VAT received                                                                     342            335
          Net cash (outflow) / inflow from operating activities                                    (48)           834


      Cash flows from investing activities
          Payments for plant and equipment                                          3.2           (287)         (233)
          Payments for intangible assets                                            3.3         (1,930)        (1,973)
          Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment                                                   2             2
          Net cash outflow from investing activities                                            (2,215)        (2,204)


      Cash flows from financing activities
          Cash proceeds from ordinary and preference share issues, net of refunds
                                                                                    4.3               8         2,876
          and issue costs
          SuperLife loan facility borrowing                                         4.1          1,500               -
          Finance lease borrowing                                                   4.1              76              -
          Finance lease repayments                                                  4.1            (17)              -
          Net cash inflow from financing activities                                              1,567          2,876


      Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents                                      (696)         1,506
          Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial period                     2,880          1,196
          Effect of exchange rate movements on cash                                                (85)           178
      Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                      3.1         $2,099         $2,880

      The above Consolidated Cash Flow Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




22 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                                                                                        2016       2015
                                                                                       $000s      $000s

Reconciliation of loss for the year to net cash (outflow) / inflow
from operating activities


Loss for the year                                                                     (2,478)    (2,780)


Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation                                                          1,508        399
Gain on disposal of plant & equipment                                                     (2)        (2)
Share based payments                                                                     127         77
Amortisation of borrowing                                                                786        681
Change in fair value of embedded option                                                     -       (10)
Inventory provision movement                                                           (251)         (2)
Doubtful debts provision movement                                                         (4)        11
Provision for warranty movement                                                           38        (44)
Net foreign exchange differences                                                       (278)      (350)
Increase in trade and other receivables                                               (3,093)     (619)
Decrease in inventories                                                                  490        976
Increase in trade and other payables                                                   3,109      2,497
Net cash (outflow) / inflow from operating activities                                  ($48)       $834

The above reconciliation should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2016   23
      1. Basis of preparation


        This section sets out the Group’s accounting policies that relate to the financial statements as a whole. Where
        an accounting policy is specific to a note, that policy is stated in the note to which it relates.




      1.1 General Information
          Wellington Drive Technologies Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) develop,
          manufacture, market and sell energy saving, electronically commutated (EC) motors, controllers and fans for
          worldwide use.
          The Company is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand. The Parent is
          registered under the Companies Act 1993 and is an issuer in terms of the Securities Act 1978. The address of
          its registered office is 21 Arrenway Drive, Rosedale, Auckland 0632, New Zealand.
          The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted
          Accounting Practice in New Zealand (NZ GAAP) and the requirements of the Financial Markets Conducts Act
          2013. The Group is a for-profit entity for the purposes of complying with NZ GAAP. The consolidated financial
          statements comply with New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS),
          other New Zealand accounting standards and authoritative notices that are applicable to entities that apply
          NZ IFRS. The consolidated financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards
          (IFRS). Separate financial statements for the Parent are no longer required to be presented in accordance with
          the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.
          These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 1 March
          2017. The entity’s owners do not have the power to amend these financial statements after issue.


      1.2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
          These consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Generally
          Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand (NZ GAAP). The Group is a for-profit entity for the purposes
          of complying with NZ GAAP. The consolidated financial statements comply with New Zealand Equivalents
          to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS), other New Zealand accounting standards and
          authoritative notices that are applicable to entities that apply NZ IFRS. The consolidated financial statements
          also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

      (a) Basis of preparation
          The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are set out below.
          These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

          Entities reporting
          The financial statements are for the consolidated Group which is the economic entity comprising of Wellington
          Drive Technologies Limited and its subsidiaries.

          Historical cost convention
          These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention.

          Going concern assumption
          The Group reported a loss after tax of $2,478,000 (2015: $2,780,000) and cash flows outflows from operating
          activities of $48,000 (2015: inflow of $834,000) for the year ended 31 December 2016. As at 31 December
          2016, the Group has net assets of $2,749,000 (2015: $5,598,000) and net current liabilities of $4,130,000 (2015:
          net current assets of $4,477,000). Included in current liabilities is a balance of $5,974,000 which relates to
          convertible preference shares that have a conversion date in May 2017 (refer Note 4.1) and $1,500,000 which




24 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
    relates to amounts owing to SuperLife Limited under a $2,000,000 facility that is scheduled to be repaid in
    September 2017 (refer Note 4.1).
    The Group is experiencing significant revenue growth, in the range of 30% to 40%, following the launch of
    its new ECR2 motor and SCS Connect products. Management is exploring a number of financing options
    including obtaining bank funding to replace the SuperLife facility.
    In the unlikely event that sufficient external funding cannot be obtained, it is managements’ intention to defer
    discretionary operating and capital expenditure and further improve supplier working capital processes.
    The Group’s forecasts indicate that following deferral of this expenditure, it will be in a position to repay the
    SuperLife facility when it falls due. However these cash flow forecasts include revenue growth projections and
    other significant assumptions, including anticipated customer demand for new products, expected margins,
    anticipated development costs, expected foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and working capital
    requirements. Actual results and cash flows may vary materially from forecast.
    The ability of the Group to obtain sufficient external funding, if needed, and the judgements and assumptions
    associated with forecasting future results and cash flows gives rise to the existence of material uncertainties
    over the ability of the Group to repay its debt and continue to operate as a going concern, realise its assets and
    meet its obligations in the normal course of business.
    It is the considered view of the Directors that the Group will have access to adequate resources to meet its
    ongoing obligations for at least a period of 12 months from the date of signing these financial statements.
    On this basis, the Directors have assessed it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing its
    financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that would result if the Group
    was unable to continue as a going concern.

(b) Principles of consolidation
    Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group
    is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
    these returns through its power over the entity.
    Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are
    deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.
    The purchase method of accounting is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries by the Group.
    The cost of an acquisition is measured as the fair value of the assets given and equity instruments issued
    and liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of exchange. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
    contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the
    acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any minority interest. The excess of the cost of acquisition over
    the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the cost of
    acquisition is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognised
    directly in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
    Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies
    are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated but considered an impairment indicator of the asset
    transferred. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency
    with the policies of the Group.

(c) Foreign currency translation

    (i) Functional and presentation currency
    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency
    of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The Company’s
    functional currency is US Dollars because its purchase and sale of product is mainly denominated in US
    Dollars. Subsidiaries in Turkey, Mexico and Singapore use their local currency as the functional currency.
    The consolidated financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars, rounded to the nearest thousand,
    which is the Group’s presentation currency. The presentation currency remains New Zealand dollars due to the
    Company’s shareholder base being concentrated in New Zealand.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2016   25
          (ii) Transactions and balances
          Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
          at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
          transactions and from the translation at year end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
          in foreign currencies are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.

          (iii) Foreign operations
          The results and balance sheets of all foreign operations that have a functional currency different from New
          Zealand dollars are translated into the presentation currency as follows:
          • assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of the
            Statement of Financial Position;
          • income and expenses for each Statement of Comprehensive Income are translated at average exchange
            rates, unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
            transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions; and
          • all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income as a separate component
            of equity.

      (d) Critical accounting estimates
          Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
          including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
          The Company makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will,
          by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk
          of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are
          detailed in the following notes to the financial statements:

              Area of estimation                                                                     Note
              • Development costs – capitalisation of expenses and impairment testing                3.3
              • Inventory – determining net realisable value                                         3.1c
              • Warranty provisions – determining the provision amount                               3.1e
              • Doubtful debt provisions – determining net recoverable value                         3.1b




26 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
2. Results for the year

 This section focuses on the results and performance for the Group and how those numbers are calculated.



2.1 Segment information
    An operating segment is a component of an entity that engages in business activities from which it earns
    revenues and incurs expenses, whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision
    maker and for which discrete financial information is available.
    The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of
    the operating segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer supported by the Management Team
    who report directly to the CEO.

(a) Reportable segments
    The Group is organised on a global basis into one operating segment - marketing, sale, manufacture and
    development of electric motors and associated electronics and software. The financial statements therefore
    reflect the results and financial position of the segment.

(b) Geographical segments
    The Group operates in three main geographical areas, although it is managed on a global basis.
                                                                                                   2016       2015
    Revenue from external customers by geographic areas
                                                                                                  $000s      $000s

    Americas                                                                                  27,257        17,619
    Asia / Pacific (APAC)                                                                         3,300      3,004
    Europe / Middle East / Africa (EMEA)                                                          4,717      3,949
    Total                                                                                    $35,274       $24,572

    Revenue is allocated above based on the country in which the customer is located.

                                                                                                   2016       2015
    Total non-current assets                                                                      $000s      $000s

    Americas                                                                                         11             4
    Europe / Middle East / Africa                                                                     8            10
    New Zealand                                                                                   6,894      6,295
    Total                                                                                     $6,913        $6,309

    Total non-current assets are allocated based on where the owners of the assets are located.
    Major Customers
    Two major customers (defined as customers representing 10% or more of revenues), each account for revenues
    of $10,656,000 and $9,388,000 of total revenues (2015: two customers each with revenues of $7,325,000 and
    $6,534,000).




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2016   27
      2.2 Revenue
                                                                                                            2016          2015
                                                                                                           $000s         $000s

          Product revenue                                                                                35,211        24,543
          Services revenue                                                                                    63               29
                                                                                                        $35,274       $24,572

          Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and
          services, excluding GST / VAT, rebates and discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.

          Sale of Goods – sales are recognised when legal title or possession is transferred to the buyer which is usually
          when delivery of the goods to the customer takes place.
          Sale of services – revenue from the provision of services is recognised when services are rendered to the buyer.


      2.3 Other Income
                                                                                                            2016          2015
                                                                                                           $000s         $000s

          Net foreign exchange gains                                                                          88           568
          Licence fees received                                                                               55           113
          Grants received                                                                                       -               8
          Other income                                                                                        63                2
                                                                                                           $206          $691

          Net foreign exchange gains includes a $121,000 loss in 2016 (2015 - $565,000 gain) arising from the revaluation of
          the Mandatory Convertible Preference Shares (note 4.1).


      2.4 Operating expenses

      (a) Employee benefits

                                                                                                            2016          2015
                                                                                                           $000s         $000s

          Wages and salaries and other short term benefits                                                 6,181         5,076
          Employee share options expense                                                                     127               77
          Employee benefits                                                                              $6,308        $5,153

          Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and accumulating sick leave
          expected to be settled within 12 months of the reporting date are recognised in other payables in respect of
          employees’ services up to the reporting date and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the
          liabilities are settled. Liabilities for non-accumulating sick leave are recognised when the leave is taken and
          measured at the rates paid or payable.

          The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and creates a provision where contractually
          obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

      (b) Rental and operating leases

                                                                                                            2016          2015
                                                                                                           $000s         $000s

          Rental and operating lease expenses                                                              $287          $283

          The Group is the lessee. Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are
          retained by the lessor are classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any




28 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
    incentives received from the lessor) are charged to the Statement of Comprehensive Income on a straight line
    basis over the period of the lease.

    The Group leases various offices, facilities and equipment. The leases have varying terms, escalation clauses
    and renewal rights. On renewal, the terms of the leases are renegotiated.

                                                                                                       2016          2015
    Operating leases                                                                                  $000s         $000s

    Within one year                                                                                     272           275
    Later than one year but not later than five years                                                   520           781
    Later than five years                                                                                  -                -
                                                                                                      $792         $1,056


2.5 Income tax expense

    Current and deferred income tax
    The income tax expense or revenue for the year is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
    (based on the national income tax rate for each jurisdiction) adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and
    liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
    amounts in the financial statements, and to unused tax losses.
    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to
    apply when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or
    substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of
    deductible and taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or liability. An exception is
    made for certain temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No deferred
    tax asset or liability is recognised in relation to these temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other
    than a business combination, that at the time of the transaction did not affect either accounting profit or taxable
    profit or loss.
    Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is
    probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.
    Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
    and tax bases of investments in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to control the timing of the
    reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
    future.
    Goods and Services Tax (GST) and Value Added Tax (VAT)
    The Statement of Comprehensive Income has been prepared so that all components are stated exclusive of
    GST and VAT. All items in the Statement of Financial Position are stated net of GST and VAT, with the exception
    of receivables and payables, which include GST and VAT invoiced.

(a) Income tax expense
    The Company and Group have unrecognised tax losses available to carry forward and offset against current
    year taxable income. Taxation of $51,000 (2015: $57,000) is payable in respect of some overseas subsidiaries.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2016       29
      (b) Unrecognised tax losses

                                                                                                          2016          2015
                                                                                                         $000s         $000s

          Reported loss for period before tax                                                          (2,427)       (2,780)
          Non-deductible / non assessable items                                                          1,091           712
          Less unrecognised timing differences                                                             863         (794)
          Net loss for tax purposes                                                                      (473)       (2,862)
          Losses carried forward from prior years                                                     (98,681)      (93,388)
          Adjustment of prior periods                                                                  (1,810)       (1,318)
          Expired losses                                                                                      -                -
          Overseas taxable income                                                                        (110)
          Exchange adjustments                                                                             600       (1,113)
          Losses available to carry forward to future years                                        ($100,474)      ($98,681)

          Of the total consolidated losses available to carry forward to future years, $2,504,000 (2015 - $2,947,000) arises
          in the USA and is subject to their continuity requirements. USA Federal tax losses expire after 15 to 20 years,
          depending on when those losses were incurred. During the 2016 year no USA Federal tax losses expired (2015
          - None).

      (c) Unrecognised deferred tax balances
          The Group has not recognised income tax losses and temporary differences as a future income tax benefit
          due to the uncertainty of their recoverability in the immediate future. Losses available to be carried forward are
          subject to the shareholder continuity requirements of the New Zealand Income Tax Act 1994 and the countries
          in which the losses have arisen. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally
          enforceable right to offset and they relate to the same tax authority. The New Zealand corporate tax rate of 28%
          has been used to determine the below unrecognised deferred tax assets:
                                                                                                          2016          2015
                                                                                                         $000s         $000s

          Doubtful debts                                                                                    38            42
          Inventory provisions and eliminations                                                             56            90
          Employee benefits                                                                                 94            54
          Other timing differences                                                                          72           194
          Tax losses to carry forward                                                                  28,133        27,559
          Unrecognised net deferred tax asset                                                         $28,393       $27,939

      (d) Imputation credits
          The Group has no imputation credits available (2015 – $nil) and no movements occurred in the Imputation
          Credit Account (2015 – $nil).




30 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
2.6 Earnings per share
   Earnings per share (‘EPS’) is the amount of post-tax profit attributable to each share.
   Basic EPS of a loss of 0.96 cents (2015 – loss of 1.29 cents) is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to
   equity holders of the Company of $2,478,000 (2015 - ($2,780,000)) by the weighted average number of ordinary
   shares in issue during the year of 256,895,787 (2015 – 216,049,250).
   Diluted EPS of a loss of 0.96 cents (2015 - loss of 1.29 cents) reflects any commitments the Group has to issue
   shares in future that would decrease EPS. The weighted average number of ordinary shares is compared with
   the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of share options. As at 31 December,
   the following instruments existed that are, or were, potentially dilutive of future earnings per share, but were not
   included in the calculation of diluted EPS for that year because the effect in that year would have been anti-
   dilutive:
                                                                                                   Number of shares
                                                                                                  2016            2015

   Part paid shares                                                                      12,904,635         8,993,524
   US employee share options                                                                 1,914,600      1,058,372

   The weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue for the purpose of the basic and diluted EPS
   calculation includes 25,211,740 preference shares (2015 - 25,211,740), being the minimum number of ordinary
   shares that will be issued upon their conversion (note 4.1).




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2016   31
      3. Operating assets and liabilities

        This section focuses on the assets used to generate the Group’s trading performance and the liabilities incurred
        as a result.



      3.1 Working capital
          Working capital represents the assets and liabilities the Group generate through its trading activities. The Group
          therefore defines working capital as cash, trade and other receivables, inventory and trade and other payables.

      (a) Cash and cash equivalents
          Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions and other
          short term and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily
          convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
                                                                                                          2016          2015
                                                                                                         $000s         $000s

          Cash on hand and at bank                                                                         820         1,092
          Call deposits                                                                                  1,203         1,712
          Short term bank deposit                                                                           76             76
                                                                                                        $2,099        $2,880

          The carrying amount of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents is denominated in the following currencies:

          NZD                                                                                              399            805
          USD                                                                                            1,634         1,970
          Other                                                                                             66            105
                                                                                                        $2,099        $2,880

      (b) Trade and other receivables
          Trade receivables are recognised initially at the value of the invoice sent to the customer and subsequently
          measured at the amounts considered recoverable. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement no more
          than 120 days from the date of recognition.
          A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Group
          will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivable. This determination
          requires significant judgement. In making this judgement, the Group evaluates amongst other factors whether
          there is objective evidence of significant financial difficulty of the customer, whether there has been breach
          of contract, whether it has become probable that the customer will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
          reorganisation, whether there is an active market for that customer and the national or local economic
          conditions that could impact on the customer.
                                                                                                          2016          2015
                                                                                                         $000s         $000s

          Trade receivables                                                                              8,504         5,436
          Provision for doubtful debts                                                                   (148)           (152)
          Net trade receivables                                                                          8,356         5,284
          Prepayments                                                                                      269            361
          VAT/GST refunds due                                                                              274            178
          Income tax refund due                                                                             32             14
          Other receivables                                                                                 84             81
                                                                                                        $9,015        $5,918




32 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
    The carrying amount of the Group’s trade and other receivables is denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                        2016           2015
                                                                                                       $000s          $000s

    NZD                                                                                                    52            46
    USD                                                                                                8,513          5,495
    EUR                                                                                                    96           100
    Other                                                                                                354            277
                                                                                                      $9,015        $5,918


    Provision for doubtful debts

    Carrying amount at start of year                                                                     152            141
    Increase / (decrease) in provision                                                                      2           (12)
    Exchange adjustment                                                                                   (6)            23
    Carrying amount at end of year                                                                      $148          $152

    The decrease in provision is recognised within ‘Operating expenses’ in the Statement of Comprehensive
    Income.

(c) Inventories
    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to individual items of
    inventory on the basis of first in first out. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course
    of business less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
    Management reviews inventory on a line by line basis. Judgements are made about expected selling prices
    and obsolescence based on forecast sales. A provision is recognised for stock which is expected to sell for less
    than cost.
                                                                                                        2016           2015
                                                                                                       $000s          $000s

    Finished goods – at cost                                                                           2,432          3,029
    Work in progress – at cost                                                                           731            526
    Raw materials – at cost                                                                              369            467
    Less inventory provisions                                                                            (71)         (322)
    Total inventories                                                                                 $3,461        $3,700

    Certain inventories are subject to retention of title clauses.

    Cost of inventories recognised as an expense and included in cost of sales $25,527,000 (2015: $18,284,000)

(d) Trade and other payables
    Trade payables are recognised at the value of the invoice received from a supplier. These amounts represent
    liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to balance sheet date. The amounts are unsecured
    and are usually paid within 90 days of recognition.
                                                                                                        2016           2015
                                                                                                       $000s          $000s

    Trade payables                                                                                     9,547          6,927
    Employee entitlements                                                                                410            330
    Accrued expenses and deferred income                                                                 982            573
                                                                                                    $10,939         $7,830




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2016    33
          The carrying amount of the Group’s trade and other payables is denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                             2016           2015
                                                                                                            $000s          $000s

          NZD                                                                                               1,058          1,035
          USD                                                                                               9,741          6,651
          Other                                                                                               140              144
                                                                                                         $10,939         $7,830

      (e) Provisions
          Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
          events; it is more likely than not that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
          amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.
          The Group sells electric motors with warranty periods of up to five years. The terms of the warranty provide that
          the Group will repair or replace items that fail to perform satisfactorily. A provision has been recognised based
          on historical data and average levels of repairs and warranty claims experienced by the Group. It is expected
          that the provision will be utilised within one year as any product failures are typically exhibited within one year of
          sale.
                                                                                                             2016           2015
          Warranty provision
                                                                                                            $000s          $000s

          Carrying amount at start of year                                                                    215              259
          Additional provisions recognised                                                                      93              87
          Amounts used                                                                                        (51)         (184)
          Exchange adjustment                                                                                  (4)              53
          Carrying amount at end of year                                                                     $253          $215


      3.2 Plant & equipment
          All plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation and impairments. Historical cost includes
          expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
          Costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
          when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost
          of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the Statement of
          Comprehensive Income during the financial year in which they are incurred.
          Depreciation on plant and equipment is calculated using the straight line method to allocate their cost net of
          their residual values, over their estimated useful lives, as follows:
                                                            Useful Life
           Plant and equipment                             3 - 15 years
           Office equipment, furniture and fittings        3 - 15 years

          The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed and adjusted as appropriate at each balance sheet
          date. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
          amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.




34 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Plant and equipment can be analysed as follows:

                                                                          Plant &         Office       Total
                                                                       equipment    equipment,
                                                                                     furniture &
                                                                                         fittings
                                                                           $000s          $000s       $000s

At 31 December 2014
     Cost                                                                  4,812         1,660        6,472
     Accumulated depreciation and impairment                             (3,970)       (1,345)       (5,315)
     Exchange adjustment                                                   (141)          (136)       (277)
     Net book amount                                                       $701           $179         $880

Year ended 31 December 2015
     Opening net book amount                                                 701            179         880
     Additions                                                               215             18         233
     Depreciation                                                          (198)           (53)       (251)
     Exchange adjustment                                                     123             24         147
     Closing net book amount                                               $841           $168       $1,009

At 31 December 2015
     Cost                                                                  5,027         1,678        6,705
     Accumulated depreciation and impairment                             (4,168)       (1,398)       (5,566)
     Exchange adjustment                                                    (18)          (112)       (130)
     Net book amount                                                       $841           $168       $1,009

Year ended 31 December 2016
     Opening net book amount                                                841            168        1,009
     Additions                                                              169            118          287
     Depreciation                                                          (212)           (62)       (274)
     Exchange adjustment                                                    (17)             (6)       (23)
     Closing net book amount                                               $781           $218        $999

At 31 December 2016
     Cost                                                                 5,196          1,796        6,992
     Accumulated depreciation and impairment                            (4,380)        (1,460)      (5,840)
     Exchange adjustment                                                    (35)         (118)        (153)
     Net book amount                                                       $781           $218        $999

                                                                                          2016         2015
Depreciation
                                                                                         $000s        $000s

Plant and equipment                                                                         212         198
Office equipment, furniture & fittings                                                        62         53
                                                                                          $274         $251


Sale of plant and equipment

Gain on disposal                                                                              $2         $2

Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are
included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2016   35
          Capital commitments
          Capital commitments contracted for at 31 December 2016 amounted to $125,000 (2015 - $130,000).


      3.3 Intangible assets

          Research, development and patent costs
          Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of obtaining new scientific or technical
          knowledge and understanding, is recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income as an expense when
          it is incurred.
          Expenditure on development activities, being the application of research findings or other knowledge to a
          plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products or services before the start of
          commercial production or use, is capitalised if the product or service is technically and commercially feasible
          and adequate resources are available to complete development. Development costs are capitalised once
          it can be demonstrated that the asset is supported by future economic benefits. Management is required
          to consider the following criteria when making its judgement as to when it is appropriate to commence
          capitalisation of development costs:
              • technical feasibility of completing the development so that it will be available for use or sale;
              • intention to complete the development;
              • ability to use the developed asset or sell it;
              • existence of a market;
              • availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete and commercialise the
                development; and
              • ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the development.
          The expenditure capitalised comprises all directly attributable costs, including costs of materials, services, direct
          labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads.
          Development expenditure which does not meet the criteria for capitalisation is recognised in the Statement of
          Comprehensive Income as an expense as incurred. Capitalised development expenditure is stated at cost less
          accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses.
          Amortisation is calculated using the straight line method to allocate the cost over the period of the expected
          benefit, up to a maximum of 5 years.
          Capitalised patent costs are amortised on a straight line basis over the period of expected benefit no longer
          than the life of the patent, up to a maximum of 20 years.

          Computer software

          Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to
          use the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives (3 to 5 years).

          Costs associated with developing or maintaining computer software programmes are recognised as an
          expense as incurred.

          Impairment of non-financial assets
          Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life or intangible assets not ready for use are not subject to
          amortisation and are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed
          for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
          recoverable.
          An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
          amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For
          the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
          identifiable cash flows (cash generating units).




36 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Intangible assets can be analysed as follows:
                                                   Internally
                                                  Generated
                                                Development      Patents     Software        Other         Total
                                                       costs
                                                      $000s       $000s        $000s        $000s        $000s

At 31 December 2014
     Cost                                             6,526       1,442          406          175        8,549
     Accumulated amortisation                        (3,999)      (893)        (383)          (77)      (5,352)
     Exchange adjustment                                (85)        (52)         (11)         (18)        (166)
     Net book amount                                 $2,442        $497          $12          $80       $3,031

Year ended 31 December 2015
     Opening net book amount                          2,442         497           12           80        3,031
     Additions                                        1,851          51           38           33        1,973
     Amortisation                                       (79)        (57)         (10)          (2)        (148)
     Exchange adjustment                                362          71             -          11          444
     Closing net book amount                         $4,576        $562          $40         $122       $5,300

At 31 December 2015
     Cost                                             8,377       1,320          444          208       10,349
     Accumulated amortisation                        (4,078)      (777)        (393)          (79)      (5,327)
     Exchange adjustment                                277          19          (11)          (7)         278
     Net book amount                                 $4,576        $562          $40         $122       $5,300

Year ended 31 December 2016
     Opening net book amount                         4,576         562            40         122         5,300
     Additions                                       1,866          41             -           23        1,930
     Amortisation                                  (1,074)       (145)          (13)          (2)      (1,234)
     Exchange adjustment                               (71)         (6)          (1)          (4)         (82)
     Closing net book amount                        $5,297        $452          $26         $139       $5,914

At 31 December 2016
     Cost                                           10,243       1,361          444          231       12,279
     Accumulated amortisation                      (5,152)       (922)         (406)         (81)      (6,561)
     Exchange adjustment                                206         13          (12)         (11)         196
     Net book amount                                $5,297        $452          $26         $139       $5,914

Included within internally generated development costs is $1,102,000 (2015: $4,448,000) under development.
This cost is not yet being amortised. An impairment assessment has been performed at 31 December 2016
taking into account costs to complete the developments, costs to set up the manufacturing capability, estimates
of market volume and price and estimated manufacturing unit costs.

                                                                                             2016         2015
Amortisation and impairment                                                                 $000s        $000s

Amortisation of intangible assets                                                           1,234          148
Impairment of intangible assets                                                                  -            -

Research and development
Research & development costs expensed                                                         648          414
Development time capitalised                                                              (1,262)       (1,342)




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2016    37
      4. Capital and financing costs

        This section sets out the Group’s capital structure and shows how it finances its operations and growth.

        In order to finance the Group’s activities (now and in the future) the Board monitors and determines the
        appropriate capital structure for Wellington to execute strategy and to deliver its business plan.


      4.1 Borrowings
                                                                                                             2016              2015
                                                                                                            $000s             $000s

          Current portion
          Mandatory Convertible Preference Shares                                                           5,974                 -
          Loan facility - SuperLife                                                                         1,500                 -
          Finance lease                                                                                         25                -
          Liability at end of year                                                                         $7,499                $-


          Non-Current portion
          Mandatory Convertible Preference Shares                                                                 -       5,188
          Finance lease                                                                                         34                -
                                                                                                              $34        $5,188

          Mandatory Convertible Preference Shares
          On 19 May 2015 the Company issued $5,042,346 mandatory convertible preference shares at an issue price of
          $0.20 per share, bearing a fixed coupon rate of 5% per annum, payable six monthly in arrears. In May 2017 the
          convertible preference shares convert to ordinary shares in accordance with a conversion ratio. If the ordinary
          share price (at that time) is greater than $0.24, then each convertible preference share will convert to ordinary
          shares on a 1:1 basis. If the ordinary share price is less than or equal to $0.24, then preference shares convert
          at $0.20 divided by 80% of the then share price for each preference share held.
          The preference shares were recognised initially as a liability at fair value, net of issue costs incurred, and are
          subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of issue costs and the value
          attributed to the embedded option) and the redemption value (being 25,211,740 shares at $0.25) is recognised
          in the income statement over the period to conversion using the effective interest method. The coupon on these
          shares will be recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as interest expense.
                                                                                                             2016              2015
                                                                                                            $000s             $000s

          Liability at start of year                                                                        5,188         4,507
          Amortisation                                                                                        786              681
          Liability at end of year                                                                         $5,974        $5,188

          The proceeds from the 2014 issue were $5,042,000. Issue costs were $346,000 and the value attributed to the
          embedded option was $565,000 so the liability at date of issue was $4,131,000.

          The effective interest rate on the liability is 19.15% taking into account costs of issue. The liability has been
          classified as current because the preference shares convert in 2017. The carrying amount of the Group’s
          mandatory convertible preference shares is denominated in NZD.

          Loan facility – SuperLife Limited
          In September 2016 the Company secured a $2 million unsecured loan facility from SuperLife Limited, a
          shareholder. The loan facility has a one year term. Interest is payable quarterly at 14.75% pa and a $20,000
          annual revolver fee is payable.



38 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
    Finance lease
    In March 2016 the Company entered into a 36 month equipment lease. The amount financed was $76,000 and
    repayments in the year ended 31 December 2016 amounted to $17,000.


4.2 Finance
                                                                                                    2016          2015
                                                                                                   $000s         $000s

    Finance income
    Change in fair value of embedded option (note 6.7)                                                    -            10
    Other interest income                                                                                 8            39
                                                                                                       $8             $49

    Finance expenses
    Amortisation of borrowing (note 4.1)                                                             786              681
    Preference shares coupon                                                                         252              252
    Other interest expense                                                                             93              37
                                                                                                  $1,131          $970


4.3 Contributed equity
    Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
    options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
                                                                 2016             2015            2016            2015
                                                               Shares           Shares           $000s           $000s

    Ordinary shares – fully paid                         231,684,047      231,684,047         117,155          117,155
    Ordinary shares – partly paid                         12,904,635        8,993,524               37                 29
    US employee share options                              1,914,600        1,058,372                 -                  -
    Preference shares (note 4.1)                          25,211,740       25,211,740                 -                  -
    Total shares and options on issue                    271,715,022      266,947,683       $117,192          $117,184

(a) Ordinary shares – fully paid

    Opening balance of ordinary shares on issue          231,684,047      126,373,117         117,155          114,273
    Issues of ordinary shares during the year:
      • May / June 2015 issues at 3 cents for cash                    -   105,310,930                 -          3,159
      • Share issue costs                                             -               -               -          (277)
    Ordinary fully paid shares on issue at year end      231,684,047      231,684,047       $117,155          $117,155

    All ordinary shares are authorised and have no par value. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in
    dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of and amounts paid
    on shares held.

(b) Ordinary shares – partly paid

    Partly paid shares outstanding at start of year        8,993,524        6,941,462               29                 35
    Issues of partly paid shares during the year:          3,911,111        4,207,056                8                  5
    Lapsed                                                            -    (2,154,994)                -               (11)
    Surrendered                                                       -               -               -                  -
    Ordinary part paid shares on issue at year end        12,904,635        8,993,524              $37                $29

    For further details of part paid shares see 6.2c




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2016       39
      (c) US employees share options (numbers)

                                                                                               2016            2015
                                                                                       Share Options   Share Options

          Options outstanding at start of year                                            1,058,372        673,510
          Issues of U.S. employee options during the year:                                 856,228         384,862
          Lapsed                                                                                   -               -
          Outstanding at end of year                                                      1,914,600      1,058,372


      4.4 Accumulated losses
                                                                                               2016            2015
                                                                                              $000s           $000s

          Opening balance                                                                 (109,648)       (106,994)
          Loss for the year                                                                 (2,478)         (2,780)
          Surrendered & lapsed employee share option scheme benefits                               -            126
          Accumulated losses at end of year                                               $112,126       ($109,648)


      4.5 Other reserves
                                                                                               2016            2015
                                                                                              $000s           $000s

          Share option compensation reserve                                                     248             121
          Currency translation reserve                                                      (2,568)         (2,083)
          Hedging reserve                                                                         3              24
                                                                                           ($2,317)        ($1,938)

      (a) Share Option Compensation Reserve

                                                                                               2016            2015
                                                                                              $000s           $000s

          Share based compensation recognised at start of year                                  121             170
          Net compensation expensed                                                             127              77
          Surrendered & lapsed share option scheme transferred to accumulated losses               -          (126)
                                                                                               $248           $121

      (b) Currency Translation Reserve

                                                                                               2016            2015
                                                                                              $000s           $000s

          Opening balance                                                                   (2,083)         (2,502)
          Movements for the year                                                              (485)             419
                                                                                           ($2,568)        ($2,083)


      (c) Hedging reserve
                                                                                               2016            2015
                                                                                              $000s           $000s

               Opening balance                                                                   24              (4)
               Cash flow hedge fair value gains / (losses) for the year                        (21)              28
               Tax on fair value gains / (losses)                                                  -               -
                                                                                                 $3             $24




40 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
5. Risk

  This section presents information about the Group’s exposure to financial and commercial risks; the Group’s
  objectives, policies and processes for managing those risks.



5.1 Key financial risks

    The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise receivables, payables, cash and cash equivalents,
    borrowings and derivatives.

    The Group manages its exposure to the key financial risks – market risk (including foreign currency risk and
    interest rate risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and capital risk. The Group enters into derivative transactions
    (principally forward currency contracts) to manage currency risks.

(a) Financial market risk
    Foreign currency risk
    The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from various currency
    exposures. Presently the Group's revenue is based on USD pricing and invoicing is almost entirely USD
    denominated. The majority of the Group's product, manufacturing and logistics cost is invoiced and settled in
    USD. This provides a strong natural hedge position between revenues and costs. USD funds are converted to
    NZD to meet New Zealand operational costs as required.
    The Company’s functional currency is USD. Changes in exchange rates then will result in monetary assets
    and liabilities denominated in currencies other than USD (the functional currency) being revalued at balance
    date and the resulting unrealised revaluation gain / loss recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.
    Any realised gain / loss arising from the settlement in cash of these non USD transactions recorded during the
    period will also be recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.
    A sensitivity analysis of foreign exchange rate risk on the Group’s monetary assets and liabilities at 31
    December 2016 is provided in the table below. This shows the impact of a 10% strengthening in the USD
    exchange rate relative to other currencies – a positive impact on the results because NZD denominated debt will
    be less in USD terms.
                                                                                  Currencies
                                                                      Carrying    other than         Profit        Equity
                                                                       amount           USD         impact        impact
                                                                        $000s          $000s         $000s         $000s

    Monetary assets:
    Cash                                                                 2,099           465          (33)             (33)
    Trade and other receivables                                          9,015           502          (36)             (36)


    Monetary liabilities:
    Trade and other payables                                          (10,939)       (1,198)            86              86
    Borrowings                                                         (7,533)       (7,533)           542             542
    Net impact                                                                                       $559          $559

    A weakening of the USD exchange rate relative to other currencies will have an adverse impact. 10% was
    chosen as a reasonable sensitivity given the historically volatile markets for foreign exchange. Amounts are
    shown net of income tax. All variables other than applicable exchange rates are held constant. The profit and
    equity impact on the same basis at 31 December 2015 was $354,000.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2016      41
          The Company’s reporting currency is NZD. Changes in NZD exchange rates will therefore impact the reported
          results. For example, a decrease in the NZD / USD exchange rate will mean higher reported revenues, gross
          profits and operating expenses and also higher operating assets and liabilities (including cash) as a result of the
          translation from functional currency to reporting currency.

          The impact of a change in NZD exchange rates on the reported NZD result (excluding any gains / losses arising
          on financial assets and liabilities summarised above) is demonstrated in the table below.



                                                                                                       If NZD /         If NZD /
                                                                                                      USD rate         USD rate
                                                                                         Reported     had been         had been
                                                                                           in NZD          0.60             0.80
                                                                                            $000s        $000s            $000s

          Revenue                                                                          35,274       41,748          31,577
          Gross profit                                                                      8,453       10,004            7,567
          Operating income                                                                    206           216             200
          Operating expenses (excluding depreciation & amortisation)                      (8,455)       (8,953)         (8,169)
          EBITDA                                                                             $204       $1,267           ($402)

          Interest Rate Risk
          The coupon attaching to the Mandatory Convertible Preference Shares is 5% pa. In 2016, the Group borrowed
          $1,500,000 from SuperLife and entered into a finance lease. The interest rate on this debt is fixed. There is no
          other interest bearing debt.
          The Group has cash deposits in various currencies to facilitate trading in the countries in which it has a
          presence. Most of the cash deposits are held in either NZD or USD.
          The impact of a 1% increase / decrease in interest rates over a one year period on the closing cash balance is
          not significant.

      (b) Credit risk
          The Group generally trades with customers and banking counterparties who are well established. While there
          are individually significant customers, the Group takes out trade credit insurance in order to provide better
          security. Receivables balances are managed by and reported regularly to senior management according to
          credit management policies and procedures. The amount outstanding at balance sheet date represents the
          maximum exposure to credit risk.
          Individual receivables are assessed as impaired where customers have defaulted on payment terms and
          management has assessed the likelihood of recovery as remote. A full provision has been made against those
          individually impaired assets. For receivables that are neither past due nor impaired, management does not
          foresee any likelihood of default as the receivables are due from long-standing customers.
          At balance sheet date, trade receivables of $275,000 were past due but not considered impaired (2015 -
          $1,146,000). Of this amount $44,000 (2015 - $113,000) was 3 months or more overdue.
          The Group enters into forward foreign exchange contracts within specified policy limits and only with counter-
          parties approved by directors.
          Cash and cash equivalents are deposited with a number of trading banks in New Zealand and overseas.
          $1,387,000 is deposited with a major NZ trading bank with a Standard and Poors rating of AA- (2015:
          $1,417,000 AA-) and $345,000 (2015: $553,000) with Western Union. The remaining balance of $367,000
          (2015: $910,000) is held across a number of territories and non-performance of obligations by the relevant
          banks is not expected due to the credit rating of the counter parties considered.




42 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
(c) Liquidity risk
    The Group maintain regular forecasts of liquidity based on expected cash flows. The table below analyses the
    Group’s financial liabilities into relevant groups based on the remaining period at the reporting date to the end
    of the contractual date. The amounts disclosed are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.
                                                         2016                                      2015
                                          Less than        7 to 12    More than      Less than       7 to 12    More than
    $000's                                6 months         months     12 months      6 months        months     12 months

    Trade and other payables                 10,236               -             -       7,589               -             -
    Borrowings                                1,512              13           34              -             -             -
    Coupon on preference shares                 126               -             -         126             126         126
                                           $11,874              $13         $34        $7,715          $126          $126

    Trade and other payables above exclude any liabilities for tax (including payroll taxes), statutory liabilities and
    deferred income. 2015 comparative figures have been restated.

(d) Capital risk management
    The Company monitors capital on the basis of cash requirements and, in order to maintain or adjust the capital
    structure, generally issues new shares to investors through rights issues or institutional placements.
    The Company has not been subject to any externally imposed capital requirements during the period.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2016     43
      6. Other information

        This section includes other information that must be disclosed to comply with accounting standards and other
        pronouncements, but that is not immediately related to individual line items in the financial statements.



      6.1 Subsidiaries

          The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries
          in accordance with the accounting policy described in Note 2b.

                                                                         Country of     Class of
                                                                                                       2016          2015
                                                                       incorporation    Shares

          Wellington Drive Sales Ltd                                  New Zealand      Ordinary       100%          100%
          Wellington Drive Technologies US, Inc                            USA         Ordinary       100%          100%
          Wellington Motor Teknolojileri San Tic Ltd Sti                  Turkey       Ordinary       100%          100%
          Wellington Italia Srl                                            Italy       Ordinary       100%          100%
          Wellington Drive Technologies Pte Ltd                         Singapore      Ordinary       100%          100%
          Wellington Manufacturing Group Singapore Pte Ltd              Singapore      Ordinary       100%          100%
          Wellington Latin America Services SA de CV                     Mexico        Ordinary       100%          100%
          Wellington Mexico Tecnologia SA de CV                          Mexico        Ordinary       100%          100%

          All subsidiaries have a common balance date of 31 December.


      6.2 Related party transactions

      (a) Directors
          The names of persons who are directors of the Company are on page 61.

      (b) Key management personnel and compensation
          Key management personnel compensation is set out below. Key management personnel comprise the
          Directors including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all the senior executives who report directly to the
          CEO.

                                                                                                         2016            2015
                                                                                                        $000s           $000s

          Salaries, fees and other short term benefits                                                  1,633           1,525
          Share based remuneration                                                                         97                69
          Directors’ remuneration                                                                         158               174
          Total                                                                                       $1,888           $1,768

      (c) Employee share based remuneration

          Equity settled, share based compensation is provided to employees via the Wellington Partly Paid Share
          Scheme and Wellington Employees Share Option Plan. The fair value of the employee services received in
          exchange for the grant of part paid shares or options are recognised as an expense over the vesting period.
          The proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital when the
          partly paid share proceeds are received or options are exercised.




44 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Ordinary shares – partly paid

                                                                                  Balance
                                                                 Partly paid     payable on    Outstanding    Outstanding
  Issue Date     Earliest date      Expiry       Share hurdle    share price      exercise       at 2016         at 2015
                  to exercise    exercise date   price (cents)     (cents)         (cents)      (numbers)      (numbers)

24 Jun 2013 24 Jun 2017 24 Jun 2018                 16.29          16.29           15.79        1,635,665     1,635,665
18 Jun 2014 18 Jun 2017 18 Jun 2018                 14.22          14.22           13.72        1,260,587     1,260,587
 23 Jul 2014    23 Jul 2017      23 Jul 2019        14.73          14.73           14.23        1,890,216     1,890,216
  1 Jul 2015     1 Jul 2017      1 Jul 2019          5.21           5.21            5.11        2,316,840     2,316,840
  1 Jul 2015     1 Jul 2018      1 Jul 2020          5.65           5.65            5.53        1,890,216     1,890,216
 20 Apr 2016 31 Mar 2017 31 Mar 2019                 9.43           9.43            9.23        3,489,131          -
30 Sep 2016 30 Sep 2019 30 Sep 2021                 18.17          18.17           17.81         421,980           -
                                                                                               12,904,635     8,993,524

A Partly Paid Share Scheme was established in June 2008, to enable certain employees to acquire shares in
the Company. After the earliest date to exercise, provided the market price for the Company’s shares is, at that
date, equal to or greater than the hurdle price stated above (and on or before 2 years after the earliest exercise
date), employees can settle the unpaid balance of their part-paid shares and transfer the shares to their name
or the name of their nominated trustee.

The April 2016 issue of part paid shares is subject to the company achieving specific financial performance
targets in the 2016 financial year or at the discretion of the directors pursuant to the rules of the Scheme.

Wellington Drive Technologies Share Scheme Trustee Limited (WSST) acts as trustee holding the part-paid
shares on behalf of employees. These partly paid shares are not quoted on the NZX and are not tradable.

Mr Greg Allen, the Company’s Chief Executive, was issued 1,260,587 part paid shares in June 2014, 2,316,840
shares in 2015 that have a two year vesting period and a further 1,218,073 in April 2016 subject to terms
outlined above.

Fair value is assessed at the date that the partly paid shares or share options are granted using a binomial
option pricing model that takes into account the exercise price, the three year term of the partly paid shares or
options, the exercise criteria, the likelihood of staff turnover, the non-tradable nature of the partly paid share or
option, the share price at the issue or grant date, the volatility of the returns on the underlying share and the risk-
free interest rate for the term of the partly paid share or option.

The model inputs for partly paid shares issued were as follows:

                                                             2016 issues       2015 issues      2014 issues    2013 issues

•  Market price or “hurdle price” required                  9.43 – 18.17       5.21 – 5.65 14.22 – 14.73 16.29 – 17.25
    to enable the partly paid shares to be                         cents             cents         cents         cents
    exercised:
•  Expected volatility of the Company’s shares:             58.1 – 59.4%           43.4%           46.57%              52.7%
•  Risk-free interest rate:                                 1.92 – 2.34%   2.97 – 3.04%       3.63 – 3.87%             2.87%
•  Expected term:                                            1 – 3 years       2 – 3 years     2 – 3 years     2 – 3 years

U.S. employee share options
The Annual Meeting held in June 2010 approved the establishment of the United States Share Option Plan
and authorised the Board to issue up to 3,000,000 options. All options must be exercised within 12 months
after a period of three years from the date on which the options are issued. The price at which options can be
exercised under the United States Share Option Plan is the closing sales price on the date of the grant plus a
30% premium. Further details of share options granted are summarised below:




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2016     45
                                                                                    Outstanding at 2016        Outstanding at 2015
                 Grant Date              Expiry date       Exercise price (cents)             (numbers)                 (numbers)

               24 Jun 2013              24 Jun 2017                16.9                           288,647                 288,647
                23 Jul 2014             23 Jul 2018                14.3                           288,647                 288,647
               21 Aug 2014              21 Aug 2018                12.2                            96,216                  96,216
                1 Jul 2015               1 Jul 2019                5.59                           384,862                 384,862
               20 Apr 2016              31 Mar 2019                11.7                           760,013                        -
               30 Sep 2016              30 Sep 2020                18.2                            96,215                        -
                                                                                             1,914,600                  1,058,372

          The model inputs for partly paid shares issued were as follows:

                                                                    2016 issue       2015 issue      2014 issues        2013 issue

          •  Market price or “hurdle price” required (being        18.2 cents       5.59 cents       12.2 – 14.3        16.9 cents
              the issue price plus 30%) to enable the                                                      cents
              options to be exercised:
          •  Expected volatility of the Company’s shares:         58.1-59.4%            43.4%           46.57%              52.7%
          •  Risk-free interest rate:                             1.92-2.34%            3.04%               3.87%           2.87%
          •  Expected term:                                            3 years         3 years          3 years            3 years


      6.3 Contingencies
          There are no material contingent liabilities or assets (2015 - $nil).


      6.4 Financial instruments by category
                                                                                                               2016          2015
                                                                                                              $000s         $000s

          Assets per Statements of Financial Position
          Loans and Receivables
          Trade and other receivables                                                                         8,133         5,173
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           2,099         2,880
          Derivatives used for hedging (at fair value)
          Derivative financial instruments                                                                          -          24
                                                                                                            $10,232        $8,077

          Liabilities per Statements of Financial Position at amortised cost
          Trade and other payables                                                                           10,279         7,631
          Borrowings                                                                                          7,533         5,188
          Derivatives used for hedging (at fair value)
          Derivative financial instruments                                                                          -            -
          At fair value                                                                                          14
          Embedded option                                                                                           -            -
                                                                                                            $17,826       $12,819

          Fair value estimation
          The only financial instruments carried at fair value are derivatives comprising forward foreign exchange
          contracts and the embedded option in the preference shares.
          The forward exchange contract has been classified as Level 2 and the embedded option as Level 3.




46 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
    The different levels have been defined as follows:
    • Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1)
    • Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
      directly (ie as prices) or indirectly (ie derived from prices) (Level 2)
    • Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (ie unobservable inputs) (Level 3)
    The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the balance
    sheet date, with the resulting value discounted back to present value.
    The fair value of the embedded option is described in more detail in note 6.7a.


6.5 Other disclosures
                                                                                                     2016          2015
    Auditors remuneration                                                                           $000s         $000s

    PricewaterhouseCoopers:
         - Audit of financial statements of the Group                                                   90              85
         - Procedures over interim financial statements of the Group                                     7                6
    Audit of subsidiaries by other auditors                                                              7                7
    Total remuneration for audit services                                                            $104              $98


6.6 New accounting standards
    New standards, amendments and interpretations not yet adopted
    A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods
    beginning after 1 January 2016 and have not been applied in preparing these financial statements
    NZ IFRS 9, ‘Financial instruments’, addresses the classification, measurement and de-recognition of financial
    assets, financial liabilities, impairment of financial assets and hedge accounting addresses the classification,
    measurement and recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities. The standard is mandatory for
    accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018.
    NZ IFRS 15, ‘Revenue from contracts with customers’ establishes the framework for revenue recognition. The
    standard is mandatory for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018.
    IFRS 16, ‘Leases’, requires a lessee to recognise a lease liability reflecting future lease payments and a 'right-
    of-use asset' for virtually all lease contracts. The standard is mandatory for accounting periods beginning on or
    after 1 January 2019.
    Whilst the Group has not yet formally assessed the impact of these standards, IFRS15 is not expected to have
    a significant impact on the Group’s revenue recognition policies and for IFRS16, the Group’s operating lease
    commitments are disclosed in note 2.4(b) which would be subject to the requirements of IFRS16.


6.7 Derivative financial instruments

                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                    $000s         $000s

    Option embedded in the preference shares                                                              -               -
    Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                (14)              24
    (Liability) / asset at end of year                                                              ($14)              $24




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2016      47
      (a) Option embedded in the preference shares
          The mandatory convertible preference shares have the characteristics of both a bond-like security and an
          embedded option:
          •		The bond like component promises the preference shareholders the payment of a coupon of 5%, payable
             on a 6 monthly basis, in arrears;
          • The embedded option component provides the preference shareholders with the ability to benefit if the
            share price of the Company’s ordinary shares is above $0.25 at the conversion date.
          The embedded option derivative is initially recognised at fair value as determined by an independent valuer
          using the Black-Scholes valuation model. It is subsequently remeasured by the Company at 31 December.

                                                                                                         2016          2015
                                                                                                        $000s         $000s

          Liability at start of year                                                                         -          (10)
          New issue (note 4.1)                                                                               -             -
          Gains recognised in finance income (note 4.2)                                                                  10
          Exchange adjustments                                                                               -             -
          Liability at end of year                                                                          $-           $-

          The embedded option is highly sensitive to the market share price at the date of valuation. All other key
          variables do not have a significant impact on the fair value measurement.

      (b) Forward foreign exchange contracts
          The majority of the Group’s revenue is invoiced in USD and the majority of the Group’s product and logistics
          costs are settled in USD. Head office and Engineering costs are largely NZD denominated. The Parent
          may hedge highly probable forecast NZD costs that are expected to occur at various dates over the next 6
          months. These contracts are timed to mature when the costs will be incurred. The forward currency contracts
          are considered to be highly effective as they are matched against forecast cash outflows with any gain/
          loss on contracts attributable to the hedged risk taken directly to equity and recycled to the Statement of
          Comprehensive Income in the following year when the contract is settled.




48 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited

Wellington Drive Technologies Limited’s consolidated financial statements as at and for the year
ended 31 December 2016 comprise:
       the consolidated statement of comprehensive income;
       the consolidated statement of movements in equity;
       the consolidated statement of financial position;
       the consolidated cash flow statement; and
       the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include the significant accounting
        policies.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited (the
Company), including its subsidiaries (the Group), present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2016, its financial performance and its cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting
Standards (NZ IFRS) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs
NZ) and International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.

We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised)
Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (PES 1) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements.

Our firm carries out procedures over the interim financial statements of the Group. The provision of
this service has not impaired our independence as auditors of the Group.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2016   49
PricewaterhouseCoopers, 188 Quay Street, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
T: +64 9 355 8000, F: +64 9 355 8001, pwc.co.nz
            Our audit approach
            Overview
                                  An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance whether the financial
                                  statements are free from material misstatement.
                                  Overall group materiality: $353,000 which represents 1% of revenue.
                                  We chose revenue as the benchmark because, in our view, it is a relatively
                                  stable measure of performance relative to the size of the Group, and it is one of
                                  the benchmarks against which the performance of the Group is most
                                  commonly measured by users of the financial statements. It is also a key
                                  business driver, the focus of management and the board.
                                  Our key audit matters are:
                                         Carrying amount of development costs; and
                                         Inventory existence and valuation.
            Materiality
            The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality.

            Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality,
            including the overall Group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as a whole as set out
            above. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit,
            the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both
            individually and in aggregate on the consolidated financial statements as a whole.

            Audit scope
            We designed our audit by assessing the risks of material misstatement in the consolidated financial
            statements and our application of materiality. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of
            management override of internal controls including among other matters, consideration of whether
            there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

            We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an
            opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the
            Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates.

            Material uncertainty related to going concern
            We draw attention to Note 1.2 (a) to the financial statements, which discloses that amounts owing to
            SuperLife Limited are scheduled to be repaid in September 2017. Management is currently exploring a
            number of financing options including obtaining bank funding to replace the SuperLife facility.

            In the event that sufficient alternative external funding cannot be obtained, it is management’s
            intention to defer discretionary operating and capital expenditure and further improve supplier
            working capital processes in order to repay this facility when it falls due. However the Group’s cash
            flow forecasts include a number of significant judgements and assumptions and as a result, actual
            results and cash flows may vary materially from forecast.

            These conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 1.2 (a), indicate the existence of a
            material uncertainty which, in the event of management not being successful in executing its plans,


50 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
may give rise to significant doubt over the ability of the Group to continue to operate as a going
concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in
the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

In addition to the matters described in the material uncertainty related to going concern section, we
have determined the matters below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

 Key audit matter                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Carrying amount of development costs
 At 31 December 2016, the Group has            The carrying amount of development costs was a key
 capitalised product development costs         audit matter because it involves a significant amount
 amounting to $5.3 million, net of             of audit effort and the determination on whether the
 accumulated amortisation relating to SCS      development costs capitalised meet the accounting
 Connect and ECR2, the Group’s new             standard criteria for recognition involves judgement
 products.                                     and estimation.

 At the end of 2015, the ECR2 motor and        We performed the following procedures:
 SCS Connect were complete. Further                We obtained an understanding of how costs
 development of SCS Connect was                       are identified relating to development
 incurred in 2016 to meet additional                  products and how management determines
 customer needs.                                      which costs can be capitalised.
                                                   Through our testing of revenue, we were able
 The total development costs capitalised              to determine that both the ECR2 motor and
 amounting to $1.9 million comprised                  SCS Connect have generated revenue since
 internal labour time and other directly              January 2016 supporting the view that they
 attributable external costs.                         are both technically and commercially
                                                      feasible.
 The accounting standard on capitalising           We tested, on a sample basis, capitalised costs
 such costs sets out a prescribed criteria            to either external invoices or payroll records.
 that needs to be met before the costs can            From the procedures performed we have no
 be capitalised. The requirements are that            matters to report.
 the related products are technically and          We were able to confirm management’s ability
 commercially feasible, the project is                to accurately forecast sales by comparing the
 adequately resourced to completion and               sales achieved in 2016 relative to the 2016
 future sales are expected to be sufficient           forecasts. Based on this assessment, purchase
 to recover the capitalised costs. Assessing          orders received and our review of the 2017
 whether these criteria are met involves              forecasts sales and gross profit on these
 significant judgement and estimation.                products appear sufficient to recover the
                                                      capitalised costs.
 Refer to note 3.3 of the financial
 statements - Intangible assets.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2016   51
             Key audit matter                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

             Inventory existence and valuation
             As at 31 December 2016, the Group had         We performed the following audit procedures over
             inventory of $3.5 million. Given the size     inventory existence and valuation:
             of the inventory balance as compared to             We gained an understanding of management’s
             the total assets of the Group and that the           processes and controls for obtaining and
             inventory is held at third party locations,          confirming the quantity and condition of
             the existence and valuation of inventory             inventories held by third parties.
             is a key audit matter.
                                                                 We obtained third party confirmations and
             Refer to note 3.1c of the financial                  assessed the reliability of these confirmations,
             statements - Inventory.                              by checking that the third party warehouses
                                                                  are genuine companies and confirmations
                                                                  were received directly from third party
                                                                  warehouse personnel. We also reviewed the
                                                                  Group’s contracts with these third party
                                                                  warehouses.
                                                                 We tested the cost of inventory, on a sample
                                                                  basis, to supplier invoices.
                                                                 We gained an understanding of the Group’s
                                                                  inventory provisioning process, which
                                                                  involves a monthly line by line review of
                                                                  inventory. Judgement is involved in
                                                                  determining the amount of provision assigned
                                                                  to specific stock lines based on condition and
                                                                  relative recovery value.
                                                                 We considered the impact on older products
                                                                  and the potential risk of obsolescence given
                                                                  the introduction of newer models, such as the
                                                                  ECR2 motor.
                                                                 We tested the reliability of management’s
                                                                  provisions by assessing the actual inventory
                                                                  write off in 2016 against the provision.
                                                              From the procedures performed, we have no
                                                              matters to report.


            Information other than the financial statements and auditor’s report
            The Directors are responsible for the annual report. The annual report is expected to be made available
            to us after the date of this auditor’s report.

            Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information included in
            the annual report and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion on the other information. In
            connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
            other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
            with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise


52 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
appears to be materially misstated. If, when we read the annual report, we conclude that there is a
material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the consolidated financial statements
The Directors are responsible, on behalf of the Company, for the preparation and fair presentation of
the consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal
control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate
the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements, as a whole, are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs NZ and ISAs will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located at the
External Reporting Board’s website at:

https://xrb.govt.nz/Site/Auditing_Assurance_Standards/Current_Standards/Page1.aspx

This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

Who we report to
This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state those matters which we are required to state to them in an auditor’s
report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our
audit work, for this report or for the opinions we have formed.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Julian Prior.

For and on behalf of:




Chartered Accountants                                                                         Auckland
1 March 2017




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2016     53
      Statutory Information
      Introduction
      Directors have resolved that no dividend be declared payable.

      The Company does not have a credit rating.


      Remuneration of Directors
      During the year the following remuneration was paid or payable to directors:
                                                                                                   2016             2015

      Mr T. Nowell                                                                            $50,000           $50,000
      Dr L. Jacobs                                                                            $30,000           $30,000
                        1.
      Mr G. Pausch                                                                            $30,000           $30,000
                             2.
      Mr J. McMahon                                                                           $30,000           $30,000
                        3.
      Mr S. R. Beck                                                                           $22,500           $30,000

      Note
      1. Fees for Mr G. Pausch are paid to Board Advisory Services Ltd.
      2. Fees for Mr J. McMahon are paid to Meta Capital Ltd.
      3. Mr Beck resigned as a director on 30 September 2016.



      Interested Transactions
      The Directors have disclosed the following transactions with the Company:

      • Interested Transactions – There have been no transactions during the year with interested or related parties.
      • Directors’ Remuneration – Remuneration details of Directors are provided above.
      • Indemnification and insurance of officers and directors – The Company indemnifies directors and executive
        officers of the Group against all liabilities which arise out of the performance of their normal duties as director or
        executive officer, unless the liability relates to conduct involving lack of good faith. To manage this risk, the Group
        has indemnity insurance. The total cost of this insurance expensed during the year ended 31 December 2016 was
        $50,769 (2015 - $51,975).
      • Directors’ Share Transactions – Shawn Beck resigned from the board during the year and has retained his
        shareholding interests in Wellington at year-end. Other than this, no changes in directors shareholding have
        occurred during the year. Details of numbers of shares held by directors are shown below.
      • Directors’ Loans - There were no loans by the Company to Directors.
      • Key Management Share Transactions - In April 2016 key management were issued 2,798,139 part paid ordinary
        shares and 414,650 US Share Options; In September 2016 key management were issued 192,431 part paid
        ordinary shares; During 2016 changes in the organisation chart resulted in 50,000 part paid shares being deemed
        to be held by key management.
         Note Key management personal include the Directors, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all the senior executives who report directly to the
         CEO. For the purposes of these disclosures directors interests are disclosed separately to other key management.

      • The Board received no notices during the year from directors requesting to use Company information received in
        their capacity as directors which would not otherwise have been available to them.




54 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Directors’ Shareholding
                                                             31 December 2016                                    31 December 2015
Ordinary shares                               Total Relevant Interest           Direct            Total Relevant Interest            Direct

Mr T. Nowell                                            262,708                           -                  262,708                           -
Mr J. McMahon                                        9,055,285                            -                9,055,285                           -
Mr G. Pausch                                                      -           1,000,000                               -            1,000,000
Mr S. R. Beck                                                 n/a                       n/a                  842,074                           -
Convertible preference shares
Mr T. Nowell                                              17,750                          -                    17,750                          -
Mr J. McMahon                                           911,057                           -                  911,057                           -
Notes: Mr Beck resigned as a director during the year – his 2016 balances are shown as n/a for this reason. Further details of the movements in the
shareholdings of directors are provided above under Interested Transactions.


Employees
The number of employees, other than Directors, within the Group receiving remuneration and benefits above
$100,000, as is required to be disclosed in accordance with section 211(1) (g) of the Companies Act 1993, is
indicated in the following table.
                                                                                         GROUP
                                                                                  2016              2015
$100,000 - $109,999                                                                 3                 1
$110,000 - $119,999                                                                 3                 5
$120,000 - $129,999                                                                 5                 2
$130,000 - $139,999                                                                 -                 2
$160,000 - $169,999                                                                 -                 1
$170,000 - $179,999                                                                 2                  -
$180,000 - $189,999                                                                 1                  -
$190,000 - $199,999                                                                 1                 2
$200,000 - $209,999                                                                 1                  -
$210,000 - $219,999                                                                 1                 1
$220,000 - $229,999                                                                 -                 1
$230,000 - $239,999                                                                 1                 1
$290,000 - $299,999                                                                 1                 1
$390,000 - $399,999                                                                 1                  -
$450,000 - $459,999                                                                 -                 1

NZX Waivers
In accordance with NZ Stock Exchange Listing Rule 10.5.3(f), there were no waivers granted by the NZ Exchange
during the year ended 31 December 2016.

Auditors
In accordance with Section 200 of the Companies’ Act 1993, the auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers, continue in office.

For and on behalf of the Board




.....................................

T. Nowell, CNZM
Chairman
14 March 2017




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2016     55
      Shareholder Information
      Shareholders
      As at 31 December 2016 there were 2,440 shareholders holding 231,684,047 fully paid ordinary shares and 225
      shareholders holding 25,211,740 convertible preference shares.


      Share Issues
      Issues to staff pursuant to the Company’s long term incentive scheme are outlined in notes 4.3 and 6.2 to the
      Financial Statements.

      There were no other issues of ordinary or preference shares in 2016.


      Shareholder Details
      The ordinary shares of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited are listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange. The
      information in the disclosures below has been taken from the Company’s registers at 3 March 2017:

                                                                                                                                               Convertible
      20 largest shareholders                                                                                     Ordinary Shares              Preference
                                                                                                                                                         2.
                                                                                                                                                 Shares
                                                               1.
      1.      N.Z. Central Securities Depository Ltd                                                                  93,372,903             21,663,593
      2.      East West Manufacturing LLC                                                                             19,433,333                             -
      3.      Wairahi Trust                                                                                           10,100,000                             -
      4.      Investment Custodial Services Ltd                                                                         9,846,005                   1,781
      5.      ASB Nominees Ltd (Account 574233)                                                                         9,055,285                911,057
      6.      Graham Trustees Ltd                                                                                       8,126,686                372,000
      7.      Flynn No 2 Trustees Ltd                                                                                   4,874,291                            -
      8.      R.D. Armstrong                                                                                            4,487,030                            -
      9.      FNZ Custodians Ltd                                                                                        3,326,204                  14,033
      10.     Forsyth Barr Custodians Ltd                                                                               2,195,298                  11,719
      11.     ASB Nominees (Account 317485)                                                                             2,000,000                  30,000
      12.     G. Allen                                                                                                  1,980,897                  19,231
      13.     Leveraged Equities Finance Ltd                                                                            1,950,000                            -
      14.     Tane Nui Family Trust                                                                                     1,650,000                            -
      15.     H. D. Milliner                                                                                            1,589,277                  38,462
      16      Rivendale Trust                                                                                           1,486,846                            -
      17.     B.D Lobb                                                                                                  1,310,384                  62,077
      18.     R.& S. Jackson Family Trust                                                                               1,000,000                  50,000
      19.     G. Pausch                                                                                                 1,000,000                            -
      20.     Shawn Beck Trust                                                                                            842,074                            -

      Note 1. N.Z. Central Deposit Securities Depository Limited hold shares on trust for 11 different shareholders. The largest of these are: BNP Paribas
      Nominees (N.Z.) Ltd – 67,848,862; N.Z. Permanent Trustees Ltd – 8,750,000 shares; TEA Custodians Ltd – 5,034,958 shares; Accident Compensation
      Corporation – 3,597,804 shares; JPMorgan Chase Bank NA – 3,020,851 shares; Guardian Nominees No 2 Account – 2,077,078; and National
      Nominees N.Z. Ltd – 1,558,437 shares.
      Note 2. Holdings of convertible preference shares are not ranked largest to smallest.




56 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Distribution of Equity Securities
                                                                                         Shareholders                   Fully Paid Ordinary Shares
Size of Holdings (at 3 March 2017)                                                 Number                %                 Number                   %

                     1               -              999                                    999            40.77                  337,883              0.15
               1,000                 -              1,999                                  233               9.51                312,511              0.13
               2,000                 -              4,999                                  338            13.80               1,054,386               0.45
               5,000                 -              9,999                                  229               9.35             1,591,818               0.69
             10,000                  -              49,999                                 408            16.65               9,215,891               3.98
             50,000                  -              99,999                                   91              3.71             5,693,634               2.46
            100,000                  -              499,999                                113               4.61            22,264,163               9.61
            500,000                  -              999,999                                  20              0.82            13,013,955               5.62
                 over                               1,000,000                                19              0.78          178,199,806              76.91
                                                                                         2,450           100.00            231,684,047            100.00

2,326 (or 94.9%) shareholders, holding 203,552,640 shares (or 87.9%) reside in New Zealand.


Substantial Security Holders
Pursuant to section 26 of the Securities Markets Act 1988, details of substantial security holders and their total
relevant interests as per their most recent notices are:
                                                                                                                                  #
Name                                                                                                         Number of shares           Date of Notice

Smartshares Limited (Custodian – BNP Paribas Nominees (NZ) Ltd)                                                  64,409,535              2 Nov 2016
East West Manufacturing LLC                                                                                      10,600,000             17 Sep 2013
#
 Number of shares is taken from notices received. No adjustments have been made for changes that may have subsequently occurred from the
dates of notices stated. The definition of “relevant interest” in the Securities Markets Act 1988 provides that more than one relevant interest can exist in
respect of the same securities.
During the year SuperLife Trustee Nominees Ltd and Harbour Asset Management Ltd ceased to be a Substantial Security Holder.


Shareholder Enquires
Shareholders should send changes of address to Computershare Investor Services Limited at the address noted
in the Directory on page 61.  Notification must be in writing.  Questions relating to shareholdings should also be
addressed to Computershare Investor Services Limited. For information about the group please contact the company
at the registered office by sending an email to info@wdtl.com or visit our website http:/www.wdtl.com.

Announcements to Shareholders
The company has established an email list of shareholders that want to receive announcements made by Wellington
Drive to the New Zealand Stock Exchange. Announcements are emailed to shareholders who wish to receive them
shortly after they are released. This will include the Annual Meeting addresses. If you want to be added to this listing,
please email info@wdtl.com and advise us of your email address. Your email details will be kept confidential.

Announcements are also posted on our website www.wdtl.com normally the day after they are released.




                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2016       57
      Corporate Governance
      The Board of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited is committed to acting with integrity and expects high standards
      of behaviour and accountability from all its officers and staff.

      Role of the Board
      The Board’s primary objective is the enhancement of shareholder value by following appropriate ethical strategies,
      and ensuring effective and innovative use of available Company resources. The Board is responsible for the
      management, supervision, and direction of the Group. Day-to-day management of the Group is delegated to the
      Chief Executive.

      Compliance
      The governance principles adopted by the Board are designed to meet best practice recommendations for listed
      companies to the extent that it is appropriate to the size and nature of Wellington’s operations. The Board endorses
      the overall principles embodied in the N.Z. Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Best Practice Code and believes
      the company’s corporate governance principles, policies and practices do not materially differ from best practice
      principles.

      Board Meetings
      The Board normally meets nine to eleven times each year for scheduled meetings. Additional meetings are held
      where specific matters require attention between scheduled meetings. Board meetings are used to monitor,
      challenge, develop, and fully understand business and operational issues.

      Composition of the Board
      The Constitution provides that there will be not less than three and not more than eight directors. N.Z. Stock
      Exchange requirements are that at least two directors or one-third, are independent directors. The Board has four
      directors, all of whom are independent. Profiles of Directors are given on Page 16.

      Criteria for Board Membership
      When a vacancy arises, the Board identifies candidates with a mix of capabilities and perspectives considered
      necessary for the Board to carry out its responsibilities effectively. A director appointed by the Board must stand for
      election at the next Annual Meeting. At each Annual Meeting one-third of directors must retire by rotation. Retiring
      directors are eligible for re-election.

      Non-executive Directors’ Remuneration
      The fees payable to non-executive directors are determined by the Board within the aggregate amount approved by
      shareholders. The Board considers the advice of independent remuneration consultants when setting remuneration
      levels. The current directors’ fee pool limit is $200,000 which was approved by the shareholders at the 14 November
      2006 annual meeting of shareholders.

      Details of the remuneration paid to directors are disclosed on Page 54 in the Annual Report.

      Board Committees
      The Board has established four committees to guide and assist the Board with overseeing certain aspects of
      corporate governance. These committees are the Audit Committee, the Technology and Innovation Committee, the
      Executive Appointment and Remuneration Committee and the Risk Committee. Each sub-committee is empowered
      to seek any information it requires from employees in pursuing its duties and to obtain independent legal or other
      professional advice. The Company has not established a nomination committee, believing these matters are best
      dealt with by the full Board.

      Audit Committee
      The Audit Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and is accountable to the Board for:
      overseeing the quality and integrity of external financial reporting including the accuracy, completeness and timeliness




58 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
of financial statements; the appropriateness of accounting policies, areas of judgement, compliance with accounting
standards, stock exchange and legal requirements; and the business’s relationship with, and the independence of,
the external auditor.

The committee also approves any non-audit work carried out by the Company’s auditor and ensures that the lead
partner in the audit firm is rotated every five years.

The committee is composed of three non-executive directors, all of whom are independent.

The current members are Tony Nowell (Chairman), Lisbeth Jacobs and John McMahon.

Risk Committee
The Risk Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and is accountable to the Board for the
maintenance of an effective business risk management framework including credit, liquidity, market, insurance,
operational, regulatory and reputational risks.

The current members are Tony Nowell (Interim Chairman) and Gottfried Pausch.

Executive Appointment and Remuneration Committee
The Executive Appointment and Remuneration Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and
is accountable to the Board for: the remuneration and appointment of the senior executive team; management
succession planning; reviewing and approving compensation arrangements; establishing employee incentive
schemes; and the remuneration of the Board. The committee also advises on proposals for significant company-
wide remuneration policies and programmes. In carrying out this role, the sub-committee operates independently of
senior management of the Company, and obtains independent advice on the appropriateness of the remuneration
packages.

The current members are Gottfried Pausch (Chairman), Tony Nowell and John McMahon.

Technology & Innovation Committee
The Technology & Innovation Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and is accountable to
the Board for overseeing and providing counsel on overall strategy, direction and effectiveness of technology and
innovation activities.

The current members are Lisbeth Jacobs (Chairwoman) and Gottfried Pausch.

Health and Safety
Wellington is committed to maintaining a safe and healthy workplace and believes all accidents are preventable.
To achieve this company has a Health and Safety Committee that meets monthly and reports to the Board. The
Committee is made up of a mix of senior management and staff from key operational areas. The Committee strives
to: maintain and continually improve our Health and Safety systems; proactively identify hazards and take all steps
to eliminate or mitigate these; consult and actively promote participation in Health and Safety matters throughout the
Company.

Trading in shares
Wellington is committed to transparency and fairness in dealing with all of its stakeholders and to ensuring adherence
to all applicable laws and regulations.

Wellington has a detailed insider trading policy applying to all directors and employees. No director or employee
may use confidential unpublished price sensitive information in his or her position to engage in securities trading for
personal benefit or to provide benefit to any third party. Short term trading in Wellington shares and buying or selling
(while in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information) is strictly prohibited.

All directors and employees must obtain consent to trade in securities prior to trading. All members of the Board
need to consent to the application. Once these consents have been received the Chairman of the Wellington Board
or (where the Chairman is unavailable) the Chairman of the Board’s Audit Committee, will approve or decline the
application. The Company monitors trading and reports any share movements to the Board at every meeting.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2016   59
      Relationship with the Independent Auditor
      The Company has adopted a policy to ensure that audit independence is maintained, both in fact and appearance,
      such that Wellington’s external financial reporting is viewed as being reliable and credible. The policy covers the
      following areas:

      • The external auditor must remain independent of the Company at all times and comply with the New Zealand
        Institute of Chartered Accountants’ (NZICA) Code of Ethics;
      • The external auditor must monitor its independence and report to the Board that it has remained independent;
      • Guidelines in relation to the provision of non-audit services by the external auditor in order that the provision of
        such services does not impair the external auditor’s independence or objectivity; and
      • The audit firm may be permitted to provide non-audit services that are not considered to be in conflict with the
        preservation of the independence of the auditor subject to the approval of the Audit Committee.
      The Audit Committee must approve significant permissible non-audit work assignments that are awarded to an
      external auditor.

      Diversity Disclosure
      In accordance with Listing Rule 10.5.5(j) the Company makes the following diversity disclosures:


       31 December 2016                          Male                          Female                          Total

       All directors                                3                             1                              4
                                                  75%                            25%                           100%
       Officers                                     8                              -                             8
                                                 100%                              -                           100%
       31 December 2015
       All directors                                4                             1                              5
                                                  80%                            20%                           100%
       Officers                                    10                              -                             10
                                                 100%                              -                           100%

      Officers (or key management personnel) comprise the directors, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all the senior
      executives who report directly to the CEO. For the purposes of the above table, directors are disclosed separately to
      officers. The Company does not currently have a formal diversity policy.




60 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
Directory

  Directors                                             Address
  Tony Nowell, Chairman                                 21 Arrenway Drive
  Dr Lisbeth Jacobs                                     Rosedale, Auckland 0632, New Zealand
  John McMahon                                          PO Box 302-533, North Harbour
  Gottfried Pausch                                      Auckland 0751, New Zealand

  Senior Staff                                          Registered Office
  Greg Allen, Chief Executive Officer                   21 Arrenway Drive
  Steven Hodgson, Senior Vice President Commercial      Rosedale, Auckland 0632, New Zealand
  David Howell, Chief Technical Officer
  Howard Milliner, Chief Financial Officer              Auditor
  Marc Tinsel, Head of Manufacturing                    PricewaterhouseCoopers
  Peter Barnes, Global Quality Leader                   188 Quay Street, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
  Ali Karahasanoğlu, Sales Director, Europe / Eurasia
  Erick Layseca-Flores, Business Development            Banker
      Manager, Americas
                                                        Bank of New Zealand
  Clayton Thomas, Sales & Marketing Director, Asia /
      Pacific
                                                        Share Registry
  Gerardo Gonzalez, VP Intelligent Systems
      Business Unit                                     Computershare Investor Services Ltd,
  Ron Jackson, Secretary                                Private Bag 92119, Auckland 1142
                                                        New Zealand
  Phone/Fax
  Ph: 64-9-477 4500
  Fax: 64-9-479 5540

  Internet
  Website: www.wdtl.com
  Email: info@wdtl.com




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2016   61
Annual Report 2016


  www.wdtl.com
      WT8856
                     www.sussexdesign.co.nz
