Annual Report 2025




AoFrio
Annual Report
2025




                     1
AoFrio Ltd




Results at
a glance
Revenue                    Gross margin

Revenue up 4.4%            Gross margin up 2.6pp


$83.2million               31.7%
EBITDA                     App Utilisation

EBITDA up $1m              Up 31%


$3.5million                3.0million

Net Promoter Score (NPS)   Average staff engagement score



                           72%
NPS up 9 points


+62

2
Annual Report 2025




Table of
Contents
Chair and CEO review                     04
     FY25: Record revenue and earnings   04
     Financial performance               04
     Segment and SaaS-based reporting    07
     Strategy                            08
     Outlook for FY26                    14

AoFrio board                             16


AoFrio executive                         20


Sustainability report                    22


Financial statements                     32
     Statutory information               74
     Shareholder information             78
     Corporate Governance Statement      81


Contacts                                 95




                                          3
AoFrio Ltd




Chair and CEO review
                                 FY25: Record revenue and earnings
                                 We are pleased to provide our annual report that shows FY25 was another
                                 year of successful execution for AoFrio, despite macroeconomic headwinds
                                 following trade uncertainty with the announcement in April 2025 by the US
                                 President of Reciprocal Tariffs.

                                 Revenue for FY25 was $83.2 million, an increase of 4.4% year on year.
                                 FY25 EBITDA was consistent with guidance at $3.5 million, up from $2.5
                                 million in FY24.
             John Scott
              Chairman           During the year, our team successfully launched two major new products
                                 to support our growth strategy in the Cold Drink Equipment (CDE) market
                                 segment for FY26 and beyond, launched two new solutions to support our
                                 Motors and Fans business, and closed our first deal in the Food Retail
                                 market segment.

                                 In December 2025, AoFrio presented two growth strategy options to investors.
                                 The first option was based on using free cash flow generated from ongoing
                                 business to support steady growth. The second, and preferred option,
                                 outlined an accelerated growth trajectory that would require additional capital
                                 investment. The Board and management are continuing to explore options to
                                 support the second option.

             Greg Balla          Financial performance
       Chief Executive Officer
                                 In September 2025, AoFrio updated market guidance for the full year. The
                                 revised expectation was for revenue around $86 million and EBITDA around
                                 $3.5 million.

                                 We are now reporting full-year revenue of $83.2 million, up 4.4% on FY24. This
                                 is lower than guidance due to reduced US motor demand in Q4-25, the result
                                 of tariffs on USA imports.

                                 Revenue and margin performance are direct results of the implementation
                                 of our strategy as well as our focus on execution, partially offset by tariff
                                 uncertainties that affected some customer buying. The Internet of Things
                                 (IoT) segment delivered revenue of $47.1 million, up 8.9% on FY24 at a
                                 42.5% gross margin. Our Motors segment delivered revenue of $36.1 million,
                                 consistent with FY24, at a 17.7% gross margin.




4
Annual Report 2025




We are focused on delivering our longer-term strategic goal of growing revenue at an annual rate of 20% per annum
with 50% of the revenue recurring.


    Metric (NZ$m)                                             FY25                      FY24                 Variance
    Revenue                                                    83.2                      79.7                    + 3.5
        IoT                                                    47.1                      43.3                    + 3.8
        Motors                                                 36.1                      36.4                     - 0.3
    Gross Margin %                                           31.7%                    29.1%                    + 2.6pp
    EBITDA                                                       3.5                      2.5                    + 1.0
    Loss before tax                                            (2.0)                    (1.9)                     -0.1
    Loss for year                                              (2.1)                    (1.9)                     -0.2
    Net operating cash flow                                      3.8                      5.8                     -2.0

Revenue
We made significant progress on key strategic initiatives in FY25, which although not yet reflected in revenue growth,
is expected to increasingly contribute in FY26 and beyond.

In FY25, AoFrio shipped 661,000 IoT devices (FY24: 671,000) and 934,000 motors (FY24: 963,000).

AoFrio invoiced $4.8 million for cloud data connection and software development charges in FY25 compared to $5.3
million in FY24. This revenue is multi-year and is recognised in the Income Statement over the duration of the data
contract. At 31 December 2025, $17.8 million of revenue was deferred for recognition in subsequent periods (FY24:
$16.5 million).

North American year-on-year revenue growth was 8.2%. Highlights were:

▪     Launching IoT in the USA; In FY25, we supplied 5,000 bundled solutions (SCS and Gateway), generating
      invoiced revenue of $0.9 million. The launch of AoFrio’s always-on connected device in 2026 provides potential to
      significantly grow IoT revenue in the region.

▪     ECR® 2 motors into water heaters in the USA; AoFrio has continued to supply our ECR 2 motor to a major USA
      manufacturer of water heaters. Revenue in FY25 was $4.7 million (FY24: $4.9 million).

▪     ECR 2 motors to our largest USA motor customer increased from 230,000 in FY24 to 288,000 in FY25.




                                                                                                                          5
AoFrio Ltd




South American revenue, at $11.9 million, was 12.5%       Operating expenses
lower than FY24 reflecting reduced CDE demand in          Operating expenses for the year totalled $23.6 million,
the region.                                               reflecting an increase of $2.3 million compared to the
                                                          prior year.
APAC revenue for the year increased by 23.6%.
Highlights were:                                          Staff costs (including contractors) of $24.8 million
                                                          (pre-capitalised development) increased by $3.7
▪   Securing the first customer for our Food Retail       million. New roles were recruited in FY25 to support the
    market segment.                                       business growth plan; not as many as originally planned
                                                          because spending and investments are being carefully
▪   Securing first significant orders for our ECR 2 26W
    motor.                                                managed within the capability to internally self-fund our
                                                          growth plan.
▪   Winning a new CDE customer in the region for our
    ECR 2 motor.                                          Capitalised development time increased to $7.3 million
                                                          from $4.9 million in FY24. The increase reflects our
EMEA revenue at $5.8 million was 8.8% lower than          focus on new product development to progress AoFrio’s
FY24 due to lower demand for motors and aggressive        strategies of protecting and growing the CDE market
competitor pricing.                                       and diversification into new markets. These initiatives
                                                          include completing developments of a new connected
Gross margin                                              controller (SCS 800) and motor fan pack range (ECF 2)
FY25 gross margin was higher at 31.7%, compared           and launching the initial version of AoFrio iQ. AoFrio iQ
to 29.1% last year. The margin for IoT products was       is the company’s Software as a Service (SaaS) product
42.5%, up from 40.7% in FY24, and 17.7% for motors,       that transforms coolers into connected, intelligent
compared to 15.4% last year.                              assets, providing visibility, control, and insights to drive
                                                          performance, reduce costs, and unlock new value across
Other income                                              our customers’ entire fleet of bottle coolers.
We received a $0.8 million Research and Development
Tax Incentive payment in FY25 in respect of research      Finance costs
and development expenditure incurred in FY24 (FY24        Finance costs increased $0.3 million compared to
$0.5 million for FY23 expenditure incurred).              FY24, due to increased bank borrowings and extended




6
Annual Report 2025




payment terms made available by AoFrio’s contract manufacturer,
East West, to allow AoFrio to manage working capital increases.

Working capital
Cash at 31 December 2025 was $1.3 million compared to $2.1 million
at 31 December 2024. Net debt increased from $2.5 million at 31
December 2024 to $8.2 million at 31 December 2025.

There was pressure on working capital due to changes in customer
mix (increased sales to customers with longer payment terms and
                                                                          APAC
requiring local delivery) and higher inventory (longer shipping times).   revenue
Some customers have arranged trade financing, which will be
available in 2026 and will assist cash flow. Trade receivables were       increase
$1.1 million higher than 2024. Inventory was $2.0 million lower than      23.6%
2024 reflecting initiatives to reduce inventory holdings.

Trade payables at 31 December 2025 were $19.0 million, a $0.5
million decrease compared to 2024.

Segment and SaaS-based reporting
Alongside reporting for our traditional segments, we are providing
SaaS metrics appropriate for AoFrio. We will continue to align our
reporting to our strategy as it develops.

Rule of 40
The Rule of 40 is a financial metric used in the SaaS industry
to assess a company’s performance. It states that the sum of a
company’s annual revenue growth rate and EBITDA margin should
equal or exceed 40. Looking at all our segments, revenue growth in
FY25 was 4.4% and EBITDA was 4.2% of revenue, which calculates
to a metric of 8.6. This calculation includes the Motors and Fans
segment. If the calculation excludes Motors and Fans, which are not
part of our SaaS offering, then revenue growth in FY25 was 8.9%
and EBITDA (after deduction of a pro-rata share of unallocated
overheads) was 11.7%, resulting in a metric of 20.6. AoFrio presented
its aspirational growth strategy to investors in December 2025, which
showed the path to achieving the metric.




                                                                                     7
AoFrio Ltd




Recurring revenue
Associated with the supply of IoT hardware, AoFrio provides a range of data
and reporting services, installed on every AoFrio SCS and AoFrio Monitor sold.
Revenue from the provision of such services is recognised typically over a period
from one to ten years. In FY25 we invoiced $4.8 million of recurring revenue and
recognised $3.2 million which is 3.8% of total revenue. Our longer-term target is
for recurring revenue to be 50% of total revenue. The Balance Sheet holds $17.8
million, which is deferred for revenue recognition in future periods.

Number of connected devices
There were 3.2 million devices connected to the AoFrio cloud at 31 December
2025, an increase of 578,000 (22%) over 2024. As more devices connect to our
cloud, the quality of our fleet insights improves, creating greater opportunities to
generate additional revenue from the value-added services in development.

App utilisation
Our app utilisation was 3.0 million. This is a measure of the number of times
customers interacted with our software, an increase of 709,000 compared to FY24.

Uptime
This is a measure of the time our platform was available to customers. The rate for
FY25 was 99.4%, consistent with the rate achieved in FY24.

Strategy
AoFrio’s growth strategy is built on three interconnected pillars designed to
improve revenue, resilience, and solve high-value customer problems. Together
these pillars guide the company’s evolution from a hardware‑led business to a
hardware‑enabled, AI‑powered SaaS company.

1. Protect and Grow the Core
The first part of this strategy focuses on strengthening AoFrio’s leadership in
the CDE market by protecting market share in LATAM and expanding into the
USA, Europe, and APAC. We are working towards achieving this by delivering
higher‑value connected solutions, enabling customers to connect their complete
fleets, and providing industry‑benchmark customer support.

The second part of this strategy is centred on protecting margin in our Motors
and Fans business by introducing new products, expanding into new solution
applications, and driving targeted cost‑reduction initiatives.




8
Annual Report 2025




                     9
AoFrio Ltd




2. Diversify Our Market Segments                              important lever for accelerating our ability to connect our
To improve revenue quality and reduce reliance on             customers’ whole fleet in a single view.
a single segment, AoFrio is expanding into adjacent
markets with similar operational challenges, specifically     What this meant in practice in FY25
Food Retail and Chilled and Frozen Foods. This strategy
aims to build a higher‑margin recurring revenue base by       ▪   Cellular controller was delivered as planned: the
applying AoFrio’s proven capabilities to similar use cases.       SCS 800 was launched in June, enabling real‑time
                                                                  visibility and remote management options for
                                                                  customers.
3. Transform Our Foundations
AoFrio’s transformation strategy ensures the organisation     ▪   Geographic expansion under way: trial customer
has the capabilities, systems, and operating model                deployments of the SCS 800 took place across US
required for its evolution into a hardware‑enabled,               and Europe from FY25 Q3, positioning AoFrio for the
AI‑powered SaaS business. We are building                         FY26 buying window.
organisational capability in product development,
                                                              ▪   Fleet inclusivity improved: continued work on
software engineering, machine learning/AI, and                    third‑party data integration and retrofit options to
solution selling.                                                 bring more of customers’ “unconnected” installed
                                                                  base into the platform.
Protect and grow the core
                                                              2) Protecting Existing Market Share
CDE market segment
                                                              We defended our high market share positions in LATAM
In FY25, we strengthened leadership in the CDE segment
                                                              by pairing our trusted hardware footprint with AoFrio iQ,
and executed against a clear plan to (1) connect the
                                                              and by applying strategic pricing in response to market
customer’s whole fleet, (2) protect existing market share,
                                                              conditions. We helped customers lift data‑collection
and (3) add new value to customer solutions through our
                                                              frequency and platform use, directly improving the value
hardware‑enabled SaaS platform.
                                                              of insights they receive and making our solution stickier
                                                              in day‑to‑day operations. We also maintained strong
1) Connect the customer’s whole fleet
                                                              in‑market support, which remains a differentiator for
In FY25 we broadened the portion of the global CDE fleet
                                                              execution quality and time‑to‑value in the region. This is
we can serve by launching two foundational elements of
                                                              reflected in our 2025 Net Promoter Score result of +62,
our innovation roadmap: the SCS 800 cellular‑connected
                                                              up 9 points year on year.
controller and AoFrio iQ, our modernised SaaS platform.
Together, these extend our addressable footprint
                                                              What this meant in practice in FY25
and meet major brand requirements for always‑on
connectivity, real‑time insight, and remote fleet             ▪   Defend market share in core markets: commercial
management.                                                       and pricing actions were used to protect positions in
                                                                  South and North LATAM.
The SCS 800 supports entry into Europe and the USA,
where cellular has become the preferred standard.             ▪   Closer operational engagement: customer
                                                                  programmes focused on increasing data rates and
Customer trials in both regions commenced in Q3‑25 to
                                                                  using iQ capabilities to address customer problems
align with FY26/27 capital purchase cycles.                       such as asset loss, misuse, and out‑of‑range
                                                                  temperature, plus areas related to sales performance
Through FY25, we also continued to develop our retrofit           and service cost.
and integration pathways so bottle cooler data from
mixed hardware fleets, including third-party and retrofit
hardware, can be unified within AoFrio iQ. This is an




10
Annual Report 2025




▪   Execution discipline: AoFrio’s local teams supporting iQ customer
    trials, sustaining the trust we have built with OEMs, bottlers and
    brands.

3) Adding New Value to Solutions
The launch of AoFrio iQ in FY25 materially advanced how customers
access and act on fleet insights. AoFrio iQ delivers clear value across
Asset Management, Service & Maintenance, Energy Management,
and Commercial Performance, and when paired with the SCS 800,             2025 Net
enables a range of remote management options that improve uptime,
sales performance, and energy consumption.                                Promoter Score
                                                                          was +62, up 9
What this meant in practice in FY25
                                                                          points year
▪   Trials underway: By the end of 2025, iQ was being trialled across
    10 customers with pace of adoption expected to accelerate             on year
    through 2026.

▪   Operational impact: SCS 800 + iQ enabled always‑on visibility
    and remote actions that lower service cost and risk while
    improving availability.

▪   Commercial impact: iQ surfaced “where to act first” insights (e.g.,
    zero‑sale coolers, temperature outliers, suspected misuse),
    supporting revenue protection and better fleet ROI.

▪   Energy impact: iQ and our connected controller stack supported
    energy‑efficiency initiatives consistent with customers’ ESG
    goals, building on independently validated savings potential in
    AoFrio solutions.

▪   Economics at scale: Large, fully connected fleets can deliver
    meaningful lifetime savings through fewer service visits, reduced
    asset loss, and improved energy discipline. Our internal estimates
    suggest that a bottler using the full AoFrio iQ solution operating
    150,000 connected coolers could achieve annual savings of
    approximately US$9.1 million, a 5.1× return on investment over
    the life of the cooler.




                                                                                           11
AoFrio Ltd




Solving the
customers’ problem
AoFrio iQ has been built upon a deep understanding of the issues faced by
the commercial refrigeration industry.




Asset management
6% of coolers are lost or stolen annually




Commercial performance
Only 25% of coolers operate in the ideal
temperature range for optimum sales rate




Service and maintenance
20% of coolers require a costly service
visit annually




Energy and sustainability
Refrigeration equipment accounts for
approximately 35% of a cold drink’s
carbon footprint




12
Annual Report 2025




Motors and Fans strategy execution                            (SCS 800 and iQ) under our Protect and Grow the
In FY25, AoFrio’s Motors and Fans business continued          Core strategy. As a result, investment in diversification
to perform strongly as a core contributor to our strategy.    progressed at a measured pace, with several important
Our objective in FY25 was to protect the gross profit we      milestones achieved.
generate, and this was achieved. While significant price
pressure and tariff changes impacted this commoditised        Developing the first Food Retail solution
category, our disciplined focus on innovation, cost           During the year, we advanced development of the
management and targeted application wins ensured              software required for the first release of our Food Retail
we maintained competitiveness and protected margin,           solution, which is on track for completion in Q1 FY26. We
despite tariff uncertainties impacting negatively on          also released the first version of the AoFrio Food Retail
revenue.                                                      iOS and Android mobile apps to their respective app
                                                              stores, providing an essential interface for operators in
Portfolio expansion and innovation                            retail environments.
Building on the success of the ECR 2 motor, we
expanded our offering with new fan pack sizes that            Supporting early customers and proof‑of‑concept
unlocked additional commercial opportunities, while           trials
the ECR 2 continued to open doors in new market               We secured our first multi‑year Food Retail customer
applications.                                                 agreement in FY25, covering 115 outlets with an average
                                                              of 10 assets per store. In addition, we signed a second
During FY25 we released eight new fan pack products,          customer in the Chilled and Frozen Food sector to
which delivered initial sales in Q3 and Q4. Uptake            connect approximately 3,500 pet‑food storage freezers.
is expected to accelerate through 2026 as customer            Throughout the year, we continued to support these
qualification programmes progress.                            customers to ensure successful deployment and validate
                                                              product‑market fit.
We also secured a new opportunity for the Motors
portfolio through the introduction of the ECR 2 into          We also progressed two additional trials with large Food
agitators for chiller units used in soda and draft beer       Retailers in Thailand and Chile. Both customers have
dispensers. Selected for its energy efficiency, reliability   signalled interest in advancing to the next stage following
and robustness, the first customer order was placed in        the completion of their evaluation phases.
Q3, with initial deliveries completed in Q4.
                                                              Transforming our foundations
Diversify our market segments
                                                              AoFrio’s evolution from a hardware manufacturer to
Beyond our core CDE market, there are adjacent sectors        an IoT innovator, and now to a hardware-enabled
with similar customer pain points that AoFrio is uniquely     SaaS business, has required significant uplift in our
positioned to solve. In FY25, we continued to focus           capabilities, processes, and systems. This transformation
on two priority segments: Food Retail and Chilled and         is foundational to delivering our strategic ambitions and
Frozen Foods (previously referred to as the Ice               adapting to rapidly changing market conditions. It is about
Cream segment).                                               ensuring we have the right people empowered by the
                                                              right environment, tools, and systems to execute
The purpose of this diversification strategy is to build a    our strategy.
higher‑margin recurring revenue base while reducing
dependence on the CDE segment. Although this strategy         In 2025, we undertook a comprehensive program of
remains critical to AoFrio’s long‑term growth, in FY25        work that strengthened our business and positioned us
we prioritised delivery of two major product launches         for scale. This included delivering high-quality, impactful




                                                                                                                            13
AoFrio Ltd




product launches, achieving a strong staff engagement       ▪   Work around pay equity reviews and workforce
score of 72% and enhancing our resilience through               planning.
ongoing IT and cyber security initiatives and responsible
AI adoption. We also continued to advance our ESG and       Outlook for FY26
sustainability commitments, ensuring our operations and
                                                            At the Investor Day in December 2025, AoFrio set out
innovation pathways support long‑term environmental
                                                            two future options for growth, one funded from its own
and social value.
                                                            operating cash flows, to grow revenue at a 10% CAGR
                                                            and one aspirational path with additional capital to grow
In FY25 we made progress against each of the elements
                                                            revenue at a 25% CAGR.
of this strategy:
                                                            The aspirational target is for revenue to more than triple
Organisation Process Effectiveness: AI, Lean
                                                            over the next five years to reach $300 million by FY30.
and Design
                                                            This can be achieved through an expansion of AoFrio’s
▪ Scaling the practical use of artificial intelligence
   across the business in everyday workflows.               smart refrigeration solutions into new territories and
                                                            through the diversification of the business into adjacent
▪    Continued investment in Lean and Agile ways            markets. Under this scenario, EBITDA is targeted to
     of working, to build a culture of continuous           reach $50 million in FY30.
     improvement.
                                                            Several of the Company’s shareholders have indicated
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                  support for the higher growth strategy. The Board is
▪ Maintaining our EcoVadis certification, a global          continuing to investigate options for capital to support the
   environment, social and governance rating system.
                                                            Company’s higher-growth strategy.
▪    Rollout of a new global OSH reporting system.
                                                            There will be opportunities in FY26 to deliver revenue
▪    Completion of a CIS v8 security assessment.            growth:

▪    Introduction of a Sustainable Supplier Policy to       ▪   SCS 800, the Company’s cellular controller has
     embed clearer environmental and ethical standard           been released for customer trials and is undergoing
     requirements across new supplier relationships.            final testing and certification. We expect to have
                                                                the product commercially released in May 2026.
A detailed report on our progress against our                   We initially expected the adoption of cellular over
                                                                Bluetooth connectivity in Latin America to occur
sustainability strategy and ESG initiatives can be found
                                                                slowly, however, there are encouraging signs that
on page 22 of this report.                                      adoption may be more rapid. Unit revenues for
                                                                cellular products are more than double Bluetooth
People and Culture                                              products.
▪ Maintaining an engaged workforce, as reflected by
   our Employee Engagement Score of 72%, Increased          ▪   AoFrio iQ, our modernised SaaS platform is being
   resources and capabilities in our software and               trialled by early-adopter customers. We expect to
   platform teams.                                              have the base solution available commercially in
                                                                Q3-26.
▪    Introduced new employee health and wellness
     benefits.
                                                            ▪   At the close of FY25, new sizes for fan packs were
▪    Increased engagement between regional teams and            launched.
     head office.




14
Annual Report 2025




There are also challenges in 2026:

▪   USA tariffs are expected to impact motor
    volumes in FY26. Our largest motor customer
    in the USA has advised that they will onshore
    motor supply in FY26 to avoid the tariff that
    applies on our Vietnam-supplied ECR 2
    motors. In FY25 this customer’s revenue
    was US$5.6 million. We are in discussions to
    mitigate the impact of this on FY26.

▪   The expected strengthening of the NZD
    against the USD adversely impacts
    reported revenues and profit. AoFrio’s FY26
    expectations are based on a 0.606 NZD /
    USD exchange rate.

Given the impacts of trade and currency volatility,
providing a guidance range is challenging.
However, we are expecting an improvement in
revenue and EBITDA in FY26 over FY25 and we
will update our outlook as the year progresses.




John Scott                   Greg Balla		
Chairman                     Chief Executive Officer




                                                       15
AoFrio Ltd




AoFrio Board
             John Scott | Chairman, Independent Director
             John Scott, Chairman of the AoFrio board,    As AoFrio continues to grow its share in
             brings extensive experience in global        core markets and expand into new ones,
             technology, digital transformation, and      John’s experience in scaling world-beating
             business strategy. Based in New Zealand,     technology companies will be critical.
             John has been instrumental in leading        Recognised as a strategic long-term
             innovative technology companies to           thinker, he will play a pivotal role in guiding
             international success. As the former CEO     AoFrio through its next phase of expansion
             of Invenco and a key executive at Navico,    and market leadership. His ability to offer
             he has driven high-growth teams, scaled      strategic insights has been acknowledged
             global businesses, and spearheaded           as a key factor in AoFrio’s success,
             strategic change. His strong background      particularly in driving rapid growth and
             in technology, product innovation, and       market entry.
             business transformation has positioned him
             as a leader in the industry.



             John McMahon | Independent Director
             John McMahon brings over 30 years            currently serves as Director and Chair of
             of experience in the Australasian            Solution Dynamics Ltd (SDL) and NZX Ltd
             equity markets, with a focus on              (NZX). His extensive expertise in equity
             telecommunications, media, gaming,           analysis and leadership in major financial
             transport, and industrials. His previous     institutions positions him as an asset to
             roles include Head of Research and           AoFrio’s strategic direction and growth.
             Head of Equities for ABN AMRO NZ and
             Managing Director of ASB Securities. John



             Greg Allen | Independent Director
             Greg Allen is a Partner at Chrysalix         the City of Richmond, British Columbia.
             Venture Capital, a global venture capital    He began his career in electronics and
             firm headquartered in Vancouver, Canada,     radio systems through service in the New
             specialising in deep tech, industrial        Zealand Army, later earning an MBA from
             innovation, and resource productivity. He    Edinburgh Napier University. Greg also
             serves on the Board of Directors of HaiLa    holds the ICD.D designation from the
             Technologies, a Canadian semiconductor       Institute of Corporate Directors, reflecting
             start-up, and acts as a board observer       his commitment to strong governance and
             for several international growth-stage       board leadership.
             companies. In addition, Greg is a member
             of the Economic Advisory Committee for



16
Annual Report 2025




                     Keith Oliver | Independent Director
                     Keith Oliver is the Chairman of Blackhawk.    tech companies and his strategic vision
                     io and a director at VWork Limited and        in technology and innovation make him a
                     Alto Capital. His previous roles include      critical contributor to AoFrio’s board, guiding
                     Executive Chairman at high-tech company       the company towards sustained growth and
                     Compac Sorting Ltd and the science-led        industry leadership.
                     Crown Research Institute ESR. Keith’s
                     extensive experience in leading high-



                     Roz Buick | Independent Director
                     With 27 years of experience, Roz Buick        now consults and serves on boards of
                     has led digital transformation and workflow   global tech companies, including ikeGPS,
                     reengineering across hardware, SaaS,          FRAMECAD, and Propeller Aero, bringing
                     and software platforms. As a catalyst for     invaluable expertise to AoFrio’s growth
                     change, she has driven growth through         plans.
                     strategic product and market strategies in
                     various sectors. Previously a Senior Vice
                     President at Oracle and Trimble Inc, Roz




                                                                                                               17
AoFrio Ltd




AoFrio Board Skill Set
AoFrio’s Board Skill Set Matrix highlights the distribution of skills across the board, indicating how many directors
contribute expertise in each domain. This helps the board understand its overall capability profile and informs future
succession and development planning.




Strategic & Growth Leadership                                     5/5     Global Market & Channel Development                               4/5

▪    Experience in developing and implementing successful and             ▪   Experience and understanding of international business dynamics
     sustainable growth strategies across diverse markets and                 across North America, Europe, LATAM, and APAC including
     industries.                                                              exposure to CDE and Food Retail markets.
▪    Proven ability to assess strategic options and guide long-term       ▪   Proven capability in building and managing global distribution
     value creation initiatives.                                              channels and strategic partnerships.
▪    Experience in marketing strategy and brand positioning, increasing   ▪   Experience in scaling technology platforms and navigating
     market visibility, customer engagement and commercial impact.            commercial models across diverse geographies.




Transformation & Change Leadership                                5/5     SaaS & Data-Driven Business Expertise                             3/5

▪    Experience in leading organisational transformation, including       ▪   Experience leading transformation of traditional businesses
     cultural change and digital enablement.                                  into SaaS-enabled platforms, including the adoption of cloud-
▪    Understanding of agile leadership, innovation culture, and high-         native architectures to support scalability, integration and global
     performance team development.                                            deployment.
▪    Experience navigating differing business models and the potential    ▪   Understanding of recurring revenue models, data monetisation,
     for disruptive practices to reshape customer expectations,               and platform scalability with emphasis on leveraging cloud
     operational structures, and supply chains.                               infrastructure




Solution Selling & Customer
Relationship Management
                                                                  4/5     ESG & Sustainability Leadership                                   3/5

▪    Experience in strategic account management and solution selling      ▪   Experience in developing and overseeing ESG frameworks and
     to global brands and OEMs.                                               sustainability strategies aligned with global standards.
▪    Understanding of customer advocacy, marketing strategy, and          ▪   Understanding of governance, stakeholder engagement, and
     value-based selling.                                                     circular economy principles.




18
Annual Report 2025




AL, ML & Data Science Literacy                                     4/5    Innovation & Product Development                                     4/5

▪   Understanding of AI and machine learning applications in              ▪   Experience leading product innovation and agile development
    commercial environments for predictive analytics, customer                cycles including the ability to deliver differentiated solutions to
    insights and operational optimisation.                                    anticipate customer needs and market shifts.
▪   Experience supporting the deployment of AI-powered platforms          ▪   Understanding of customer-centric design, product-market fit, and
    for fleet optimisation, autonomous service models, and intelligent        integration of emerging technologies, with a focus on co-creating
    asset management, with a focus on monetising data insights                value through strategic partnerships and ecosystem collaboration.
    through scalable, recurring revenue models.                           ▪   Experience in managing and protecting intellectual property (IP)
▪   Experience applying AI and data tools to enhance organisational           as a strategic asset, including IP licensing, commercialisation and
    productivity, streamline workflows and enable scalable managed            innovation governance in technology-driven environments.
    services and automation.




Governance & Investor Relations                                    5/5    Capital Structure                                                    5/5

▪   Experience overseeing boards from a financial and governance          ▪   Experience with a range of capital structures and management
    oversight perspective, including the ability to evaluate and manage       of capital within an organisation, including equity, debt, and
    enterprise risk, ensure regulatory compliance, and uphold fiduciary       alternative financing models.
    responsibilities.                                                     ▪   Understanding of capital markets and investor expectations,
▪   Experienced leadership in listed entity and capital markets:              including public and private funding environments, valuation
    including NZX compliance and corporate governance.                        dynamics, and capital allocation strategies.
▪   Understanding of human resources and organisational leadership,       ▪   Experience in financial strategy and scenario planning, supporting
    including experience in people strategy, performance structures,          long-term sustainability, liquidity management, and alignment with
    and executive development aligned with governance best                    strategic objectives.
    practices.
▪   Experience in investor relations and shareholder engagement,
    with a focus on transparent communication, capital strategy, and
    aligning board decisions with investor expectations.




Cybersecurity & IT Governance                                      4/5    Operational Excellence & Supply Chain                                4/5

▪   Experience in IT governance and cybersecurity oversight, including    ▪   Experience overseeing global supply chain operations, including
    cloud security and data protection.                                       manufacturing quality assurance and logistics optimisation.
▪   Understanding of digital infrastructure resilience and compliance     ▪   Understanding of quality systems, continuous improvement
    frameworks.                                                               frameworks, and operational scaling.
▪   Awareness of the opportunities and risks presented by emerging
    technologies, including AI, IoT, and automation.




                                                                                                                                                     19
AoFrio Ltd




AoFrio Executive
             Greg Balla | Chief Executive Officer
             Greg Balla joined AoFrio in 2021, bringing      Prior to AoFrio, Greg spent eight years at
             extensive leadership and commercial             Orion Health, as Executive Vice President
             experience within complex organisations.        of Clinical Workflow and Business
             He has been pivotal in executing the            Transformation, and later Chief Operating
             initial stages of a multiyear plan for AoFrio   Officer. He has also held senior roles at
             focused on expansion and technological          Auckland District Health Board, BHPB
             advancement. Greg’s leadership has seen         and 3M.
             AoFrio significantly strengthen its market
             position and global reach.


             Genevieve Clark | Vice President, Product
             Genevieve Clark joined AoFrio in                Genevieve has been instrumental in driving
             November 2022, bringing with her a wealth       innovation and strategic growth.
             of experience from leading technology
             companies such as Orion Health, Vista           Under Genevieve’s leadership, AoFrio has
             Entertainment Solutions, and Qrious.            positioned itself as a market leader in the
             Tasked with expanding and accelerating          IoT space, directly reflected in the quality of
             AoFrio’s product vision and roadmap,            the solutions that AoFrio have been able to
                                                             roll out to their customers.


             Howard Milliner | Chief Financial Officer / Company Secretary
             Howard has played a key role in                 and strategic initiatives. In his role as
             transforming AoFrio into a hardware-            CFO, Howard has guided the company’s
             enabled SaaS business. He oversees all          journey towards profitability, delivering
             financial and administrative operations,        improvements in operational efficiency
             drawing on his past experience as CFO           and process management for AoFrio’s
             and CEO of Mercer Group (now MHM                continued success.
             Automation) to support AoFrio’s growth


             Rami Elbeltagi | Vice President, Engineering and IT
             With wide-ranging experience, including         product development and has been pivotal
             his role as Group Chief Engineer at Fisher      in launching innovative solutions. Rami’s
             and Paykel Appliances, Rami brings strong       strategic vision and direction to the teams to
             leadership in developing high-performing        keep AoFrio at the forefront of both AI and
             teams, product design, and agile                ML exploration have directly contributed to
             innovation. At AoFrio, he has restructured      the company’s market-leading position.
             the engineering team to drive ambitious


20
Annual Report 2025




                     James Rice | Chief Revenue Officer
                     James Rice joined AoFrio in 2024 as            facilitating expansion into adjacent markets
                     Chief Revenue Officer, bringing extensive      to position AoFrio for sustained growth and
                     experience from leading high-performing        innovation.
                     teams at iSOFT, DXC, and Orion Health.
                     James has been instrumental in driving
                     commercial strategy, capturing market
                     share in AoFrio’s core sectors and


                     Danielle Scott | Manager People, Sustainability and Executive Operations
                     Danielle joined AoFrio in April 2022. With     as well as employee engagement. As
                     a background in managing strategic             the leader of AoFrio’s sustainability
                     projects at Tesla and Workday, she has         strategy, she has significantly contributed
                     driven AoFrio’s performance culture            to developing customer solutions that
                     through innovative workforce development       position AoFrio as an industry leader in
                     programs. This has included a critical focus   sustainability.
                     on leadership and mindset development



                     Marc Tinsel | Executive Vice President Operations
                     Marc Tinsel joined AoFrio in 2013 and          teams. His leadership sees AoFrio
                     oversees the day-to-day leadership of          maintaining customer satisfaction through
                     supply chain and operations, ensuring the      manufacturing quality, reliable supply and
                     seamless delivery of all hardware. With        product performance.
                     a background in managing international
                     product safety testing and certification,
                     Marc is experienced in managing multiple
                     projects, budgets, and multidisciplinary




                                                                                                                  21
AoFrio Ltd




Sustainability report
Our ongoing commitment to sustainable growth




Purpose                                        Values
AoFrio is a hardware-enabled SaaS              Guided by our values of:
company that is leading the charge             ▪ Explore together
towards a more sustainable and                 ▪ Thrive together
efficient food and beverage industry.          ▪ A better world together.




Vision                                         How we deliver?
We envision a future where our                 ▪ Minimise environmental impact
innovative solutions empower                   ▪ Drive customer efficiency
customers to significantly reduce their        ▪ Partner for success.
environmental impact and enhance
their profitability.




22
 22
                          Annual Report 2025




                           Our Approach to Sustainability
                                        3.0



                                        2.5
Importance to stakeholders (External)




                                                                                                                                         Product quality, design and innovation




                                        2.0                                                                                      Diversity and inclusion

                                                                            GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2 Operational)                  Engagement and wllbeing

                                                                                       Waste and circularity
                                        1.5
                                                                                                                               Health and safety
                                                                            GHG emissions (Scope 3 -Upstream)
                                                                                                                               Modern slavery and labour practices
                                                            Social responsibility and community impact          Sustainability data, metrics and targets
                                        1.0                                                              Sustainable sourcing of materials (Environment)
                                                                               Board composition

                                                                                         Waste and water management
                                                                                                                            Customer privacy and data security
                                        0.5
                                                                                    Intellectual property            Systemic risk management

                                                                                     Physical climate risk


                                              0.0     0.5                     1.0                        1.5                    2.0                        2.5                    3.0

                                                                              Importance to AoFrio (Internal)



                              AoFrio’s sustainability strategy is underpinned by three                         framework as ongoing reference points to measure
                              core pillars that guide how we prioritise our initiatives,                       progress and achieve alignment with the sustainability
                              embed sustainability across the organisation, and ensure                         reporting of our customers.
                              our actions reflect the areas of greatest impact. As
                              global expectations and stakeholder priorities evolve,
                              these pillars provide a consistent, long-term direction for
                              our approach.

                              To ensure our strategy remains aligned with urgent
                              global priorities, we also use the United Nations (UN)
                              Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and EcoVadis




                                                                                                                                                                                        23
AoFrio Ltd




Our Approach to Sustainability
While aligning with global standards, our key focus areas:




                    ▪   Health, safety and            ▪          Modern slavery and                               ▪   Product quality, design
                        wellbeing                                labour practices                                     and innovation
                    ▪   Diversity, equity and         ▪          Sustainable sourcing of                          ▪   Waste and circularity
                        inclusion                                materials                                        ▪   Customer privacy and
                    ▪   Engagement and                ▪          Greenhouse gas                                       data security
                        connection                               emissions (Scope 1, 2
                                                                 and 3)




                        Labor & Human                     Labor & Human                             Sustainable                              Sustainable
                            Right          Ethics             Right          Ethics   Environment   Procurement       Ethics   Environment   Procurement




United Nations (UN) Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs)
The UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) provide                       strategic priorities. By mapping our areas of focus to the
a global framework for sustainable development across                     SDGs, we can clearly identify our direct contributions to
economic, social, and environmental dimensions. At                        global sustainability and ensure our efforts support the
AoFrio, we use the SDGs to ensure our sustainability                      issues that matter most to our customers, stakeholders,
actions remain aligned with our material topics and                       and business.



24
Annual Report 2025




EcoVadis
EcoVadis is a leading provider of business sustainability
ratings, assessing companies on their environmental,
social, and ethical performance. At AoFrio, the
annually updated EcoVadis methodology enables us to
consistently monitor, quantify, and evaluate our progress
against our objectives, material topics, UN Goals, and
overall sustainability strategy. This structured approach
supports continuous improvement, helps us meet
evolving expectations, and strengthens our ability to
advance our sustainability performance year on year.




                     MAY 2025




                                                            25
AoFrio Ltd




                                   ▪           Health, safety and wellbeing                 ▪   Engagement and connection
                                   ▪           Diversity, equity and inclusion




                                       Labor & Human
                                           Right       Ethics




Our Team
Our thriving, connected, and continuously learning team is a critical driver of our sustainability journey. This year we
lifted our Employee Engagement Score to 72%, with retention at 92.2%. Contributors to these results include Diversity
& Inclusion activities driven by our AoWLead (AoFrio Women Leaders) group, as well as uptake of our language
scholarship programmes and remote-working benefits. We also expanded our peer-to-peer learning culture through a
full calendar of Skill Share sessions, enabling employees across AoFrio to learn directly from internal experts.




                                   ▪           Modern slavery and labour practices          ▪   Greenhouse gas emissions
                                   ▪           Sustainable sourcing of materials                (Scope 1, 2 and 3)




                                       Labor & Human                          Sustainable
                                           Right       Ethics   Environment   Procurement




Our Operations
This year we took meaningful steps to strengthen sustainability across our operations and supply chain. Notably, we
achieved the EcoVadis Committed Badge, recognising our ESG foundations across Environment, Labour & Human
Rights, Ethics, and Sustainable Procurement.

Underpinning our progress for this pillar, we took steps to strengthen operational governance of our global health and
safety practices, including introducing a new reporting platform; completed a CIS v8 security assessment as part of
ongoing work to strengthen our cyber security posture; and completed a Supplier Code of Conduct to formalise ethical
and sustainable expectations across our supply chain.


26
Annual Report 2025




                                  ▪            Health, safety and wellbeing      ▪   Engagement and connection
                                  ▪            Diversity, equity and inclusion




                                                                  Sustainable
                                      Ethics        Environment   Procurement




Our Product
This year we launched two new products that reflect our commitment to designing and delivering solutions that help
our customers operate more sustainably, without compromising on our quality or security.

AoFrio iQ, our new SaaS insights platform, provides real-time asset visibility and insights that enable customers to
make better decisions around service, maintenance, commercial activities, and energy efficiency. This enhances our
customers’ ability to achieve lower emissions across their entire cooler fleet.

In terms of IoT innovation, the newly launched SCS800 Cellular Controller provides always‑on connectivity, data
capture, remote diagnostics, and power‑backup location tracking. These capabilities help customers reduce
unnecessary service visits and improve energy efficiency.




                                                                                                                       27
AoFrio Ltd




Our workforce
By the numbers (full time equivalents).



Count by ethnicity

             35       34

             30

             25
                                     21
             20                                    19
                                                                17             17
             15                                                                                 13         13

             10
                                                                                                                             5
              5
                                                                                                                                      2             2                    2                 2
                                                                                                                                                                                                           1                     1
              0
                  Latin American
                       / Hispanic

                                    European


                                                 NZ European


                                                               Indian


                                                                                  Not Stated
                                                                         / I’d rather not say


                                                                                                Chinese


                                                                                                          Southeast Asian


                                                                                                                            Asian


                                                                                                                                     (Blank)


                                                                                                                                               NZ European, Maori


                                                                                                                                                                    NZ European,
                                                                                                                                                                    Pacific People

                                                                                                                                                                                     Other Ethnicity


                                                                                                                                                                                                       European African

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           NZ European,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Other Ethnicity




Age group

                                                                        2.01%                                        4.7%
                                               8.72%




                                                                                                                                                                    24.16%

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Age group active


                                                                                                                                                                                                                          18 to 26

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          27 to 35
             27.52%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          36 to 45

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          46 to 55

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          56 to 64

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Over 65




                                                                                                                                    32.89%



28
Annual Report 2025




Gender diversity
            Man                                                         Prefer to not say               Woman


                                                 Man                    Prefer to not say               Woman
                                               150
                             total headcount




                                               150

                                               100
                     total headcount




                                               100
             RunningRunning




                                                50


                                                50

                                                 0
                                                       2016      2017     2018      2019    2020     2021   2022     2023    2024     2025     2026
                                                 0
                                                       2016      2017     2018      2019    2020     2021   2022     2023    2024     2025     2026




Length of service


                                                              17.45%
                                                                                                                   20.81%

                                                              17.45%                                                                   Length of service
                                                                                                                   20.81%

                                                                                                                                            Under
                                                                                                                                       Length      1 year
                                                                                                                                              of service

                                                                                                                                             1 to 2 years
                                                                                                                                             Under 1 year

                                                                                                                                             2 to 3 years
                                                                                                                                             1 to 2 years

                    14.77%                                                                                                   12.08%          3 to 4 years
                                                                                                                                             2 to 3 years

                                                                                                                                             4 to 5 years
                    14.77%                                                                                                   12.08%          3 to 4 years

                                                                                                                                             5 to 6 years
                                                                                                                                             4 to 5 years
                                               2.01%                                                                                         6 to 9 years
                                                                                                                                             5 to 6 years

                                               2.01%                                                                                         10+ years
                                                                                                                    10.07%                   6 to 9 years
                                                       8.05%

                                                                                                                                             10+ years
                                                       8.05%                                                        10.07%
                                                                                                   14.77%


                                                                                                   14.77%                                                   29
AoFrio Ltd




Looking Forward
Our aspirational roadmap and progress.



Current                                                   Planned

        Health & Safety Global Review                         Track and improve diversity
 T                                                        T
        Continuous improvements                               On roadmap


        Language Scholarship Program                          Set Emissions reduction target and begin reporting
 T
        Continuing                                        O   Scope 1 & 2 emissions
                                                              On roadmap
        Leadership Development Program
 T      Leadership DNA designed and program design            Track Suppliers EcoVadis Rating
                                                          O
        in progress                                           On roadmap


        Diversity Targets                                     Describe the scenario analysis process externally
 T                                                        O
        In progress                                           On roadmap


        Implement a Sustainable Supplier Policy &             Develop a conflict minerals policy
                                                          O
        Supplier Code of conduct                              Move to Current – In Progress
 O      Sustainable Code of Conduct completed and
        implemented, Sustainable Supplier Policy
                                                              Invest in Research and Development (R&D) aimed
        in progress
                                                          P   at continuing reductions of emissions intensities
                                                              On roadmap
        Review physical and transition risks likely to
 O      have a material effect on AoFrio
                                                              Establish a process for tracking energy intensity
        On roadmap
                                                              savings for clients that have purchased IoT
                                                          P
                                                              services
        Identify climate-based scenarios for AoFrio           Move to Current – In Progress
 O      and conduct a scenario analysis process
        On roadmap


        Complete a test case LCA
 P
        On roadmap


        Begin Data collection of product components for
 P      GHG Reporting
        On roadmap




30
Annual Report 2025




                     31
AoFrio Ltd




Financial statements
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                              2025        2024
                                                                                           Note              $000s       $000s

 Revenue                                                                                     2.2             83,186     79,690
     Cost of sales                                                                                         (56,782)    (56,468)
 Gross profit                                                                                                26,404     23,222
     Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                (157)        (14)
     Other income                                                                            2.3                864        591
     Operating expenses                                                                      2.4           (23,608)    (21,285)
 Earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation,
                                                                                                              3,503      2,514
 amortisation and impairment
     Depreciation                                                                            3.2              (949)      (815)
     Amortisation                                                                            3.3            (2,672)     (1,959)
 Loss before interest & taxation                                                                               (118)     (260)
     Finance income                                                                          4.2                  62        48
     Finance expenses                                                                        4.2            (1,975)     (1,678)
 Loss before income tax                                                                                     (2,031)     (1,890)
     Income tax (expense) / credit                                                          2.5a                (55)        10
 Loss for the year                                                                                          (2,086)     (1,880)
 Other comprehensive income:
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translation of
                                                                                            4.5b                394      (423)
     foreign operations
 Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year                                                               394      (423)
 Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                                      (1,692)     (2,303)

 Loss for the year attributable to the Owners
                                                                                                            (2,086)     (1,880)
 of the Company
 Total comprehensive loss attributable to the
                                                                                                            (1,692)     (2,303)
 Owners of the Company
 Basic (loss) profit per share – cents                                                       2.6              (0.48)     (0.44)
 Diluted (loss) profit per share – cents                                                     2.6              (0.48)     (0.44)
The above Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




32
Annual Report 2025




Consolidated Statement of Movements in Equity
for the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                     Contributed        Accumulated               Other       Total
                                                                          equity             losses            reserves      equity
 2025                                                       Note          $000s              $000s               $000s       $000s

 Balance on 1 January 2025                                                135,578            (113,621)           (4,646)     17,311
    Comprehensive income
    Loss for year                                                                 -            (2,086)                   -   (2,086)

    Other comprehensive income
    Exchange differences on translation
                                                             4.5b                 -                    -              394       394
    of foreign operations
    Total comprehensive income                                                    -            (2,086)                394    (1,692)
    Share option compensation expensed                       4.5a                 -                    -               16        16
    Contributions of equity, net of costs                     4.3              239                     -                 -      239
 Balance on 31 December 2025                                              135,817            (115,707)           (4,236)     15,874



                                                                     Contributed        Accumulated               Other       Total
                                                                          equity             losses            reserves      equity
 2024                                                       Note          $000s              $000s               $000s       $000s

 Balance on 1 January 2024                                                135,578            (111,741)           (4,294)     19,543
    Comprehensive income
    Loss for the year                                                             -            (1,880)                   -   (1,880)

    Other comprehensive income
    Exchange differences on translation of
                                                             4.5b                 -                    -             (423)    (423)
    foreign operations
    Total comprehensive income                                                    -            (1,880)               (423)   (2,303)
    Share option compensation expensed                       4.5a                 -                    -               71        71
 Balance on 31 December 2024                                              135,578            (113,621)           (4,646)     17,311

The above Consolidated Statement of Movements in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                   33
AoFrio Ltd




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
as at 31 December 2025


                                                             2025     2024
                                                     Note   $000s    $000s

 Current Assets
     Cash and cash equivalents                       3.1a    1,342    2,093
     Trade and other receivables                     3.1b   21,102   20,475
     Derivative financial instruments                 6.4        -        -
     Inventories                                     3.1c    7,481    9,433

     Total current assets                                   29,925   32,001

 Non-Current Assets
     Property, plant and equipment                    3.2    6,143    5,775
     Deferred tax asset                              2.5b   10,576   10,370
     Intangible assets                                3.3   24,121   19,029
     Total non-current assets                               40,840   35,174
     Total assets                                           70,765   67,175

 Current Liabilities

     Trade and other payables                        3.1d   23,009   24,113
     Contract liability                               2.2    3,068    2,524
     Provisions                                      3.1e     135      139
     Derivative financial instruments                 6.4      24      295
     Liabilities in respect of right-of-use assets    6.5     366      268
     Borrowings                                       4.1    9,228    4,237
     Total current liabilities                              35,830   31,576


 Non-Current Liabilities
     Borrowings                                       4.1     325      341
     Liabilities in respect of right-of-use assets    6.5    4,026    3,998
     Contract liability                               2.2   14,710   13,949
     Total non-current liabilities                          19,061   18,288
     Total liabilities                                      54,891   49,864

 Net assets                                                 15,874   17,311




34
Annual Report 2025




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position - continued
as at 31 December 2025


                                                                                                                     2025       2024
                                                                                               Note                 $000s      $000s

 Equity
    Contributed equity                                                                           4.3           135,817       135,578
    Accumulated losses                                                                           4.4         (115,707)      (113,621)
    Other reserves                                                                               4.5            (4,236)       (4,646)

 Total equity                                                                                                   15,874        17,311

For and on behalf of the Board




Director			                                                              Director			
27 February 2026                                                         27 February 2026


The above Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                    35
AoFrio Ltd




Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                           2025       2024
                                                                                            Note          $000s      $000s

 Cash flows from operating activities
     Receipts from customers exclusive of GST / VAT                                                      83,527     81,140
     Payments to suppliers and employees exclusive of GST / VAT                                         (79,739)   (74,279)
     Foreign exchange loss                                                                                (157)        (14)
     Other income                                                                                           864        591

     Interest paid                                                                                       (1,875)    (1,683)
     Interest received                                                                        4.2            62         48
     Taxation paid                                                                                          (36)       (16)
     Net GST / VAT received / (paid)                                                                      1,173        (25)
     Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                            3,819      5,762

 Cash flows from investing activities
     Payments for property, plant, and equipment                                                         (1,100)     (483)

     Payments for intangible assets                                                           3.3        (7,978)    (5,419)
     Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                          (9,078)    (5,902)

 Cash flows from financing activities
     New loans and drawdowns                                                                  4.1        28,044     14,770
     Loan repayments                                                                          4.1       (23,225)   (15,630)
     Principal payments for right-of-use assets                                               6.5         (302)      (186)
     Net cash inflow / (outflow) from financing activities                                                4,517     (1,046)

 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                (742)     (1,186)
     Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the
                                                                                                          2,093      3,295
     financial period

     Effect of exchange rate movements on cash                                                               (9)       (16)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                   3.1a          1,342      2,093

The above Consolidated Cash Flow Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




36
Annual Report 2025




Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements
1. Basis of preparation

This section sets out the Group’s material accounting policies that relate to the financial statements as a whole.
Where an accounting policy is specific to a note, that policy is stated in the note to which it relates.

1.1 General Information

    AoFrio Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) develop Internet of Things (IoT)
    solutions and manufacture, market and sell energy saving, electronically commutated (EC) motors and fans for
    worldwide use.

    The Company is a limited liability incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand. The address of its registered office
    is 78 Apollo Drive, Rosedale, Auckland 0632 New Zealand. The Company is registered under the Companies
    Act 1993 and is an FMC reporting entity under Part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. The financial
    statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct
    Act 2013 and the NZX Main Board Listing Rules.

    These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 27 February
    2026.

1.2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

(a). Basis of preparation

    These consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
    accounting practice in New Zealand. The Group is a for-profit entity for the purposes of financial reporting. The
    consolidated financial statements comply with New Zealand Equivalents to IFRS Accounting Standards (NZ
    IFRS), other New Zealand accounting standards and authoritative notices that are applicable to entities that apply
    NZ IFRS. The consolidated financial statements also comply with IFRS Accounting Standards (IFRS).

    The material accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are set out below. These
    policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented.

    Entities reporting

    The financial statements are for the consolidated Group which is the economic entity comprising of AoFrio Limited
    and its subsidiaries.

    Historical cost convention

    These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention except for derivative financial
    information which is measured at fair value.

    New standards, amendments, and interpretations

    The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are consistent with
    those followed in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
    December 2024, except for the adoption of new standards effective as of 1 January 2025. The Group has not
    early adopted any standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective. NZ IFRS




                                                                                                                       37
AoFrio Ltd




     18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (NZ IFRS 18) was issued in April 2024 as replacement
     for NZ IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (NZ IAS 1). The Group is currently assessing the impact of NZ
     IFRS 18 and will disclose a more detailed assessment in the future. Several amendments apply for the first time in
     2025, but do not have an impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     Effective 1 January 2025, the Group adopted the amendments to NZ IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign
     Exchange Rates issued by the IASB in August 2023. These amendments clarify how to determine whether a
     currency is exchangeable into another and, when it is not, how to estimate the spot exchange rate for translation
     purposes.

     The amendments require:

     ▪   Identification of circumstances where exchangeability is lacking.
     ▪   Estimation of a spot exchange rate when observable rates are not available.
     ▪   Additional disclosures about the nature and financial impact of non-exchangeability.

     The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements for the year ended 31 December 2025. The Group does not currently operate in jurisdictions
     where exchangeability is restricted. Accordingly, no significant changes were made to the measurement of
     foreign currency transactions or balances. The Group will continue to monitor developments in markets where
     exchangeability may become limited and will apply the guidance as required.

     Going concern assumption

     The Group reported a loss for the year ended 31 December 2025 of $2,086,000 (2024: loss of $1,880,000)
     and operating cash inflows of $3,819,000 (2024: inflows of $5,762,000). Cash at 31 December 2025 was
     $1,342,000 (2024: $2,093,000) and net debt (defined as cash balances net of borrowings) was $8,211,000 (2024:
     $2,485,000).

     The Board approved budget for 2026 includes key assumptions on revenue growth, maintaining stable customer
     pricing and costs of manufacture, stable gross margin with improved profitability delivered from increased
     revenues and positive operating cash flows. In addition the Board assumes that the bank will continue to provide a
     trade facility of at least $10m for at least 12 months beyond the approval of these financial statements.

     The Board is satisfied that if global supply chain or macro-economic conditions adversely impact demand for the
     Group, the Group can and will manage its planned increases in operating and capital expenditure to ensure the
     Group maintains adequate cash reserves for at least the next 12 months after reporting date.

     The Board closely monitors the Group’s compliance with banking covenants.

     Therefore, the Board has at the time of approving the financial statements, assessed it is appropriate to continue
     to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.

(b). Principles of consolidation

     Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is
     exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and can affect these returns
     through its power over the entity.

     Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are
     deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

     The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries by the Group. The
     cost of an acquisition is measured as the fair value of the assets transferred and equity instruments issued, and
     liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of exchange. Identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities and contingent
     liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date,
     irrespective of the extent of any minority interest. The excess of the cost of acquisition over the fair value of the
     Group’s share of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the cost of acquisition is less than
     the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognised directly in the Statement of
     Comprehensive Income.
38
Annual Report 2025




    Intercompany transactions, balances, and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are
    eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated but considered an impairment indicator of the asset transferred.
    Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies of
    the Group.

(c). Foreign currency translation

    (i) Functional and presentation currency

    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency
    of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The Company’s
    functional currency is US Dollars because its purchase and sale of product is mainly denominated in US Dollars.
    Subsidiaries and operations in the USA, Brazil, Turkey, Mexico, Italy, Australia and Singapore use their local
    currency as the functional currency.

    The consolidated financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars, rounded to the nearest thousand,
    which is the Group’s presentation currency. The presentation currency remains New Zealand dollars due to the
    Company’s shareholder base being concentrated in New Zealand.

    (ii) Transactions and balances

    Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
    at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
    transactions and from the translation at year end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
    foreign currencies are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.

    (iii) Foreign operations

    The results and balance sheets of all foreign operations that have a functional currency different from New
    Zealand dollars are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

    ▪    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of the
         Statement of Financial Position.
    ▪    income and expenses for each Statement of Comprehensive Income are translated at the rates prevailing on
         the transaction dates; and
    ▪    all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income as a separate component
         of equity.

(d). Significant accounting estimates and judgements

    Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
    including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

    The Company makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will,
    by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk
    of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are
    detailed in the following notes to the financial statements:

    Areas of estimation

    ▪    Going concern – forecasts – note 1.2a
    ▪    Development costs – impairment testing – note 3.3

    Areas of judgement

    ▪    Development costs – capitalisation of expenses and economic life – note 3.3
    ▪    Deferred tax asset – recognition – note 2.5b



                                                                                                                        39
AoFrio Ltd




40
Annual Report 2025




2. Results for the year

This section focuses on the results and performance for the Group and how those numbers are calculated.

2.1 Segment information

    An operating segment is a component of an entity that engages in business activities from which it earns revenues
    and incurs expenses, whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker and
    for which discrete financial information is available.

    The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the
    operating segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer supported by the management team who
    report directly to the CEO.

(a). Reportable segments

    The Group is organised on a global basis into two operating divisions – Motors and IoT. These divisions offer
    different products and services and are managed separately because they require different technology and
    marketing strategies. The Group’s Chief Executive Officer reviews the financial performance of each division at
    least monthly. Each division is a reportable segment.

    There are varying levels of integration between the segments. There are engineering and sales staff that support
    both segments as well as shared logistical and quality management services.

    Information related to each reportable segment is set out below:


                                                          Motors              IoT      Unallocated             Total
      2025                                                 $000s            $000s            $000s            $000s

      Revenue                                              36,062           47,124                 -          83,186
      Cost of goods sold                                 (29,689)         (27,093)                 -        (56,782)
      Gross profit                                          6,373           20,031                 -          26,404
      Gross margin %                                       17.7%            42.5%                  -          31.7%
      Foreign exchange loss                                      -                -           (157)            (157)
      Other income                                               -                -             864              864
      Operating expenses                                   (3,961)          (8,750)        (10,897)         (23,608)
      EBITDA                                                2,412           11,281         (10,190)            3,503
      Depreciation                                            (78)             (17)           (854)            (949)
      Amortisation                                          (441)           (2,170)             (61)          (2,672)
      (Loss) / profit before interest & taxation            1,893            9,094         (11,105)             (118)
      Finance income                                             -                -              62               62
      Finance expense                                            -                -          (1,975)          (1,975)
      (Loss) / profit before income tax                     1,893            9,094         (13,018)           (2,031)
      Income tax expense                                         -                -             (55)             (55)
      (Loss) / profit for the year                          1,893            9,094         (13,073)           (2,086)




                                                                                                                      41
AoFrio Ltd




                                                   Motors         IoT    Unallocated      Total
      2025                                          $000s       $000s          $000s     $000s

      Non-current assets

      Property, plant & equipment                       52          9          6,082     6,143
      Deferred tax asset                                  -          -        10,576    10,576
      Goodwill                                            -     3,416              -     3,416
      Other intangible assets                        5,146     14,998           561     20,705
      Total                                          5,198     18,423         17,219    40,840


                                                    Motors        IoT    Unallocated      Total
      2024                                          $000s       $000s          $000s     $000s

      Revenue                                       36,426     43,264              -    79,690
      Cost of goods sold                           (30,805)   (25,663)             -   (56,468)

      Gross profit                                   5,621     17,601              -    23,222
      Gross margin %                                15.4%      40.7%               -    29.1%
      Foreign exchange loss                               -          -          (14)       (14)
      Other income                                        -         2           589        591
      Operating expenses                            (4,140)    (7,330)       (9,815)   (21,285)
      EBITDA                                         1,481     10,273        (9,240)     2,514
      Depreciation                                   (103)        (20)         (692)     (815)
      Amortisation                                   (323)     (1,575)          (61)    (1,959)
      (Loss) / profit before interest & taxation     1,055      8,678        (9,993)     (260)
      Finance income                                      -          -           48         48

      Finance expense                                     -          -       (1,678)    (1,678)
       (Loss) / profit before income tax             1,055      8,678       (11,623)    (1,890)
       Income tax expense                                 -          -           10         10
       (Loss) / profit for the year                  1,055      8,678       (11,613)    (1,880)
      Non-current assets

      Property, plant & equipment                      150         30          5,595     5,775
      Deferred tax asset                                  -          -        10,370    10,370
      Goodwill                                            -     3,254              -     3,254
      Other intangible assets                        5,189      9,990           596     15,775
      Total                                          5,339     13,274         16,561    35,174




42
Annual Report 2025




(b). Geographical segments

    The Group operates in three main geographical areas, although it is managed on a global basis.


                                                                                      2025                     2024
      Revenue from external customers by geographic areas                            $000s                    $000s

      Americas                                                                       70,427                  67,693
      Asia / Pacific (APAC)                                                             6,930                 5,606
      Europe / Middle East / Africa (EMEA)                                              5,829                 6,391
      Total                                                                          83,186                  79,690

    Revenue is allocated above based on the country in which the customer is located.

    APAC revenue includes $779,000 (2024: $758,000) from New Zealand customers.

    Major Customers

    The Group has four major customers (defined as customers representing 10% or more of revenues) accounting
    for invoiced revenues of $40,505,000 (2024: two customers accounting for invoiced revenues of $21,800,000), all
    within the Americas geographic segment.


                                                                                      2025                     2024
      Total non-current assets                                                       $000s                    $000s

      Americas                                                                          1,356                   574

      Asia / Pacific – mainly in New Zealand                                         39,442                  34,526
      Europe / Middle East / Africa                                                       42                     74
      Total                                                                          40,840                  35,174

    Total non-current assets are allocated based on where the assets are located.

2.2 Revenue
                                                                                      2025                     2024
                                                                                     $000s                    $000s

      Motors

      Sales of goods revenue – recognised at a point in time                         36,062                  36,426
      IoT

      Sales of goods revenue – recognised at a point in time                         43,961                  40,604
      Services revenue – recognised over time                                           3,163                 2,660
                                                                                     47,124                  43,264
                                                                                     83,186                  79,690

    Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and
    services, excluding GST / VAT, rebates, and discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group. The Group
    disaggregates revenue from contracts with customers by geographical regions, which is detailed in note 2.1(b).



                                                                                                                     43
AoFrio Ltd




(a). Sale of Goods

     The Group manufactures and sells a range of energy efficient motors and IoT hardware to the food and beverage
     market. Sales are recognised when control has transferred to the buyer which is usually when delivery of the
     goods to the buyer pursuant to the Incoterms that apply is fulfilled, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could
     affect the customer’s acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have been delivered in
     accordance with the pre-agreed Incoterms between the Group and the buyer, the risks of obsolescence and loss
     have been transferred to the buyer, and either the buyer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales
     arrangement, the acceptance provisions have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for
     acceptance and performance obligations under the contract with the customer have been satisfied.

     Some of the sales of goods are subject to CIF (Cost, Insurance and Freight) Incoterms. The Group considers
     these freight and insurance services to be a distinct service. For these sales, the total sales price is allocated to
     the separate performance obligations, being the product and the insurance and freight costs. Further, the Group
     considers itself an agent only in the provision of the freight services. Revenue for the CIF element is recognised
     only to the extent of the margin for providing the agent services. However, there are limited sales under CIF terms
     and the impact on revenue is estimated to be minor.

     The Group has an in-market distributor in Brazil to supply goods to buyers who require local delivery. The
     distributor transacts as agent. The Group is the principal in these transactions. Sales of product are recognised
     when the distributor delivers product to buyers at which point control passes to the buyer.

     Products may be sold with retrospective volume rebates based on aggregate sales over a 12-month period.
     Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract, net of the estimated volume
     rebates. Accumulated experience and customer knowledge are used to determine the rebate amounts using
     the expected value method and revenue is only recognised to the extended that it is highly probable significant
     reversals will not occur. The liability to pay volume rebates is recognised (included in trade and other payables) in
     respect of sales made until the end of the reporting period.

     No element of financing is deemed present as the sales are made with a credit term of 30 - 120 days which is
     consistent with market practice. A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point of
     time that the consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment
     is due.

(b). Sale of services

     Associated with the supply of IoT hardware, the Group supplies a range of data, and reporting services, all
     installed on every AoFrio SCS and AoFrio Monitor sold and are distinct services from the sale of goods. Revenue
     from the provision of such services is recognised when services are rendered to the buyer. Contracts typically
     cover a period from hardware supply of anywhere from 1 to 10 years, dependent on customer requirements.
     Contracts specify the price for the provision of the services. Revenue from such contracts is recognised on a
     straight-line basis over the contract term because the customer receives and uses the benefits over the time
     period. No explicit element of financing is deemed present as the purpose of the advance payment is for reasons
     other than financing.

     The Group also provides software development services for customers. Revenue from these services is
     recognised when the contracted development is completed according to the agreed scope of work.




44
Annual Report 2025




                                                                                       2025                     2024
     Contract liabilities                                                             $000s                    $000s

     Carrying amount at start of year                                                 16,473                  12,294
     Invoiced in the year                                                              4,798                   5,296
     Recognised in revenue                                                            (3,163)                 (2,660)
     Exchange adjustment                                                                (330)                  1,543
     Carrying amount at end of year                                                   17,778                  16,473

     Current portion                                                                   3,068                   2,524
     Non-current portion                                                              14,710                  13,949

                                                                                      17,778                  16,473


2.3 Other income


                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                                       $000s                   $000s

      Research & Development tax incentive claims received                               775                      452
      Other income                                                                         89                     139
                                                                                         864                      591


2.4 Operating expenses include


                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                                       $000s                   $000s

      Wages and salaries and other short-term benefits                                22,823                  19,828
      Employer contributions to Kiwisaver and 401K plans                                 735                      610
      Employee share options expense                                                       16                      71
      Total employee benefits                                                         23,574                  20,509

      Payments to contractors                                                          1,221                      623
      Capitalisation of labour and expenses to intangible assets                      (7,331)                 (4,900)

    The amount disclosed above for wages and salaries is stated before capitalisation of labour to intangible assets.




                                                                                                                        45
AoFrio Ltd




     Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and accumulating sick leave
     expected to be settled within 12 months of the reporting date are recognised in other payables in respect of
     employees’ services up to the reporting date and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the
     liabilities are settled. Liabilities for non-accumulating sick leave are recognised when the leave is taken and
     measured at the rates paid or payable.

     The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and creates a provision where contractually obliged
     or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

2.5 Income tax expense

     Current and deferred income tax
     The income tax expense or credit for the year is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income (based
     on the national income tax rate for each jurisdiction) adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
     attributable to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in
     the financial statements, and to unused tax losses.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to
     apply when the assets are recovered, or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or
     substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of
     deductible and taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or liability. An exception is made
     for certain temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No deferred tax asset
     or liability is recognised in relation to these temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other than a
     business combination, that at the time of the transaction did not affect either accounting profit or taxable profit
     or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

     Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is
     probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

     Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount and
     tax bases of investments in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to control the timing of the reversal of
     the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

     Goods and Services Tax (GST) and Value Added Tax (VAT)
     The Statement of Comprehensive Income has been prepared so that all components are stated exclusive of GST
     and VAT. All items in the Statement of Financial Position are stated net of GST and VAT, except for receivables
     and payables, which include GST and VAT invoiced.

(a). Income tax


                                                                                             2025                      2024
                                                                                            $000s                     $000s

      Current year income tax (expense) / credit                                              (261)                         3
      Deferred tax – recognition of deferred tax asset                                         206                          7
      Income tax (expense) / credit                                                            (55)                       10




46
Annual Report 2025




    The income tax credit for the year can be reconciled to the result before tax as follows:



                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                         $000s                   $000s

      Reported loss for the year before tax                                             (2,031)                 (1,890)
      Tax at 28%                                                                          (569)                   (529)
      Adjustment of losses brought forward                                                 685                    (527)
      Effect of different tax rates in other jurisdictions                                 (18)                           -
      Tax effect of non-deductible / non-assessable items                                   18                    (225)
      Recognition of carried forward tax losses                                           (171)                   1,291
      Income tax (expense) / credit for the year                                           (55)                      10


(b). Deferred tax

    As it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise temporary differences and losses, based
    on projection of taxable income, a deferred tax asset is recognised for deductible temporary differences and for
    that portion of the unused tax losses that are expected to be utilised in the five years 2026 through to 2030. No
    deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the remaining tax losses to carry forward due to uncertainty
    as to forecast taxable income after the five years.

    Losses available to be carried forward are subject to the shareholder continuity requirements of the New Zealand
    Income Tax Act 1994 and the countries in which the losses have arisen.

    Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset, and they
    relate to the same tax authority. The tax rate applicable to each group company has been used to determine the
    below recognised and unrecognised deferred tax assets:


                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                         $000s                   $000s

      Doubtful debts                                                                            1                    15
      Inventory provisions and unrealised profit eliminations                              218                      252
      Employee benefits                                                                    383                      518
      Internally generated development                                                  (3,199)                 (3,626)
      Warranty provision                                                                    38                       39
      Contract liabilities                                                               4,392                    3,793
      Rebates                                                                               68                      277
      Fixed assets                                                                      (1,064)                 (1,040)

      Right of use lease liability                                                       1,227                    1,205

      Other timing differences                                                                  11                        -

      Total temporary differences                                                        2,075                    1,433




                                                                                                                          47
AoFrio Ltd




                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                           $000s                    $000s

      Tax losses to carry forward                                                         24,997                   25,880
      Total temporary differences and tax losses to carry forward                         27,072                   27,313
      Deferred tax asset recognised for:
      Temporary differences                                                                1,897                     1,214
      Carry forward tax losses recognised                                                  8,679                     9,156
      Total recognised                                                                    10,576                   10,370

     The benefit of unrecognised tax losses is $16,318,000 (2024: $16,724,000). Of the total consolidated losses
     available to carry forward to future years, $3,616,000 (2024: $3,336,000) arises in the USA and is subject to their
     continuity requirements. USA Federal tax losses expire after 15 to 20 years, depending on when those losses
     were incurred. During 2025 no USA Federal tax losses expired (2024: None).

(c). Imputation credits

     The Group has no imputation credits available (2024: $nil) and no movements occurred in the Imputation Credit
     Account (2024: $nil).

2.6 Earnings per share

     Earnings per share (‘EPS’) is the amount of post-tax profit attributable to each share.

     Basic EPS of a loss of 0.48 cents (2024: loss of 0.44 cents) is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity
     holders of the Company of $2,086,000 (2024: loss of $1,880,000) by the weighted average number of ordinary
     shares in issue during the year of 433,052,301 (2024: 431,853,006).

     Diluted EPS of a loss of 0.48 cents (2024: loss of 0.44 cents) is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to
     equity holders of the Company of $2,086,000 (2024: loss of $1,880,000) by the weighted average number of
     shares in issue during the year. No adjustment was made for effects of 12,930,000 dilutive potential ordinary
     shares, refer to note 6.2(c), because the effect would have been anti-dilutive.




48
Annual Report 2025




3. Operating assets and liabilities

This section focuses on the assets used to generate the Group’s trading performance and the liabilities incurred as
a result.

3.1 Working capital

    Working capital represents the assets and liabilities the Group generates through its trading activities. The Group
    therefore defines working capital as cash, trade and other receivables, inventory, trade and other payables and
    provisions.

(a). Cash and cash equivalents

    Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions and other short
    term and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to
    known amounts of cash, and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                         $000s                    $000s

      Cash on hand and at bank                                                              569                    1,734
      Call deposits                                                                         420                           5
      Short term bank deposit                                                               353                      354
                                                                                          1,342                    2,093

    The carrying amount of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents is denominated in the following currencies:


      NZD                                                                                   484                      411
      USD                                                                                   495                    1,627
      Other                                                                                 363                       55
                                                                                          1,342                    2,093


(b). Trade and other receivables

    Trade receivables are recognised initially at the value of the invoice sent to the customer. The Group generally
    holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
    subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Trade receivables are generally due for
    settlement no more than 120 days from the date of recognition.

    The Group applies the simplified approach permitted by NZ IFRS 9 which requires expected lifetime credit losses
    to be recognised from initial recognition of the trade receivable. Trade receivables are written off when there is no
    reasonable expectation of recovery.

    NZ IFRS 9 requires the Group to calculate expected credit losses on trade receivables using a provision matrix.
    The Group has reviewed its credit loss experience and has determined that the probability weighted credit
    loss experience over that period was approximately 0.1% of revenue. Consideration has been given to market
    environmental factors to determine whether future conditions will impact. The provision for expected credit loss at
    balance date has been calculated at 1.5% for customers assessed as higher risk and 0.1% for all others (2024:
    1.5% and 0.1% respectively).




                                                                                                                          49
AoFrio Ltd




                                                                                             2025                      2024
                                                                                            $000s                     $000s

      Trade receivables                                                                     20,189                   19,140
      Provision for loss allowance                                                             (34)                         (51)
      Net trade receivables                                                                 20,155                   19,089
      Prepayments                                                                              444                          389
      VAT / GST refunds due                                                                    130                          300
      Income tax refund due                                                                    108                          333
      Other receivables                                                                        265                          364
                                                                                            21,102                   20,475

     The carrying amount of the Group’s trade and other receivables is denominated in the following currencies:


      NZD                                                                                      144                          191
      USD                                                                                   19,940                   18,591
      EUR                                                                                      500                          111
      MXP                                                                                      143                          352
      BRL                                                                                      267                          746
      Other                                                                                    108                          484
                                                                                            21,102                   20,475


      Provision for loss allowance

      Carrying amount at start of year                                                          51                           41
      Decrease in loss allowance                                                               (15)                           2
      Exchange adjustment                                                                       (2)                           8
      Carrying amount at end of year                                                            34                           51

     The decrease in provision is recognised within ‘Operating expenses’ in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.

(c). Inventories

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to individual items of
     inventory based on first in first out. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
     business less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

     Management reviews inventory on a line-by-line basis. Judgments are made about expected selling prices and
     obsolescence based on forecast sales. A provision is recognised for inventory which is expected to sell for less
     than cost.




50
Annual Report 2025




                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                        $000s                    $000s

      Finished goods – at cost                                                           6,850                    8,113
      Raw materials – at cost                                                              641                    1,638
      Less inventory provisions                                                            (10)                   (318)
      Total inventories                                                                  7,481                    9,433


    Cost of inventories recognised as an expense and included in cost of sales $54,445,000 (2024: $53,704,000).

(d). Trade and other payables

    Trade payables are recognised at the value of the invoice received from a supplier. These amounts represent
    liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to balance date. The amounts are unsecured and are
    usually paid within 90-120 days of recognition.
                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                        $000s                    $000s

      Trade payables                                                                    19,047                  19,571
      Employee entitlements                                                              2,061                    2,614
      GST / VAT payable                                                                  1,032                      395
      Accrued expenses                                                                     869                    1,533
                                                                                        23,009                   24,113

    The carrying amount of the Group’s trade and other payables is denominated in the following currencies:


      NZD                                                                                2,856                    2,948
      USD                                                                               18,813                  20,455
      Other                                                                              1,340                      710
                                                                                        23,009                   24,113

(e). Provisions

    Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation because of past events,
    is more likely than not that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the amount has
    been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

    The Group sells goods with warranty periods of up to five years. The terms of the warranty provide that the Group
    will repair or replace items that fail to perform satisfactorily. A provision has been recognised based on historical
    data and average levels of repairs and warranty claims experienced by the Group. It is expected that the provision
    will be utilised within one year as any product failures are typically exhibited within one year of sale.




                                                                                                                       51
AoFrio Ltd




                                                                                             2025                     2024
      Warranty provision                                                                    $000s                    $000s

      Carrying amount at start of year                                                           139                   133
      Additional provisions recognised                                                             7                   107
      Amounts used                                                                               (7)                  (118)
      Exchange adjustment                                                                        (4)                     17

      Carrying amount at end of year                                                             135                   139

3.2 Property, plant and equipment

     All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation and impairments. Historical cost
     includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items and the costs of bringing the asset
     to the location and condition for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended.

     Costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it
     is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item
     can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the Statement of Comprehensive
     Income during the financial year in which they are incurred.

     Depreciation of owned plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost net of
     their residual values, over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


                                                                             Useful Life
      Plant and equipment                                                    3 – 15 years

      Property                                                               12 years
      Office equipment, furniture and fittings                               3 – 15 years

     The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed and adjusted as appropriate at each balance date.

     An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
     greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

     Plant and equipment can be analysed as follows:


                                                           Plant &        Office equipment,            Properties     Total
                                                        equipment         furniture & fittings
                                                            $000s                      $000s               $000s     $000s

      Year ended 31 December 2024

        Opening net book amount                                713                         411             4,358     5,482

        Additions                                              314                         143                26       483

        Depreciation                                          (229)                     (136)              (450)      (815)

        Disposals                                                 -                          -                  -             -

        Exchange adjustment                                     59                          43               523       625
        Closing net book amount                                857                         461             4,457     5,775



52
Annual Report 2025




                                                    Plant &        Office equipment,        Properties             Total
                                                 equipment         furniture & fittings        $000s              $000s
                                                     $000s                      $000s

      At 31 December 2024
       Cost                                           5,228                       987           4,855             11,070
       Accumulated depreciation and
                                                     (4,390)                     (508)           (783)            (5,681)
       impairment
       Exchange adjustment                                19                      (18)            385                386
       Net book amount                                  857                       461           4,457              5,775

      Year ended 31 December 2025
       Opening net book amount                          857                       461           4,457              5,775
       Additions                                        527                       400             549              1,476
       Depreciation                                    (257)                     (215)           (477)             (949)
       Disposals                                           -                          -              -                  -
       Exchange adjustment                              (50)                      (16)            (93)             (159)
       Closing net book amount                        1,077                       630           4,436              6,143

      At 31 December 2025
       Cost                                           5,755                     1,387           5,404             12,546
       Accumulated depreciation and
                                                     (4,647)                     (723)         (1,260)            (6,630)
       impairment
       Exchange adjustment                              (31)                      (34)            292                227
       Net book amount                                1,077                       630           4,436              6,143

    The above amounts include those relating to right-of-use assets. Refer to note 6.5 for further disclosures.

    Capital commitments
    Capital commitments contracted for at 31 December 2025 amounted to $357,000 (2024: $471,000).




                                                                                                                        53
AoFrio Ltd




3.3 Intangible assets

     Research, development and patent costs
     Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of obtaining new scientific or technical knowledge
     and understanding, is recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income as an expense when it is incurred.

     Expenditure on development activities, being the application of research findings or other knowledge to a plan or
     design to produce new or substantially improved products or services before the start of commercial production
     or use, is capitalised if the product or service is technically and commercially feasible and adequate resources
     are available to complete development. This involves the use of judgement. Development costs are capitalised
     once it can be demonstrated that the asset is supported by future economic benefits. Management considers
     the following criteria when making its judgment as to when it is appropriate to commence capitalisation of
     development costs:

     ▪   Technical feasibility of completing the development so that it will be available for use or sale.
     ▪   Intention to complete the development.
     ▪   Ability to use the developed asset or sell it.
     ▪   Existence of a market.
     ▪   Availability of adequate technical, financial, and other resources to complete and commercialise the
         development; and
     ▪   Ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the development.

     All capitalised development costs met the criteria as outlined above.

     The expenditure capitalised comprises all directly attributable costs, including costs of materials, services, direct
     labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads.

     Development expenditure which does not meet the criteria for capitalisation is recognised in the Statement of
     Comprehensive Income as an expense as incurred. Capitalised development expenditure is stated at cost less
     accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses.

     Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost over the period of the expected
     benefit, up to a maximum of 10 years for motors and up to a maximum of 5 years for IoT hardware. Judgment
     is involved in determining this period of benefit. For motors, the Group considered the earlier versions of motors
     and the length of time from completion to continued sales contribution; whereas for IoT hardware, the Group
     considered that 5 years is an appropriate life given the inherent risk of rapid technological change.

     Patents
     Capitalised patent costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over the period of expected benefit no longer than
     the life of the patent, up to a maximum of 20 years.

     Computer software
     Acquired computer software licences are capitalised based on the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the
     specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives (3 to 5 years).

     Costs associated with maintaining computer software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred.

     Impairment testing of non-financial assets
     Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life or intangible assets not ready for use are not subject to
     amortisation and are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed
     for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
     recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
     recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value
     in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are
     separately identifiable cash flows (cash generating units).

     Goodwill is tested annually for impairment, or immediately if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it
     might be impaired and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are
     not reversed.



54
Annual Report 2025




                                      Internally   Patents   Goodwill   Other      Total
                                     Generated
                                   Development
                                         $000s      $000s      $000s    $000s     $000s

     Year ended 31 December 2024

       Opening net book amount           10,189       211      3,190     333     13,923

       Additions                          5,372        32           -     15      5,419

       Amortisation                      (1,898)      (57)          -     (4)    (1,959)

       Exchange adjustment                1,516        25         64      41      1,646
       Closing net book amount           15,179       211      3,254     385     19,029

     At 31 December 2024
       Cost                              29,370     1,726      3,219    1,035    35,350
       Accumulated amortisation
                                       (16,639)    (1,588)          -   (686)   (18,913)
       & impairment
       Exchange adjustment                2,448        73         35      36      2,592
       Net book amount                   15,179       211      3,254     385     19,029

     Year ended 31 December 2025
       Opening net book amount           15,179       211      3,254     385     19,029
       Additions                          7,934        31           -     13      7,978
       Amortisation                      (2,611)      (60)          -     (1)    (2,672)
       Exchange adjustment                (359)        (6)       161     (10)     (214)
       Closing net book amount           20,143       176      3,415     387     24,121

     At 31 December 2025
       Cost                              37,304     1,757      3,219     560     42,840

       Accumulated amortisation
                                       (19,250)    (1,648)          -   (199)   (21,097)
       & impairment
       Exchange adjustment                2,089        67        196      26      2,378
       Net book amount                   20,143       176      3,415     387     24,121




                                                                                       55
AoFrio Ltd




     Goodwill relates to the iProximity Pty Limited which is a component of the IoT reportable segment.

     Internally generated development costs include $11,393,000 (2024: $11,559,000) for projects underway and not
     complete at balance date. This cost is not yet being amortised.
                                                                                         2025                   2024
         Movement in intemally generated development costs                              $000s                  $000s

         Opening net book amount - projects not completed                               11,559                  5,193
         Additions                                                                       7,934                  5,372
         Completed                                                                      (7,852)                  (23)
         Exchange adjustment                                                             (248)                (1,017)
         Closing net book amount - projects not completed                               11,393                 11,559
         Amortisation and impairment

         Amortisation of intangible assets                                               2,672                  1,959
         Impairment of intangible assets                                                      -                         -
                                                                                         2,672                  1,959

     Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
     Goodwill acquired through business combinations with indefinite lives has been allocated to the IoT Cash
     Generating Unit (CGU) which is also an operating and reportable segment for impairment testing. The Group
     performed its impairment test at 31 December 2025.

     The recoverable amount of the IoT CGU at 31 December 2025 has been determined based on a value in use
     calculation using cash flow projections from the annual operating budget approved by senior management for
     2026. The pre-tax discount rate applied to cash flow projections is 13.5% (2024: 13.5%) and cash flows beyond
     2026 using the 11.48% growth rate for IoT revenue over the period from 2019 to 2025 (2024: 12.48%).

     The calculation of value in use is most sensitive to the following assumptions:

     ▪     Gross margins.
     ▪     Completion and launch of new IoT products under development and retaining volumes to current customers.
     ▪     Growth rates used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the forecast period.
     ▪     Operating expense increases.

     Gross margins are based on the 2026 budget pricing and product costs. The gross margin in 2025 was 42.5%
     and is forecast at 40.4% for 2026 and later years. Operating expenses for 2026 are budgeted $0.2 million higher
     than 2025 and increase proportional to revenue in later years. In the 2026 annual operating budget, the ratio of
     operating expenses to revenue is 16.8% and this is expected to be maintained in later years.

     As a result of this analysis, management did not identify an impairment for this CGU.

     A reasonable possible change in the assumtions will not result in an impairment.




56
Annual Report 2025




4. Capital and financing costs

This section sets out the Group’s capital structure and shows how it finances its operations and growth.

To finance the Group’s activities (now and in the future) the Board monitors and determines the appropriate capital
structure for AoFrio to execute strategy and to deliver its business plan.

4.1 Borrowings


                                                                                           2025                     2024
                                                                                          $000s                    $000s

      Current portion
      Bank trade finance facility                                                         9,207                    4,216
      Bank loans                                                                             21                        21
      Liability at end of year                                                            9,228                    4,237

      Non-Current portion
      Bank loans                                                                            325                      341
      Liability at end of year                                                              325                      341

    Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and are subsequently
    measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds and the redemption amount is recognised in
    the Statement of Comprehensive Income over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.
    Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right at the end of the
    reporting period to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after balance date. Borrowing costs are
    expensed when incurred.

    Movements in bank and other loans during the year were:


                                                                                           2025                     2024
                                                                                          $000s                    $000s

      Liability at start of year                                                          4,578                    4,985
      New loans and drawdowns                                                            28,044                   14,770
      Repayments                                                                       (23,225)                 (15,630)
      Exchange adjustment                                                                   156                      453
      Liability at end of year                                                            9,553                    4,578

    Bank trade finance facility
    The bank trade finance facility is $10m, repayable on demand and is secured. The Company can finance invoices
    to certain customers over a maximum term of 120 days. Interest is payable at a 3.25% margin above bank base
    lending rate. The weighted average interest rate charged in 2025 was 8.80% (2024: 9.86%). Refer to note 5.1(d)
    for covenants details.

    Bank term loans
    The Company’s US subsidiary loan is US$199,800 under the Small Business Act. The SBA loan has monthly
    repayments over a 30-year term. Interest is payable at 3.75% pa.



                                                                                                                           57
AoFrio Ltd




4.2 Finance


                                                                                            2025                    2024
                                                                                           $000s                   $000s

      Finance income
      Other interest income                                                                   62                       48
                                                                                              62                       48

      Finance expenses
      Interest expense – Bank loans                                                        1,037                       482
      Other interest expense                                                                 938                   1,196
                                                                                           1,975                   1,678

4.3 Contributed equity

     Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
     options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


                                                        2025                  2024               2025               2024
                                                      Shares                 Shares             $000s              $000s


        Opening balance of ordinary
                                                431,853,006             431,853,006           135,578            135,578
        shares on issue
        Issue of ordinary shares during
                                                   2,379,036                        -               239                  -
        the year (note 6.2b)
        Ordinary fully paid shares on
                                                434,232,042             431,853,006           135,817            135,578
        issue at year end

     All ordinary shares are authorised and have no par value. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in
     dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of and amounts paid on
     shares held.

4.4 Accumulated losses


                                                                                            2025                    2024
                                                                                           $000s                   $000s

      Opening balance                                                                   (113,621)              (111,741)

      Loss for the year                                                                   (2,086)                 (1,880)
      Accumulated losses at end of year                                                 (115,707)              (113,621)




58
Annual Report 2025




4.5 Other reserves


                                                              2025      2024
                                                             $000s     $000s

      Share option compensation reserve                         612       596
      Currency translation reserve                           (4,848)   (5,242)
                                                             (4,236)   (4,646)

(a). Share Option Compensation Reserve


                                                              2025      2024
                                                             $000s     $000s

      Share based compensation recognised at start of year      596       525
      Net compensation expensed                                  16        71
                                                                612       596

(b). Currency Translation Reserve


                                                              2025      2024
                                                             $000s     $000s

      Opening balance                                        (5,242)   (4,819)

      Exchange loss on translation of foreign operations        394     (423)

                                                             (4,848)   (5,242)




                                                                             59
AoFrio Ltd




5. Risk

This section presents information about the Group’s exposure to financial and commercial risks; the Group’s
objectives, policies and processes for managing those risks.

5.1 Key financial risks

     The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise receivables, payables, cash and cash equivalents,
     borrowings, and derivatives.

     The Group manages its exposure to the key financial risks – market risk (including foreign currency risk and
     interest rate risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and capital risk. The Group enters into derivative transactions (principally
     forward currency contracts) to manage currency risks.

(a). Financial market risk

     Foreign currency risk

     The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from various currency
     exposures. Presently the Group’s revenue is based on USD pricing and invoicing is substantially USD
     denominated. The Company’s functional currency is USD. The majority of the Group’s product, manufacturing and
     logistics cost is invoiced and settled in USD. This provides a strong natural hedge position between revenues and
     costs. USD funds are converted to NZD to meet New Zealand operational costs as required.

     The Group is primarily exposed to changes in other currencies against the USD exchange rate. The Group’s
     exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period for currencies other than USD, expressed in
     NZD was:


                                                       EUR                NZ        Brazilian         Mexican            Other
                                                      $000s            $000s            Real             Peso            $000s
      2025                                                                            $000s             $000s

        Cash                                             311              484                 -              38              14

        Trade and other receivables                      500              144             267              143              108

        Trade and other payables                         (29)         (2,856)             (65)         (1,206)              (40)
        Liabilities in respect of right-of-
        use assets
                                                            -         (4,392)                 -               -                -

        Derivative financial instruments                    -           4,500                 -                -               -


      2024

        Cash                                               11             411                 -              27              17

        Trade and other receivables                      111              191             746              352              484

        Trade and other payables                         (49)         (2,948)             (94)            (500)             (67)
        Liabilities in respect of right-of-
                                                            -         (4,195)                 -                -               -
        use assets
        Derivative financial instruments                    -           5,000                 -                -               -




60
Annual Report 2025




    The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from changes in currencies against
    the local functional currency of the group company. The impact on post tax profit holding all other variables
    constant, at 10% movement in the USD against the functional currency is as follows:


                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                              $000s                $000s

       Gain from decrease relative to the functional currencies                                  150                  36

       Loss from increase relative to the functional currencies                                (150)                 (36)

    The impact on other components of equity is not material because of minimal foreign forward exchange contracts
    designated as cash flow hedges.

    Interest Rate Risk

    The interest rate on the bank trade finance facility is at variable rates. All other debt is fixed interest.

    The Group has cash deposits in various currencies to facilitate trading in the countries in which it has a presence.
    Most of the cash deposits are held in either NZD or USD.

    The impact of a 1% increase / decrease in interest rates over a one-year period on the closing cash balance is
    not significant.

(b). Credit risk

    The Group generally trades with customers and banking counterparties who are well established. While there
    are individually significant customers, the Group takes out trade credit insurance to provide better security.
    Receivables balances are managed by and reported regularly to senior management according to credit
    management policies and procedures. The amount outstanding at balance date represents the maximum
    exposure to credit risk.

    At balance date, the Group had seven major debtors (defined as debtors representing 10% or more of trade
    receivables) accounting for outstanding debt of $13,739,000 (2024: six debtors accounting for outstanding debt
    of $11,797,000).

    At balance date, trade receivables of $733,000 were past due but not considered impaired (2024: $547,000). Of
    this amount $499,000 (2024: $284,000) was 3 months or more overdue.

    The Group enters into forward foreign exchange contracts within specified policy limits and only with
    counterparties approved by Directors.

    Cash and cash equivalents are deposited with several financial institutions in New Zealand and overseas.
    $513,000 is deposited with a major NZ trading bank with a Standard & Poors rating of AA- (2024: $411,000 AA-)
    and $78,000 (2024: $628,000) with Convera with a Standard & Poors rating of BBB/A-2. The remaining balance of
    $751,000 (2024: $1,054,000) is held across several territories and non-performance of obligations by the relevant
    banks is not expected due to the credit rating of the counter parties considered.

(c). Liquidity risk

    The Group maintains regular forecasts of liquidity based on expected cash flows. The table below analyses the
    Group’s financial liabilities into relevant groups based on the remaining period at the reporting date to the end of
    the contractual date.




                                                                                                                           61
AoFrio Ltd




     The amounts disclosed are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.


                                        Trade and other            Borrowings           Right-of-use                  Total
                                              payables                                     liabilities
        2025                                     $000s                   $000s                 $000s                 $000s

      Less than 6 months                           23,009                 9,218                   358               32,585

      7 to 12 months                                      -                  10                   360                  370
      2 to 5 year                                         -                 325                 5,493                 5,818
                                                   23,009                 9,553                 6,211               38,773

      2024
      Less than 6 months                           24,113                 4,226                   304               28,643
      7 to 12 months                                      -                   11                  305                  316
      2 to 5 year                                         -                 341                 5,701                 6,042
                                                   24,113                 4,578                 6,310               35,001

     Trade and other payables above exclude any liabilities for tax (including payroll taxes), statutory liabilities and
     contract liabilities. The 2024 amounts for right-of-use liabilities have been restated.

(d). Capital risk management

     The Company closely monitors its cash requirements.


                                                                                             2025                     2024
      Gearing ratio                                                                         $000s                    $000s

        Total borrowing                                                                      9,553                   4,578
        Total equity                                                                        15,874                  17,311

        Gearing                                                                             60.2%                    26.4%

     The Group is required to comply with the following financial covenants under the bank trade finance facility:

     EBITDA / Interest covenant – EBITDA to be a minimum of 1.5 times gross interest expense and 3.0 times BNZ
     interest expense (calculated as if NZ IFRS16 does not apply).

     Working capital covenant - Inventory and receivables / debt under the trade finance facility to be a minimum of
     2.5 times.

     Compliance to be tested on the last day of each financial half year.

     At 30 June 2025 the Group was not in compliance with the 1.5 times gross interest expense. On 15 August 2025,
     the bank waived it’s right to take further action in respect of this breach.

     At 31 December 2025 the Group complied with all financial covenants.




62
Annual Report 2025




6. Other information
This section includes other information that must be disclosed to comply with accounting standards and other
pronouncements, but that is not immediately related to individual line items in the financial statements.

6.1 Subsidiaries

    The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in
    accordance with the accounting policy described in Note 1.2b.


                                                                    Country of      Class of
                                                                                                      2025          2024
                                                                 incorporation       shares

       Wellington Drive Sales Ltd                               New Zealand         Ordinary         100%          100%

       Wellington Drive Technologies US, Inc                              USA       Ordinary         100%          100%

       Wellington Motor Teknolojileri San Tic Ltd Sti                  Turkey       Ordinary         100%          100%
       Wellington Italia Srl                                              Italy     Ordinary         100%          100%
       Wellington Drive Technologies Pte Ltd                       Singapore        Ordinary         100%          100%
       Wellington Latin America Services SA de CV                      Mexico       Ordinary         100%          100%
       iProximity Pty Limited                                        Australia      Ordinary         100%          100%

    All subsidiaries have a common balance date of 31 December.

6.2 Related party transactions

(a). Key management personnel and compensation

    Key management personnel compensation is set out below. Key management personnel comprise the Directors
    including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all the senior executives who report directly to the CEO.


                                                                                            2025                    2024
                                                                                           $000s                   $000s

       Salaries, fees, and other short-term benefits                                       2,977                    2,431

       Share based remuneration                                                                255                     71

       Directors’ remuneration                                                                 337                    357

       Total                                                                               3,569                    2,859




                                                                                                                         63
AoFrio Ltd




(b). Employee share-based remuneration

     In 2021, 12,930,000 options were issued to the Chief Executive Officer. 8,620,000 options (Tranche One) vested
     on 1 October 2024, and 4,310,000 options (Tranche Two) vested on 1 October 2025. The exercise price of the
     Tranche One options is 9.1 cents and of the Tranche Two options is 11.5 cents.

     The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of part paid shares or options are
     recognised as an expense over the vesting period. The proceeds received net of any directly attributable
     transaction costs are credited to share capital when the partly paid share proceeds are received, or options
     are exercised.

     Fair value is assessed at the date that the share options are issued using a binomial option pricing model that
     takes into account the exercise price, the term of the options, the exercise criteria, the likelihood of staff turnover,
     the non-tradable nature of the option, the share price at the issue date, the volatility of the returns on the
     underlying share and the risk-free interest rate for the term of the options.

     2,379,036 ordinary shares were issued on 30 May 2025 in settlement of agreed amounts owing to certain
     employees. The number of shares being issued was determined using the VWAP for AoFrio ordinary shares over
     10 business days prior to the issue.

(c). East West Manufacturing LLC

     East West Legacy LLC, a substantial security holder in the Company, is considered a related party under NZX
     Listing Rules. The Group does not transact with East West Legacy LLC. The Group transacts with East West
     Manufacturing LLC, East West Industries Vietnam LLC and EW China Limited which are independent from East
     West Legacy LLC and are not related parties.

6.3 Contingencies

     There are no material contingent liabilities or assets (2024 - $nil).

6.4 Financial instruments by category
                                                                                              2025                     2024
                                                                                             $000s                    $000s

        Assets per Statement of Financial Position
        Financial assets measured at amortised cost
        Trade and other receivables                                                          20,420                   19,453
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                             1,342                    2,093
        Derivatives used for hedging (at fair value)
        Derivative financial instruments                                                           -                        -

                                                                                             21,762                   21,546
        Liabilities per Statement of Financial Position
        at amortised cost
        Trade and other payables                                                             23,009                   24,113

        Borrowings                                                                            9,553                    4,578

        Liabilities in repect of right-of-use assets                                          4,392                    4,266

        Derivatives used for hedging (at fair value)

        Derivative financial instruments                                                         24                      295
                                                                                             36,978                   33,252

64
Annual Report 2025




    Fair value estimation

    The only financial instruments carried at fair value are derivatives comprising forward foreign exchange contracts.

    The forward exchange contract has been classified as Level 2.

    The different levels have been defined as follows:

    ▪    Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1).
    ▪    Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
         directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices) (Level 2).
    ▪    Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (i.e. unobservable inputs)
         (Level 3).

    The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the balance
    sheet date, with the resulting value discounted back to present value.

6.5 Leases

    Property, plant and equipment in the Statement of Financial Position shows the following amounts related to
    leases of right-of-use assets:


                                                                                             2025                     2024
        Right-of-use assets                                                                 $000s                    $000s

        Properties                                                                           3,849                   3,984

        Plant & equipment                                                                       36                        67

        Office equipment and furniture & fittings                                                7                        12

        Total                                                                                3,892                   4,063



        Additions to right-of-use assets

        Properties                                                                             376                          -

        Plant & equipment                                                                         -                       58

        Total                                                                                  376                        58



        Liabilities in respect of right-of-use assets

        Current                                                                                366                        268

        Non-current                                                                          4,026                   3,998

        Total                                                                                4,392                   4,266




                                                                                                                            65
AoFrio Ltd




     Movements in liabilities in respect of right-of-use assets during the year were:


                                                                                             2025                     2024
                                                                                            $000s                    $000s

         Liability at start of year                                                          4,266                   4,394

         New liabilities                                                                       376                         58

         Repayments                                                                          (302)                    (186)

         Exchange adjustment                                                                    52                          -

         Liability at end of year                                                            4,392                   4,266

     The Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income shows the following amounts related to right-of-use
     leases:

         Depreciation charge for right-of-use assets

         Properties                                                                            431                     386

         Plant & equipment                                                                      24                         15

         Office equipment and furniture & fittings                                               4                          4

         Total                                                                                 459                     405

         Interest expense on liabilities in respect right-of-use assets                        366                     358

         Expense relating to short-term leases (included in operating
                                                                                                92                         73
         expenses)

     The Consolidated Cash Flow Statement shows the following amounts related to right-of-use leases:


         Total principal payments on liabilities in respect right-of-use assets                302                     186

     The Group leases property, equipment, and cars. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods but may
     have extension options as described below. Lease terms for equipment and cars tend to be industry standard.
     Other leases are negotiated on an individual basis.

     Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
     available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance
     cost is charged to Statement of Comprehensive Income over the lease period to produce a constant periodic rate
     of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the
     shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

     Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include
     the net present value of the following lease payments:

     ▪    Fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable.
     ▪    Variable lease payments based on an index or rate.
     ▪    Amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees.
     ▪    The exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option.
     ▪    Payments or penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.

     The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be determined, or
     the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.


66
Annual Report 2025




    Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

    ▪       The amount of the initial measurement of lease liability.
    ▪       Any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received.
    ▪       Any initial direct costs.
    ▪       Restoration costs.

    Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line
    basis as an expense in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term
    of 12 months or less. Low-value assets are assets of a value of US$5,000 or less.

    Lease renewal options are included in the property lease. In determining the lease term, management considers
    all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise the renewal option. Renewal options are
    only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended. The assessment is reviewed if a
    significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs which affects this assessment and that is within
    the control of the lessee.

6.6 Other disclosures


                                                                                        2025                   2024
        Auditors’ remuneration                                                         $000s                  $000s

        Audit and review of financial statements

        -        Audit of the Group (Deloitte)                                           205                     200

        -        Audit of a subsidiary (Thong & Lim)                                        5                      4

        Other services

        -        Tax compliance (Deloitte)                                                 64                     39
                                                                                         274                     243




                                                                                                                    67
AoFrio Ltd




6.7 Cash flow information

(a). Reconciliation of loss for the year to net cash inflow from operating activities


                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                           $000s                    $000s

        Loss for the year                                                                 (2,086)                  (1,880)

        Adjustments for:

        Income tax expense / (credit)                                                          55                        (10)

        Depreciation, amortisation & impairment                                             3,621                   2,774

        Share based payments                                                                   16                         71

        (Decrease) / increase in inventory provision                                        (308)                         32

        (Decrease) / increase in loss allowance provision                                     (17)                        10

        (Decrease) / increase in provision for warranty                                        (4)                         6

        Net foreign exchange differences                                                      691                  (1,615)

        Increase in trade and other receivables                                             (610)                  (4,005)

        Increase in contract liabilities                                                    1,305                   4,179

        Decrease / (increase) in inventories                                                2,260                       (662)

        (Decrease) / increase in trade and other payables                                 (1,104)                   6,862

        Net cash inflow from operating activities                                           3,819                   5,762

(b). Net debt reconciliation
                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                           $000s                    $000s

        Cash and cash equivalents                                                           1,342                   2,093

        Borrowings – repayable within one year                                            (9,228)                  (4,237)

        Borrowings – repayable after one year                                               (325)                       (341)

        Net cash / (debt)                                                                 (8,211)                  (2,485)

     The bank trade finance facility is at variable interest rates. All other borrowings are at fixed interest rates,
     with borrowings movements disclosed in note 4.1. The decrease in cash during the year of $742,000 (2024:
     $1,186,000) included a $9,000 decrease (2024: $16,000) caused by exchange rate movement.

6.8 Events after reporting date

     There are no events after reporting date requiring disclosure.




68
Annual Report 2023




                     69
AoFrio Ltd




Independent Auditor’s Report

To the Shareholders of AoFrio Limited

Opinion                  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of AoFrio Limited and its subsidiaries (the
                         ‘Group’), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025,
                         and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, statement of movements in equity and
                         cash flow statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
                         including material accounting policy information.

                         In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements, on pages 32 to 68, present fairly,
                         in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and
                         its consolidated financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with
                         New Zealand Equivalents to IFRS Accounting Standards (‘NZ IFRS’) as issued by the External Reporting
                         Board and IFRS Accounting Standards (‘IFRS’) as issued by the International Accounting Standards
                         Board.

Basis for opinion        We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (‘ISAs’) and
                         International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (‘ISAs (NZ)’). Our responsibilities under those
                         standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                         Financial Statements section of our report.

                         We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                         for our opinion.

                         We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
                         International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence
                         Standards) (New Zealand) (‘PES 1’) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards
                         Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics
                         for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (‘IESBA Code’) as
                         applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other
                         ethical responsibilities in accordance with PES 1 and the IESBA Code.

                         Our firm carries out other assignments for the Group in the area of taxation advice, including tax
                         compliance. These services have not impaired our independence as auditor of the Company and
                         Group. The firm has no other relationship with, or interest in, the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

Audit materiality        We consider materiality primarily in terms of the magnitude of misstatement in the financial
                         statements of the Group that in our judgement would make it probable that the economic
                         decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced (the ‘quantitative’
                         materiality). In addition, we also assess whether other matters that come to our attention during the
                         audit would in our judgement change or influence the decisions of such a person (the ‘qualitative’
                         materiality). We use materiality both in planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the
                         results of our work.

                         We determined materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole to be $1,000,000.

Key audit matters        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance
                         in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
                         addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
                         forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




70
Annual Report 2025




Key audit matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter



Capitalisation of internal development costs                            We have evaluated the appropriateness of internal
                                                                        development costs capitalised by:
The Group capitalised $7.9 million of internal development
costs (2024: $5.4 million), as set out in note 3.3 ‘Intangible          •   Obtaining an understanding of the nature of the projects,
assets’. This includes capitalised employee and contractor                  including how the intangible assets will be used in the
time.                                                                       business, the stage of development, and the likelihood of
                                                                            the development being successfully completed and used
Judgement is required when determining if the recognition                   to generate revenue. We then challenged the Group’s
criteria to capitalise costs of development under NZ IAS 38                 determination of which development costs met the
Intangible Assets have been met.                                            criteria to be capitalised under NZ IAS 38;
                                                                        •   Checking capitalisation of cost calculations for
This includes demonstrating technical feasibility to complete               mathematical accuracy;
the asset so that it will be available for use, the viability of        •   Agreeing the amounts capitalised on a sample basis
resources and availability of funding to complete the asset,                to underlying evidence, including, for employee and
and the likelihood of generating future economic benefits.                  contractor costs allocated to development projects,
                                                                            testing a sample of hours worked on each project and the
We have included capitalisation of internal development costs               relevant wage rates; and
as a key audit matter due to the level of judgement required.           •   Challenging the recoverability of capitalised costs by
                                                                            assessing the reasonableness of the forecast and revenues
                                                                            in relation to each product.


Evaluation of the cash flow forecast supporting the use of the          In evaluating the cash flow forecast used in supporting the use
going concern assumption                                                of the going concern assumption, our procedures included:

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on             •   Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s processes
a going concern basis as discussed in note 1.2(a).                          and related controls in place for preparing and approving
                                                                            the 2026 cash flow forecast for the period of at least 12
In determining whether the use of the going concern                         months from the date of approval of the consolidated
assumption is appropriate, the Board prepared a cash flow                   financial statements;
forecast to assess the Group’s ability to settle their liabilities as   •   Obtaining an understanding of the key assumptions
they fall due for a period of at least 12 months from the date              present within the cashflow forecast;
of approval of these consolidated financial statements.                 •   Checking the mechanical accuracy of the cash flow
                                                                            forecast;
Therefore, the evaluation of the cash flow forecast supporting          •   Checking the appropriateness of the going concern
the use of going concern assumption is a key audit matter due               disclosure in note 1.2(a) of the consolidated financial
to the key inputs and assumptions present within the forecast.              statements; and
                                                                        •   Assessing the appropriateness of the key inputs and
                                                                            assumptions present within the cashflow forecast by:
                                                                        •   Assessing the reasonableness of forecasted revenue
                                                                            growth rates, gross profit margins including planned
                                                                            employee costs, movements in borrowings and capital
                                                                            expenditure of the Group over the forecast period;
                                                                            - Assessing the reliability of the Group’s forecasting
                                                                                 by performing a retrospective review of previous
                                                                                 forecasts in comparison to actuals;
                                                                            - Understanding the bank facility key terms, and
                                                                                 challenging the Group’s ability to comply with
                                                                                 covenant requirements; and
                                                                            - Assessing the sensitivity of the forecast to reasonably
                                                                                 possible changes in assumptions to assess their
                                                                                 impact on banking covenant compliance and ability
                                                                                 of the Group to continue as a going concern should
                                                                                 circumstances change.

                                                                                                                                     71
AoFrio Ltd




Other information          The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the other information. The other information
                           comprises the information in the Annual Report that accompanies the consolidated financial
                           statements and the audit report.

                           Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
                           not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                           Our responsibility is to read the other information and consider whether it is materially inconsistent
                           with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise
                           appears to be materially misstated. If so, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
                           report in this regard.

Directors’                 The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of the
responsibilities for the   consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal control
consolidated financial     as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
statements                 that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                           In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on behalf of the
                           Group for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,
                           matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors
                           either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to
                           do so.

Auditor’s                  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
responsibilities for       statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
the audit of the           issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
consolidated financial     but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs and ISAs (NZ) will always
statements                 detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
                           considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
                           the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

                           A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is
                           located on the External Reporting Board’s website at:

                           https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1-1/

                           This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

Restriction on use         This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit has been undertaken
                           so that we might state to the Company’s shareholders those matters we are required to state to them
                           in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not
                           accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company’s shareholders as a body, for our
                           audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.




Andrew Dick, Partner
for Deloitte Limited
Auckland, New Zealand
27 February 2026



72
Annual Report 2025




                     73
AoFrio Ltd




Statutory information
Introduction
Directors have resolved that no dividend be declared.

The Company does not have a credit rating.

Remuneration of Directors
During the year the following remuneration was paid or payable to directors:


                                                                                         2025                         2024

    Mr J. Scott                                                                       $96,000                      $96,000
    Mr G Allen 1                                                                      $55,000                      $55,000
    Ms Roz Buick 2                                                                    $55,000                      $45,833

    Ms M Clark-Reynolds 3                                                             $20,833                      $55,000
    Mr J. McMahon 4                                                                   $55,000                      $55,000
    Mr K Oliver 5                                                                     $55,000                              -

Note.
1.    Fees for Mr G Allen are paid to RJ-Alpha Advisory Services Ltd.
2.    Fees for Ms R Buick are paid to 5280 Lodge Ltd.
3.    Fees for Ms M Clark-Reynolds are paid to Purple Dragon Ltd.
4.    Fees for Mr J. McMahon are paid to Meta Capital Ltd.
5.    Fees for Mr K Oliver are paid to Alto Capital Ltd.


Interested transactions
The Directors have disclosed the following transactions with the Company:

▪     Interested transactions: There have been no transactions during the year with interested or related parties of
      the Directors.
▪     Directors’ remuneration: Remuneration details of Directors are provided above.
▪     Indemnification and insurance of Officers and Directors: The Company indemnifies Directors and Executive
      Officers of the Group against all liabilities which arise out of the performance of their normal duties as director or
      executive officer, unless the liability relates to conduct involving lack of good faith. To manage this risk, the Group
      has indemnity insurance. The total cost of this insurance expensed during the year ended 31 December 2025 was
      $131,410 (2024: $129,205).
▪     Directors’ share transactions: Details of numbers of shares held by Directors are shown below.
▪     Directors’ loans: There were no loans by the Company to Directors.
▪     The Board received no notices during the year from Directors requesting to use Company information received in
      their capacity as directors which would not otherwise have been available to them.




74
Annual Report 2025




Directors’ shareholding


                                                               31 December 2025                  31 December 2024

 Ordinary shares                                           Total Relevant Interest            Total Relevant Interest

 Mr J. McMahon                                                          19,178,253                        19,178,253
 Mr J Scott                                                              3,165,923                         2,350,000
 Mr G Allen                                                              7,493,382                         7,493,382


Employees
The number of employees, other than Directors, within the Group receiving remuneration and benefits above
$100,000, as is required to be disclosed in accordance with section 211(1) (g) of the Companies Act 1993, is indicated
in the following table.

                                        Group                                                       Group

                                      2025         2024                                           2025          2024

 $100,000 - $109,999                     6             8     $260,000 - $269,999                      -            1

 $110,000 - $119,999                     2             8     $270,000 - $279,999                      1             -

 $120,000 - $129,999                    19           12      $280,000 - $289,999                      2            1

 $130,000 - $139,999                     8           10      $290,000 - $299,999                      -            1
 $140,000 - $149,999                    11           10      $300,000 - $309,999                      -            1

 $150,000 - $159,999                     5             4     $310,000 - $319,999                      -            1

 $160,000 - $169,999                     5             5     $330,000 - $339,999                      -            1

 $170,000 - $179,999                     3             2     $340,000 - $349,999                      1             -

 $180,000 - $189,999                     9             6     $360,000 - $369,999                      1            1

 $190,000 - $199,999                     5             7     $380,000 - $389,999                      1             -

 $200,000 - $209,999                    10             4     $400,000 - $410,000                      1             -

 $210,000 - $219,999                     3             1     $410,000 - $420,000                      1             -

 $220,000 - $229,999                     1             1     $420,000 - $430,000                      2             -

 $230,000 - $239,999                      -            3     $480,000 - $490,000                      1             -

 $240,000 - $249,999                     2             -     $490,000 - $499,999                      -            1

 $250,000 - $259,999                     1             3     $560,000 - $570,000                      1             -


Donations
No donations have been made by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).




                                                                                                                    75
AoFrio Ltd




Diversity by gender statistics
In accordance with NZX Listing Rule 3.8.1 the Company makes the following diversity disclosures:

                                     Male                             Female
                                                                                                         Total
                                      #                 %               #                 %

 31 December 2025
 Board                                 4               80%               1              20%                5
 Senior management team*               5               71%               2              29%                7
 Total                                 9               75%               3              25%               12


 31 December 2024

 Board                                 4               67%               2              33%                6

 Senior management team*               5               56%               2              29%                7

 Total                                 9               69%               4              31%               13

*The senior management team comprises of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all the senior executives who
report directly to the CEO. The senior management team are “officers” for the purpose of the NZX Listing Rules.




76
Annual Report 2025




                     77
AoFrio Ltd




Shareholder information
Shareholders
On 31 December 2025 there were 1,236 shareholders holding 434,232,042 fully paid ordinary shares.

Share issues
On 30 May 2025, AoFrio Limited issued 2,379,036 ordinary shares to executives recognising long term incentive
scheme performance from 2016 to 2024.


On 15 April 2025, AoFrio Limited issued 10,119,760 share rights pursuant to the AoFrio Limited New Zealand
Restricted Stock Unit Scheme.

Shareholder details
The ordinary shares of AoFrio Limited are listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange. The information in the
disclosures below has been taken from the Company’s share register on 21 January 2026:


 20 largest shareholders                                                                         Ordinary shares


 1. East West Legacy LLC.                                                                              55,149,807

 2. Wairahi Investments Ltd                                                                            26,597,278

 3. Ballynagarrick Investments Ltd                                                                     21,185,103

 4. ASB Nominees Ltd (Meta Capital Ltd)                                                                19,178,253

 5. Forsyth Barr Custodians Ltd                                                                        18,635,854

 6. Graham Trustees Ltd                                                                                16,592,744

 7. HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Ltd                                                                    15,443,235

 8. Accident Compensation Corporation                                                                  14,862,480

 9. New Zealand Depository Nominee Ltd                                                                 14,244,625

 10. FNZ Custodians Ltd                                                                                13,717,558

 11. BNP Paribas Nominees (NZ) Ltd                                                                     12,676,549

 12. Apex Custodian Nominees (NZ) Ltd                                                                  10,117,278

 13. Gregory Charles Allen                                                                              6,488,049

 14. Flynn No 2 Trustees Ltd                                                                            6,054,758

 15. Lean Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                              4,125,123

 16. Wairahi Holdings Ltd                                                                               4,100,000

 17. Howard Duncan Milliner                                                                             4,074,004

 18. JP Morgan Chase Bank NA NZ Branch                                                                  3,936,787

 19. FNZ Custodians Ltd                                                                                 3,711,500

 20. Stephen Christopher Montgomery                                                                     3,350,000


78
Annual Report 2025




Distribution of equity securities
                                                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Size of holdings on 21 January 2026

                                                                     Shareholders                           Fully paid Ordinary Shares

                                                                 Number                           %               Number                          %


    1                     -                    999                       55                    4.48                 21,766                     0.01
    1,000                 -                  1,999                       31                    2.52                 39,896                     0.01
    2,000                 -                  4,999                       37                    3.01                111,177                     0.03
    5,000                 -                  9,999                      194                  15.80              1,402,257                      0.32

    10,000                -                49,999                       458                  37.30            10,219,926                       2.35
    50,000                -                99,999                       159                  12.95            10,771,613                       2.48
    100,000               -               499,999                       199                  16.21            42,191,078                       9.72
    500,000               -               999,999                        36                    2.93           23,679,149                       5.45
    over                               1,000,000                         59                    4.80          345,795,180                     79.63
                                                                     1,228                  100.00           434,232,042                    100.00


56 (or 4.56%) shareholders, holding 90,056,468 shares (or 20.74%) reside outside of New Zealand.

Substantial product holders
Pursuant to section 26 of the Securities Markets Act 1988, details of substantial product holders and their total relevant
interests as per their most recent notices are:


    Name                                                                               Number of shares2                         Date of notice

    First Cape Group Ltd                                                                          40,773,071                         1 May 2024
    Wairahi Holdings Ltd & Wairahi Investments Ltd                                                30,697,278                   16 January 2026
    East West Legacy, LLC                                                                         55,149,807                24 December 2021
2
 Number of shares is taken from notices received. No adjustments have been made for changes that may have subsequently occurred from the
dates of notices stated. The definition of “relevant interest” in the Securities Markets Act 1988 provides that more than one relevant interest can
exist in respect of the same securities.


Shareholder enquiries
Shareholders should send changes of address to Computershare Investor Services Limited at the address noted in
the directory on page 95. Notification must be in writing. Questions relating to shareholdings should also be addressed
to Computershare Investor Services Limited. For information about the Group please contact the Company at the
registered office by sending an email to info@aofrio.com or visit our website www.aofrio.com.




                                                                                                                                                      79
AoFrio Ltd




Announcements to shareholders
The Company has established an email list of shareholders that wish to receive announcements made by the
Company to the New Zealand Stock Exchange. Announcements are emailed to shareholders who wish to receive
them shortly after they are released to the NZX. This will include the annual meeting addresses. If you wish to be
added to this listing, please email info@aofrio.com and advise us of your email address. Your email details will be
kept confidential.


Announcements are also posted on our website www.aofrio.com.




80
Annual Report 2025




Corporate Governance Statement
The Board of AoFrio Limited (AoFrio or the Company) is responsible for the management oversight, supervision and
direction of the AoFrio Group and considers “best practice” corporate governance to be essential to the achievement
of strong and sustainable Company performance and to the maintenance of the trust and confidence of shareholders.
Integrity and high standards of behaviour and accountability are expected from all the Company’s Directors, officers,
employees and contractors.

The Board’s primary objective is the enhancement of shareholder value by following a set of core principles,
appropriate governance and ethical strategies and ensuring effective and innovative use of Company resources.
The Board has delegated to the Chief Executive Officer responsibility for implementing the strategic objectives of the
Board and for otherwise managing the day-to-day affairs of the Company in accordance with formal delegations of
authority from the Board.

The governance principles adopted by the Board are designed to meet best practice recommendations for listed
companies to the extent that they are appropriate to the size and nature of AoFrio’s operations. The Board endorses
the overall principles embodied in the NZX Corporate Governance Code (NZX Code) and believes the Company’s
corporate governance principles, policies and practices are appropriately aligned with the NZX Code.

The Company’s governance framework is recorded in various policies, charters, and processes, many of which are
discussed below. These are reviewed and approved at regular intervals by the Board and standing Committees
to ensure they continue to meet the high standards required by the Board and reflect regulatory changes and
developments in corporate governance practices. The Company has integrated the governance policies into employee
induction and training, and monitors compliance with the policies.

The NZX Listing Rules require the Company to report against the NZX Code. This Corporate Governance Statement
follows the structure of the NZX Code and describes below the corporate governance policies and practices AoFrio
has in place and highlights the small number of areas of the NZX Code where AoFrio has not fully followed the Code’s
recommendations.

The Company’s Constitution, Board and Committee Charters and many of the policies referred to in this document are
available to view on the Company’s website – www.aofrio.com/investors (the Company’s Website).

This statement is current to 25 February 2026 and has been approved by the AoFrio Board of Directors.

NZX Code
Principle 1 – Ethical Standards
AoFrio’s reputation as a trusted respected company is one of its most valuable assets and the Company is committed
to being ethically and socially responsible and ensuring that our business decisions should reflect our values, acting
within the laws of the countries in which we operate. The Company expects its people to maintain high standards
of ethical conduct and to act legally, ethically and with integrity in a manner consistent with the Company’s policies.
These include the following:




                                                                                                                         81
AoFrio Ltd




Code of Conduct
The Board has adopted a Code of Conduct, which is a formal statement designed to help guide and support
employees in their day-to-day work at AoFrio, to ensure they “do the right thing”.

The Code of Conduct brings together all our policy principles and provides a working guide for our people when
making decisions in our daily activities, and in relation to:

▪    Acting safely, ethically, and responsibly.
▪    Prioritising AoFrio’s best interests in accordance with the law.
▪    Safeguarding the confidentiality of AoFrio’s business information.
▪    Declaring conflicts of interest and proactively advising of potential conflicts.
▪    Upholding legal, regulatory, and ethical obligations.
▪    Holding their colleagues accountable for ethical conduct.
▪    Avoiding actions that could harm AoFrio’s reputation.
▪    Ensuring honesty in dealings with all stakeholders.
▪    Executing duties with diligence and care.
▪    Respecting individual and cultural differences.
▪    Nurturing a work environment that encourages open dialogue for resolving ethical concerns, free from fear
     of retaliation.
▪    Maintaining accuracy in records and reports.
▪    Adhering to Company policy around giving and receiving of gifts.
▪    Speaking out against and reporting unsafe or unethical behaviours.
▪    Adhering to Company policy regarding whistleblowing.

AoFrio takes the Code of Conduct seriously. It is the responsibility of all AoFrio people globally to promptly bring
suspected violations to the attention of the Company, for the benefit of all.

The Code of Conduct was updated in September 2025 and is available on the Company’s website. All AoFrio
employees will be trained on the updated Code of Conduct by September 2026.

Diversity and Inclusion Policy
AoFrio’s Diversity and Inclusion Policy records the Company’s commitment to creating a workplace that embraces
diversity and welcomes differences in cultures, backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that a
diverse, equitable and inclusive company makes our culture stronger, our products richer, our customers happier, and
is critical to our success as a thriving global business.


Everyone at AoFrio is responsible for supporting and fostering an inclusive environment where each individual,
regardless of gender, age, nationality, sexual orientation, ethnicity, religion, disability status, veteran status,
family status, or other protected category, whether visible or not visible, can succeed, and feel welcomed, valued,
and included.


The Company recognises our people are critical to our business. AoFrio has a small number of employees, a
significant number of whom are based outside of New Zealand, which makes it challenging for the Company to adopt
any formal targets in relation to diversity as is recommended by the NZX Code. While we do not have any such
formal targets, AoFrio values and respects the contributions, ideas, and experiences of people from all backgrounds
and is proud to have a diverse company with staff from around the world and from many cultures. Attracting the best
person for a role may involve a global search for a suitable candidate and that selection may add to our diversity.
AoFrio recognises diversity brings a range of ideas, skills, and innovation to the Company, which is important to the
achievement of our objectives.


82
Annual Report 2025




AoFrio is committed to attracting, developing, and advancing the best person for the role. Selection processes for
recruitment and employee development are unbiased and based on merit. Any form of discrimination, bullying or
harassment is not tolerated.


The Board is generally satisfied with the Company’s performance in relation to diversity but considers that the
Company could improve its diversity at the senior management and board level and is conscious of the benefits a
diverse leadership team can provide to the business.


The Diversity and Inclusion Policy is available on the Company’s website.


Rules for Staff Trading in AoFrio Securities Policy
The Company’s Rules for Staff Trading in AoFrio Securities Policy provides guidance and sets out the rules for all
trading in AoFrio securities on the NZX by directors, officers, employees, and contractors.


Staff members wishing to trade in AoFrio securities must obtain the written consent of the Company before trading in
Company securities (which must occur outside of certain blackout periods relating to the Company’s half-year and full
year financial results and public offerings of securities in the Company).


Company-wide internal training is also provided to all employees on the key themes of the policy and its application.


The Rules for Staff Trading in Securities Policy are available on the Company’s website.


Health and Safety Policy
AoFrio’s Health and Safety Policy records the Company’s commitment to maintaining a safe and healthy environment
in all our workplaces around the world, and putting the health, safety and well-being of our employees, visitors, and
contractors first. We operate our business so that we meet or exceed statutory health and safety requirements and
relevant codes of practice, and we establish additional standards where required. The Health and Safety Policy
governs what we will do to keep everyone safe and healthy at work and to continuously improve our workplace health
and safety management practices.


The Health and Safety Policy is available on the Company’s Website.


Whistleblowing Policy
The Company’s Whistleblowing Policy applies to all employees, contractors, consultants, officers, interns, casual and
agency workers at AoFrio. It sets out what they should do if they have reason to believe that something dangerous,
unlawful, or unethical is going on at work and it is affecting (or risks affecting) them or other colleagues. The Company
will support any person who reports any legal or policy breach in good faith.


The Whistleblowing Policy is available on the Company’s Website


Conflicts of Interest
The principles that govern the management of conflicts of interest are addressed in several governance documents,
including the Company’s Constitution, the Board Charter and Code of Conduct (all of which are available on the
Company’s website. Collectively these policies provide guidance to both directors and employees as to when a conflict
of interest may arise and set out the procedures for managing a conflict of interest.

The Company has an ongoing programme to maintain employee awareness and understanding of Company policies.
                                                                                                                        83
AoFrio Ltd




Principle 2 – Board composition and performance
The AoFrio Board comprises directors with an appropriate range and mix of skills and experience; who have a proper
understanding of, and competence to deal with, current and emerging issues of the business; and who can effectively
review and challenge the performance of management and exercise judgment independent of management. The
Board’s structure and governance arrangements are set out in the AoFrio Board Charter, which is available to view on
the Company’s website.

The AoFrio Constitution requires the Company to comply with the minimum Board composition requirements of the NZ
Stock Exchange which are that there must be at least three directors, and at least two directors must be independent
directors and two ordinarily resident in New Zealand. We assess director independence against the “disqualifying
relationship” criteria in the NZX Listing Rules. The Board currently has five directors, all of whom are considered
independent.

Profiles of all directors and their dates of appointment are set out in the Directors section of this Annual Report on
pages 16 to 17 and are available on the Company’s website.

Attendance at meetings held during 2025 was:


                                          John           Greg           Roz          Melissa       John             Keith
 Directors’ meetings
                                          Scott          Allen         Buick          Clark-    McMahon             Oliver
                                                                                    Reynolds

 Meetings held whilst a director             11             11             11              4            11               11
 Attendance                                  11             11            10               4            10               9

                                                      John                 Keith                Greg       Melissa Clark-
 Audit Committee meetings
                                                   McMahon                 Oliver               Allen           Reynolds

 Meetings held whilst a committee
                                                            3                   3                   3                    1
 member
 Attendance                                                 3                   2                   3                    1

                                                       Keith                John
 Executive Appointment &
 Remuneration Committee meetings                       Oliver               Scott


 Meetings held whilst a
                                                            4                   4
 committee member
 Attendance                                                 4                   4

 Technology & Innovation                                John                 Roz                        Melissa
 Committee meetings                                     Scott               Buick                Clark-Reynolds

 Meetings held whilst a                                                                                         1
                                                            3                   3
 committee member
 Attendance                                                 3                   3                               1




84
Annual Report 2025




As the Board is small, the Company has not established a separate nomination committee as recommended under
the NZX Corporate Governance Code, believing these matters are best dealt with by the full Board of Directors.
Periodically the Board evaluates its performance, composition, size, diversity and mix of skills. The method of review
is determined by the chairperson annually and may include interviews, questionnaires and/or external review. The
Board is satisfied that it is operating well and that the performance processes we have used are both effective and
suited to the Company.

When a decision is made to recruit a new director, the Board identifies candidates with a mix of capabilities and
perspectives considered necessary for the Board to carry out its responsibilities effectively. The Board also considers
the skills of the existing directors to ensure that the skills of the new director will complement and add to the
effectiveness of decision making. Appropriate pre-appointment checks are made on the background and suitability of
all directors.

New Board members enter into a written agreement establishing the terms of their appointment. A director appointed
by the Board must stand for election at the next annual meeting. Listing Rule 2.7.1 requires directors to stand for
re-election on the later of three years and the third annual shareholders’ meeting after their appointment. Retiring
directors are eligible for re-election.

Directors undertake to attend appropriate education to remain current in how to best perform their duties as directors.
Directors are encouraged to attend courses and maintain membership of relevant bodies, such as the Institute of
Directors.

Directors receive information independently from management in relation to specific issues relevant to AoFrio,
the markets in which the Company operates and to NZX listed companies generally. All directors have access to
management for any additional information they consider necessary for informed decision making.

Director Independence
The independence of directors is determined under the NZX Listing Rules and the NZX Code.


In considering whether a director is independent, the Board has regard to the factors described in the NZX Code
that may impact director independence (if applicable) and considers all the circumstances including the history of the
relationship between the director and the company and the director’s tenure on the Board. In summary this means
that they are not (or associated in any way with) existing or former suppliers, customers or substantial shareholders
or recent former executives of AoFrio and they are free of any direct or indirect interests or relationships or length of
tenure (under the NZX Code, a period of 12 years or more is a factor that may affect independence) with AoFrio that
could reasonably interfere, or reasonably be seen to interfere, in a material way, with the independent exercise of their
judgement on issues before the Board and their acting in the best interests of AoFrio and representing the interests of
the holders of the Company’s financial products generally.


Directors must immediately disclose to the Company a change in the status of a director’s independence.


The roles of Chair and Chief Executive Officer are exercised by different persons. The Chair is appointed by the Board
from amongst the independent directors.


In discharging their respective duties, individual directors may, with the prior approval of the Chair seek advice from
external professional advisors from time to time, with any costs being met by the Company. In 2025, no costs were
incurred by the Company.




                                                                                                                          85
AoFrio Ltd




Indemnity and Insurance
In accordance with section 162 of the Companies Act and the Company’s Constitution, and to the extent permitted
by law, AoFrio has indemnified and arranged insurance for all current and former directors and executive officers of
the Company and its subsidiary companies. The indemnity and insurance protect the directors and executive officers
against liabilities that arise when they carry out their normal duties. The indemnity and insurance do not apply to
liabilities which cannot be insured or indemnified by law, or that relate to conduct involving a lack of good faith.

Principle 3 – Board committees
The Board has established three standing committees to guide and assist them with overseeing certain aspects of
corporate governance. These committees are the Audit & Risk Committee, the Technology and Innovation Committee
and the Executive Appointments, Remuneration and Nomination Committee. Each Committee operates under a
Board-approved charter that sets out its delegations and responsibilities. These Committees play a crucial part in
the governance framework and review matters on behalf of the Board, subject to the terms of each Committee’s
charter. The Board appoints the members of the Committees, and members are selected based on relevant skills
and experience. Each Committee is empowered to seek any information it requires from employees in pursuing its
duties and to obtain independent legal or other professional advice. In practice, employees only attend meetings of the
Committees at the invitation of the relevant Committee.

Audit & Risk Committee
The Audit & Risk Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and assists the Board in overseeing; the
quality and integrity of external financial reporting including the accuracy, completeness, and timeliness of financial
statements; the appropriateness of accounting policies, areas of judgement, compliance with accounting standards,
stock exchange and legal requirements; the business’s relationship with, and the independence of, the external
auditor; and enterprise risk management.

The committee also approves any non-audit work carried out by the Company’s auditor and ensures that the lead
partner in the audit firm is rotated every five years.

The committee currently comprises three non-executive directors, all of whom independent and at least one of whom
has a financial or accounting background. The Chair of the Committee is not also the Chair of the Board.

The current members are John McMahon (Committee Chair), Keith Oliver and Greg Allen.

Executive Appointments, Remuneration and Nomination Committee
The Executive Appointments, Remuneration and Nomination Committee operates under a charter approved by
the Board and assists the Board in; the remuneration and appointment of the senior executive team; management
succession planning; reviewing and approving compensation arrangements; establishing employee incentive
schemes and the remuneration of the Board. The Committee also advises on proposals for significant company-
wide remuneration policies and programmes. In carrying out this role, the sub-committee operates independently of
senior management of the Company and, where appropriate, obtains independent advice on remuneration policy and
packages.

The Committee must be comprised of at least a majority of independent directors. Employees only attend meetings at
the invitation of the Committee.

The current members are independent directors Keith Oliver (Committee Chair) and John Scott.




86
Annual Report 2025




Technology & Innovation Committee
The Technology & Innovation Committee operates for the primary purpose of overseeing and providing counsel on
matters of innovation and technology. The current members are Roz Buick (Committee Chair) and John Scott.

Other committees
From time-to-time the Board may establish a Committee to assist in the management of a matter or project.

Whilst not a committee of Board members, AoFrio has a Health and Safety Committee that meets monthly and reports
to the Board. The Company is strongly committed to maintaining a safe and healthy workplace and believes all
accidents are preventable. The Committee is made up of a mix of senior management and staff from key operational
areas. The Committee strives to; maintain and continually improve our health and safety systems; proactively identify
hazards and take all steps to eliminate or mitigate these; consult and actively promote participation in health and
safety matters throughout the Company.

Control Transaction Protocols
The Company has established protocols for dealing with a control transaction should an offer be received.


Principle 4 – Reporting and disclosure
The Board is committed to the promotion of investor confidence by timely, balanced, accurate and meaningful
reporting of financial and non-financial information, including both positive and negative news. As a listed company
there is an imperative imperative to ensure the market is informed and that the Company’s listed securities are being
fairly valued by the market.

The integrity of the Company’s financial reporting and disclosures is supported through several mechanisms,
including:

Continuous Disclosure
The Board seeks to promote investor confidence by ensuring that dealing in its securities take place in an efficient,
competitive and informed market. The Company strives to ensure that all investors have equal and timely access to
market sensitive information. The Company considers that evenly balanced disclosure (during good times and bad)
is fundamental to building shareholder value and earning the trust of staff, customers, suppliers, communities, and
shareholders.

The Company has a Board-approved Group Market Disclosure Policy (available on the Company’s website) and
established disclosure procedures, which aim to ensure directors and staff are aware of and fulfil the Company’s
disclosure obligations in accordance with best practice and the NZX Listing Rules.

The Board has delegated responsibility for the day-to-day oversight of the Company’s continuous disclosure
obligations to a Disclosure Committee comprising the Chair of the Board, the Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee,
the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. In addition, the Group Market Disclosure Policy requires
directors and management to regularly consider if there is any information that may require disclosure, and there is
a standing agenda item at Board meetings regarding continuous disclosure. All market disclosures are made to the
NZX and are available on the Company’s website.




                                                                                                                        87
AoFrio Ltd




The Board promptly reviews and approves material announcements and specifically considers with management
at each Board meeting whether there are any issues which might require disclosure to the market under the NZX
continuous disclosure requirements.

The Company operates an Investor website which is designed to provide relevant public information to all Investors.
For further details on how the Company engages with its shareholders and investors, refer to the Group Market
Disclosure Policy which is available on the Company’s website.


Financial Reporting
The Board has overall responsibility for ensuring the integrity of the Company’s reporting to shareholders, including
for financial statements that comply with generally accepted accounting practice. The Audit & Risk Committee assists
the Board to fulfil its responsibilities in this area. The Committee makes enquiries of management and the external
auditors (including requiring management representations) so that the Company can be satisfied as to the validity and
accuracy of all aspects of AoFrio’s financial reporting.

The Company’s financial results are reported in its Annual Report in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to
International Financial Reporting Standards and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The Annual
Report includes detailed financial commentary and notes to the financial statements which also explain any changes
to financial reporting.

The Board receives formal assurances from the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer that the annual
financial statements for the group present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the AoFrio Group at 31
December and the financial performance and cash flows for the financial year, and that they comply with IFRS.

AoFrio strives to improve the clarity and readability of its financial statements, while continuing to comply with all the
requirements of the financial reporting standards including the Companies Act 1993, the Financial Markets Conduct
Act 2013, and the NZX Listing Rules.

The Company ensures that financial information reported in investor materials for road shows, Company overviews
and other documents is portrayed in an accurate, fair, and understandable format, and is disclosed to the NZX in
accordance with the Company’s Group Market Disclosure Policy.

Climate Reporting
The Company is not a climate reporting entity under Part 7A of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 and is
therefore not required to prepare a climate-related disclosure statement.

Non-Financial Reporting
The Company provides non-financial disclosures on environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices and
performance in its Annual Report.

Balanced Disclosures
The Company’s aim is that its reporting is balanced, clear and objective and includes consideration of material
environmental, economic, and social factors and explains how operational and non-financial objectives are measured.

The Company discloses its Code of Conduct, its Board and Committee Charters and certain key governance
documents and policies on the Company’s website.




88
Annual Report 2025




Information for investors
The Company’s website includes the Company’s reports, investor communications, audio and video releases and
the governance policies and charters referred to in this document. The Annual and Interim Reports are available in
electronic and hard copy format.


Principle 5 – Remuneration
The Executive Appointment and Remuneration Committee is responsible for ensuring directors and executives
receive the appropriate rewards to support AoFrio in achieving its commercial and stakeholder goals. The Executive
Appointment and Remuneration Committee has a formal charter. Its membership and role are set out under Principle
3 above.

Approach to Remuneration
The Company’s remuneration strategy aims to attract, motivate, and retain talented employees at all levels of the
Company and seeks to align the interests of its shareholders and employees, whilst driving performance and growth
in shareholder value and return. This strategy is supported by a performance-based remuneration system that, among
other things, seeks to align individual employee objectives with the Company’s strategic and business goals.

The Executive Appointments, Remuneration and Nomination Committee is responsible for ensuring directors and
executives receive the appropriate rewards to support AoFrio in achieving its commercial and stakeholder goals. The
Committee has a formal charter. Its membership and role are set out under Principle 3 above.

Director Remuneration
Directors’ fees are intended to be aligned with other organisations of similar scale and complexity. Directors’ fees
are currently set at a maximum aggregate cap of $400,000 per annum. This was approved by shareholders at the
2019 Annual Meeting. Directors’ fees paid in the 2025 financial year amounted to $336,833 due to the small size of
the Board. Full disclosure of director remuneration is set out on page 74. Other than as disclosed here, no director
is entitled to any other remuneration or retirement benefits from AoFrio. Directors are entitled to be reimbursed for
reasonable travel, accommodation and other expenses incurred by them in connection with their attendance at Board
or shareholder meetings or otherwise in connection with AoFrio business.

The Executive Appointments, Remuneration and Nomination Committee conducts a regular review of directors’ fees,
to determine whether the level of fees paid to the Company’s chair and other non-executive directors is aligned with
other organisations of similar scale, scope, and complexity. Fees are normally subject to an overall cap, approved
by the shareholders. At the 2022 Annual Meeting, shareholders approved increases to fees paid to directors but
within the $400,000 aggregate cap. The fees payable to directors was most recently reviewed by the Executive
Appointments, Remuneration and Nomination Committee in 2025 which recommended that no change to directors
fees be made. Any increases in fees paid to directors must be authorised by the Board and be within the above
aggregate cap approved by shareholders.

Executive Remuneration Policy
AoFrio’s approach is to pay a base salary and a performance-based bonus that includes a short-term and a long-term
incentive component. This ensures executive motivation is aligned with the goals of the Company in the short and
long term.


As stated above, the Company recognises our people are critical to our business and its growth strategies. AoFrio’s
remuneration strategy is to pay executives a remuneration that is fair and reasonable in a competitive market for
the skills, knowledge and experience required by the Company. Salaries are determined for their current position
in the market using relevant and up to date market benchmark data and an individual’s performance and are


                                                                                                                       89
AoFrio Ltd




reviewed annually. Many of our employees are based outside of New Zealand and remuneration varies by location in
accordance with the local market.


Chief Executive’s Remuneration
The following tables sets out the payments made to the CEO during FY2025.


 Greg Balla – CEO
 Fixed remuneration                                                                                           $485,915
 Short term incentive payment for 2025                                                                         $62,235
 Employer contributions to KiwiSaver                                                                           $16,444
 Total remuneration                                                                                           $564,594

Greg Balla is eligible for an annual STI target payment of 15% of base salary based on a combination of Board-
approved financial and business improvement objectives being achieved, with 50% of that target from agreed
economic objectives and 50% of that target from agreed management objectives. Overachievement is possible up to a
maximum of 238% if financial objectives are substantially overachieved. The Board of Directors must approve any STI
payment, and such payment will only be made if a minimum EBITDA threshold level is achieved.

Greg Balla was issued 12,930,000 share options representing 2.99% of the Company’s ordinary shares at the time
of issue. 8.62 million options vested on 1 October 2024 and may be exercised within 18 months following 1 October
2024 at an exercise price of 9.1 cents per share. Provided he is a full-time employee on 1 October 2025, a further 4.31
million options vested on 1 October 2025 and may be exercised within 18 months of that date at an exercise price of
11.5 cents per share.

Principle 6 – Risk Management
AoFrio is a global, complex business that is exposed to a range of strategic, financial and operational risks. Risk
management is ingrained in AoFrio’s strategic and operational activities and is a priority for the Board.

The Audit & Risk Committee assists the Board with its oversight, monitoring, and review of risk. Bi-annually there is
a review of the entire risk landscape to establish a forward-looking perspective on business risks, both financial and
non-financial, in both the internal and external environment. The Committee provides a forum for discussion of risk,
including the Board’s appetite for risk, with the Chief Executive Officer and management. The Chief Executive Officer
and senior management team are required to regularly identify the major risks affecting the business and to develop
strategies to mitigate these risks. Significant risks are discussed at each Board meeting, or as required.

The Company maintains insurance policies that it considers adequate to meet the insurable risks of the Group.
Exposure to any foreign exchange risk is managed in accordance with policies laid down by the Board.

Safety and Wellness
The health, safety, and wellbeing of our people (employees, contractors, customers, and members of the public whom
we interact with) is paramount.

Management’s Health and Safety Committee meets monthly and reports to the Board on health, safety, and wellbeing
matters. Minutes of the Health and Safety Committee are a priority agenda item at all Board meetings and specific
reviews are sought as required. The committee continuously reviews health and safety risks and systems used




90
Annual Report 2025




to identify and manage those risks, ensuring they are fit for purpose, are being effectively implemented, regularly
reviewed, and improved. The frequency of incidents has been low and no Accident Compensation claims involving
the Company have been recorded for several years. The Board undertakes ongoing health and safety education and
regularly visits key operational sites.

Principle 7 – Auditors
The Audit Committee has oversight responsibility for the Company’s external audit arrangements and the Board
appoints the external auditor.

The NZX Listing Rules require rotation of the lead audit partner at least every five years and this requirement is
reflected in the Audit Committee’s Charter, available on the Company’s website.

The Company has adopted a policy, set out in the Audit Committee’s Charter, to ensure that audit independence is
maintained, both in fact and appearance, so that AoFrio’s external financial reporting is both reliable and credible.
The Committee must pre-approve and monitor all audit-related services and non-audit services to be provided by the
Company’s audit firm to ensure that these services comply with the requirements of Professional & Ethical Standards
1, Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners in maintaining the independence of the external auditors. The external
auditor must monitor its independence and report to the Board that it has remained independent.

To ensure full and frank dialogue between the Audit Committee and the auditor, the auditor’s senior representatives
meet separately with the Committee (without management present) at least twice a year, including immediately before
finalisation and release of the Company’s half-year and full-year financial results to the market.

Representatives of the Company’s external auditor, Deloitte, are invited to attend the annual shareholders meeting
where they are available to answer shareholders’ questions relevant to the audit.

For a copy of the Company’s most recent audit report, relating to the last financial year, refer to the Annual Report
available at www.aofrio.com/investors.

The Audit Committee also has oversight responsibility for the Company’s climate-related assurance requirements.

Internal Audit
The Audit Committee has oversight of the internal audit function. Due to its small size, the Company does not have
an internal audit function as is recommended by the NZX Code. As discussed above, the Chief Executive Officer is
accountable for all operational and compliance risks across the Company’s operations and businesses. The Chief
Executive Officer has management accountability for the effective control, implementation and improvement of internal
systems and controls.

Principle 8 – Shareholder rights and Relations
The Board’s policy is to ensure, in an open and transparent manner, that shareholders are informed of all major and
strategic developments affecting the Company.

We provide information about who we are, including our governance policies, on our website for investors to access at
any time.

The Company releases all material information via the NZX in accordance with its continuous disclosure requirements.
All major disclosures are also posted on the Company’s website on a timely basis.
The Company provides a printed copy of its annual report to shareholders who have elected to receive a printed copy.




                                                                                                                        91
AoFrio Ltd




The Annual Report is available on the Company’s website in accordance with the requirements of the NZ Companies
Act 1993.

The Company’s share register is managed and maintained by Computershare. Shareholders can access
their shareholding details or make enquiries about their current shareholding interests online or by contacting
Computershare by mail or by telephone.

Company Website and Material
The Company’s website is used actively to complement the official release of material information to the market,
enabling broader access to Company information by investors and stakeholders. The Company’s website has copies
of all presentations, media releases and reports.

Electronic Communications
The Company seeks to continually improve its online and electronic communications and improve the functionality of
its website. The Company encourages shareholders to provide email addresses to enable the receipt of shareholder
communications by electronic means, and the option to receive the Annual Report in electronic format. As at 22
January 2026, approximately 77% of AoFrio’s shareholders and investors had elected to receive communications
electronically from the Company’s registrar, Computershare Investor Services Limited.

Shareholder Voting Rights
In accordance with the Companies Act 1993, the Company’s Constitution and the NZX Listing Rules, the Company
refers the election of directors and major decisions that may change the nature of the Company to shareholders
for approval. Voting at shareholder meetings is based on one share, one vote and voting is conducted by poll.
Shareholders may lodge postal votes and appoint a proxy to vote on their behalf at the meeting. Voting outcomes are
announced to the market in accordance with the NZX Listing Rules.

Capital Raisings
If the Company seeks additional equity capital, the Board will ensure it considers the interests of existing shareholders
and, where that is reasonable and in the best interests of the Company, permit shareholders to participate on a
pro-rata basis.

Annual Shareholders’ Meetings
Details of the Company’s Annual Shareholders Meetings are made available on the Company’s website. The
Company targets to have its notices of the annual meeting available on the Company’s website at least 20 working
days prior to the meeting.

The Board encourages active participation by shareholders at the meetings and shareholders may present questions
during the meeting. Consistent with best practice, the external auditor is available to answer questions from
shareholders at the Annual Shareholders Meetings and in attendance are the Company’s legal advisers and share
registry provider.

The Annual Shareholder Meeting presentation materials are made available on the Company’s website.

The materials provided to shareholders prior to the meeting describe the arrangements for the meeting, the timing for
the return of voting and proxy forms and how shareholders can propose questions and vote at the meeting. Notices
of meeting sent to shareholders describe how shareholders can send questions in advance of the meeting which are




92
Annual Report 2025




then addressed at the meeting.

The Company’s 2025 Annual Shareholders Meeting was held on a hybrid basis, with shareholders participating in
the meeting either in person or via an online service through an internet connection established by Computershare
using a computer, laptop, tablet, or smartphone. The Company intends to continue to provide this online capability to
shareholders in conjunction with physical meetings.

Differences in Practice to NZX Code
Under the NZX Listing Rules, the Company is required to disclose the extent to which its corporate governance
practices materially differ from the above principles set out in the NZX Code. The Board-approved differences relating
to the period up to the date of this Corporate Governance Statement are described below.

The Company has not published standalone remuneration policies for its directors and executives because it
publishes details of its remuneration policies for directors and executives in AoFrio’s Corporate Governance
Statements and Annual Reports, which are available on the Company’s website. The disclosures outline the relative
weightings of remuneration components and relevant performance criteria.

As stated above, given the size of the Company, we have not established a separate Nomination Committee to deal
with director nominations, as recommended under the NZX Corporate Governance Code, but in September 2023 we
combined the functions typically associated with such a committee within a reconstituted Executive Appointments,
Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

Recognising the small size of the Company, we have not previously published diversity targets, as recommended
by the NZX Code. However, the Company’s Diversity and Inclusion Policy adopted by the Board in September 2023
provides for the Company to track diversity, equity and inclusion statistics and report on them in our Annual Report
as appropriate. See the latest Annual Report for details of targets and performance against those targets in the 2025
financial year.

This Corporate Governance Statement was approved by the Board of AoFrio on 25 February 2026.




                                                                                                                        93
AoFrio Ltd




94
Annual Report 2025




Contacts
AoFrio offices                                     Internet and social media
                                                   Website: www.aofrio.com
New Zealand (Head office)                          Email: info@aofrio.com
AoFrio Ltd                                         LinkedIn
78 Apollo Drive                                    Twitter
Rosedale, Auckland 0632
New Zealand
                                                   Address and registered office
Postal Address                                     78 Apollo Drive
P.O. Box 302 – 533                                 Rosedale, Auckland 0632, New Zealand
North Harbour                                      PO Box 302-533, North Harbour,
Auckland 0751, New Zealand                         Auckland 0751, New Zealand

Ph: 64-9-477 4500
                                                   Auditor
Mexico                                             Deloitte Limited
Wellington Latin America Services SA de CV         1 Queen Street, Auckland CBD, Auckland 1010
Av. Paseo Monte Miranda Oriente 15,
Edificio Orvit, Torre 2, piso 6 - 609              Banker
EL Marques, Queretaro                              Bank of New Zealand
CP. 76240
Mexico                                             Share registry
                                                   Computershare Investor Services Ltd,
Ph: +52 42727 48161                                Private Bag 92119, Auckland 1142,
                                                   New Zealand
Brazil
Wellington Drive Technologies (Brazil)
Rua Xamim, 370 - Iririu
Joinville, SC
Brazil 89227917-315

Ph: +55 47 3028 3858

Turkey
Wellington Motor Teknolojileri San Tic Ltd. Sti.
Fatih Sultan Mehmet Mah.
Poligon Cad. No: 8C
Buyaka Kule 3 Kat:11 Daire:70
Tepeüstü 34771 Umraniye – Istanbul

Ph: +90 0 (216) 420 12 02
Fax: +90 0 (216) 420 12 05




                                                                                                 95
Annual Report 2025




AoFrio
Annual Report
2025


www.aofrio.com
                     96
