Beyond the Motor




Annual Report 2014
     Contents

                       Overview
               1       Our Business
               5       2014 Business Highlights
               6       Report of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



                       Our Company
             14        Directors
             15        Senior Management
             17        Statutory Information
             20        Shareholder Information
             22        Corporate Governance
             25        Independent Auditors’ Report
             27        Statements of Comprehensive Income
             28        Statements of Movements in Equity
             30        Statements of Financial Position
             31        Cash Flow Statements
             32        Notes to the Financial Statements
             66        Directory




     ® is a registered Trade Mark of Wellington Drive Technologies Ltd


     There are statements in this document that are “forward-looking statements”. As these forward-looking statements are predictive in nature, they
     are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties relating to Wellington, its operations, the markets in which it competes and other factors (some of
     which are beyond the control of Wellington). As a result of the foregoing, actual results and conditions may differ materially from those expressed or
     implied by such statements. In particular, Wellington's operations and results are significantly influenced by the extent to which energy efficient motor
     technology is promoted in Wellington's key markets, competitor product development and demand and pricing, fluctuations in key commodity prices
     or costs in the countries of Wellington's suppliers, availability of key components, relative exchange rates and profitability of customers, all of which can
     have a substantial impact on Wellington's results of operations and financial condition. Other risks include customer concentration risk and misuse of
     Wellington's intellectual property.




2 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Our Business
Mission
Wellington’s mission is to deliver solutions to solve its
customers’ commercial refrigeration energy efficiency
and system control problems, through the development
of Advanced Electronic Motors, Airflow Solutions and
Intelligent Refrigeration Controllers. Personal service,
reliable products, smart solutions and relentless pursuit
of excellence will ensure Wellington leads the competition
and builds a world class company.



Our Strategic Pillars
Since the beginning of 2012 Wellington’s strategy has been driven by the need to move ‘Beyond the Motor’ and
provide customers with innovative new products, supported by a low cost supply chain, leading to diversified
revenues and improving profitability.




The two pillars of the company strategy, which have remained consistent since 2012, are:

• Continuous improvement in the core Electronic Motor and Airflow Solutions business through customer driven
  product development, executing core ‘bottle cooler’ market growth plans, diversifying motor revenue streams,
  developing new markets, improving business process and delivering continual cost reduction.
• Innovating for customers by developing Intelligent Refrigeration Controllers that reduce total cost of ownership of
  the refrigeration system by solving customers’ maintenance problems and providing connectivity solutions that
  improve the operational and sales performance of the refrigerator.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2014   1
     Wellington expects to achieve a profit turnaround and revenue diversification by pursuing the following strategic
     priorities:

     1. Expanding geographical reach and customer diversification through sales distribution partnerships.
     2. Developing new customer relationships and growing revenues in the supermarket sector.
     3. Launching the new ECR2 motor, a motor targeted at supporting supermarket display case customers.
     4. Launching the SCSConnect fleet management solution, Wellington’s first Smart Controller product.
     5. Delivering a lower cost, higher capability supply chain in partnership with East West and other strategic suppliers.



     Our Products
     Wellington serves customers in the refrigerated display
     case market with its motor, airflow and ‘connected’
     controller solutions operating in beverage coolers, ice
     cream and food freezers and supermarket display cases.
     The product portfolio provides a range of refrigeration
     solutions designed to improve refrigeration efficiency,
     optimise airflow and reduce the total cost of ownership
     through improving the way customers manage their
     refrigeration fleet.

     Alongside its advanced Energy Efficient Motor products,
     Wellington also sells a standard shaded pole motor range,
     branded AMV. Both motor product lines take advantage
     of specially designed fan blades with motor and fan
     combinations working together to improve energy consumption and
     optimise airflow.

     In the second half of 2015, sales of the latest products are expected to
     commence with the ECR2 motor and the SCSConnect Smart Controller.
     The ECR2 motor offers a step function in EC Motor performance with
     lower noise and increased efficiency for supermarket and bottle cooler
     customers. ECR2’s smart control features allow power consumption to
     be further reduced by tuning airflow to the exact needs of the system.

                                             ‘Get Connected’ - The
                                             SCSConnect platform will
                                             improve customers’ total
                                             refrigeration system cost by
                                             simplifying maintenance,
                                             improving energy consumption
                                             and providing connectivity
                                             capability. With Bluetooth Smart®
                                             capability, SCSConnect controllers
                                             can connect to Wellington’s SCSConnect
                                             System suite of cooler fleet management software
                                             that allows customers to more effectively monitor and manage their coolers
                                             in the field. The SCSConnect also features iBeacon® capability for instore
                                             marketing. Unlike off-the-shelf iBeacons, SCSConnect controllers have no
                                             batteries to run down, will not go missing, and can interact with the consumer
                                             via the cooler itself.




2 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Our People
Wellington is being rebuilt around the strength of its team. Our people work hard to develop compelling products,
support customers’ supply chain needs and reduce costs. Their dedication to ensuring the business continually
improves its performance and ultimately delivers a positive return for shareholders is what drives them.

Chris Tucker – Senior Engineering Team
Leader
“I work within Wellington’s product innovation team
which is based in Auckland, New Zealand. This team
develops products that customers tell Wellington
they need. Over the last few years our business has
changed to be more customer centric and a lot of
time is spent understanding how to add features and
capabilities to products that solve customer ‘real life’
problems. Our team has designed the new ECR2
motor to be highly energy efficient and very quiet, and
we believe supermarket customers will appreciate the
positive impact that it will have on their coolers and in
their supermarkets and retail stores.”

Gerardo Gonzalez – VP & GM, Intelligent
Systems Business Unit
“I am based in Atlanta, USA and am proud to lead
the Smart Controller business for Wellington, taking
to our customers solutions that improve their cooler
fleet management, equipment performance, identify
customer behaviours and increase sales. It is exciting
that our SCSConnect product is in-market trials with
major global beverage brands which is allowing
Wellington to optimise the solution for this new market.
Wellington believes there is potential to diversify
beyond bottle coolers and deploy SCSConnect type
smart control solutions into supermarket display cases,
refrigerated transportation and medical refrigeration.”

Geoff Black – Software Team Leader
 “I am the team leader for software development, based
in Auckland, New Zealand. The team innovates to find
new ways for our Smart Controllers to communicate
with mobile devices and the Cloud, using Bluetooth
Low Energy and other connectivity technologies,
and we can’t wait to see the positive impact that we
know this will provide for customers. We specialise
in developing the electronics and control software
for Wellington’s ECR motors. These controls allow
motors to be configured to suit the specific needs of
each customer’s refrigeration systems to maximise
performance and energy efficiency. We are a multi-
skilled team with electronic engineers, firmware
developers, product test engineers and app developers
all working together to create compelling solutions.”




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2014   3
           Delivery Network
           Since 2004 Wellington has delivered over 5 million motors to customers across 26 countries. Wellington’s global
           network supports its customers in the development of their product needs, supply chain delivery requirements and
           new technology roadmaps. Customer-focused teams are located in New Zealand, Mexico, Brazil, China, Singapore,
           Turkey, Italy and the USA, working around the clock to ensure that Wellington ‘delivers’ for customers.

           With its supply chain partner factories in Vietnam, China, Indonesia and Malaysia and regional distribution partners,
           Wellington has the global reach to ensure that customers receive personal attention with a high quality product range
           that is manufactured and delivered on time.




Customers:
Leading Food and Beverage Brands
Supermarket Retailers
Refrigeration Original Equipment Manufacturers
Regional Refrigeration Parts Distributors




                                                                                                                Strategic Suppliers:
                                                                                                                Changzhou, China

                                                             EMEA Business Office:
                                                             Istanbul, Turkey                                         Asia Pacific Business Office
                                       Strategic Partner                                                              Shanghai, China
                                       East West
                                       Manufacturing
Americas Business Office
                                       Atlanta, USA
and Depots:
Queretaro, Mexico
                                                                                     Strategic Suppliers:
                                                                                     HCMC, Vietnam and Batam,                          Head Office,
                                                                                     Indonesia                                         Customer
                                                                                                                                       Innovation
                                                                                                                                       Centre and
                                                                                                                                       Supply Chain
                                                                                                                                       Management
                                                                                                                                       Auckland,
                                                                                                                                       New Zealand


      Distributors and
      sales agents                                     Wellington Drive Technologies
      Product flows
                                                       Global Customer Solutions Network




   4 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
2014 Business Highlights


            In-market trials
                                                 Refrigeration
            commence with
                                                 Revenue declines
            SCSConnect
                                                 to $17.8 million
            customers


                                                  Customer
           Significant cost
                                                  diversification with
           reductions improve
                                                  new customers
           projected breakeven
                                                  added to portfolio




Commercial refrigeration revenue declines from $25.4 million in
2013 to $17.8 million, as a result of Latin American demand.


Supply chain and operating cost reduction significantly reduces
revenue required for projected breakeven.


SCSConnect in-market trials started with global beverage
companies and cooler manufacturers.


Customer acquisition success with over 15 new customers
added to the portfolio, with the majority in the APAC region.




                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2014   5
     Report of the Chairman and Chief
     Executive Officer
     2014 in Review
     The 2014 financial year was a period of continued focus on improving
     the fundamentals of the business, including supply chain costs and
     manufacturing capability, product costs, operating cost structure, new
     customer and new product pipelines.

     Financial performance in 2014 was disappointing, primarily as a result
     of large reductions seen in customer demand from the Latin American
     market. Wellington did not allow the impact of a weaker end-market to
     de-focus it from developing new products, developing new customer
     relationships and ensuring the Company diversified its customer base.

     Revenue for 2014 was $17.8 million with gross margin (note 2) of 18%.
     Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment (EBITDA note 1) resulted in a loss of NZ$4.0
     million compared to losses of NZ$2.9 million in 2013 and NZ$4.1 million in 2012. The Comprehensive Loss for the
     year was $4.4 million compared to $4.0 million in 2013. Despite this result, the team was encouraged by the cost and
     margin performance and ability to mitigate losses impacted by the $7.6 million decline in refrigeration revenue.

     Revenue Performance
     In USD terms, revenue in 2014 was $US14.6 million compared with $US22.5 million recorded in 2013. This decrease
     is attributable to discontinuance of the ventilation product in 2013 and aforementioned weakness in Latin American
     demand.

     The chart below shows the annual trend for commercial refrigeration revenue:


                                                  Revenue - Refrigeration USD
                       25000

                       20000

                       15000
             $,000's




                       10000

                        5000

                           0
                               2008 (Act)   2009 (Act)   2010 (Act)   2011 (Act)   2012 (Act)   2013 (Act)   2014 (Act)



     Revenues in Latin America decreased 46% due to lower market demand from several customers. These demand
     declines were not a result of losing specific customer relationships; rather they were caused by market driven issues
     such as the overall declines in carbonated soft drink (CSD) volumes, the Mexico sugar tax temporarily depressing
     CSD volumes in that country and Argentina’s foreign currency restrictions stopping import of motors to that country.
     Wellington also saw increased competitive pressure, particularly in its Mexican and Columbian markets resulting in
     some loss of share. These market share losses have already been recovered as the company enters 2015.

     Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region revenue increased 27% as a result of improved volume from major
     customers, including a new supermarket manufacturer. Wellington saw increasing interest from European customers
     for its new ECR2 motor and expects that this new motor will allow Wellington to develop further new customer
     relationships in 2015.




6 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Asia Pacific (APAC) revenues also increased 27% due to additional volume in Thailand, Taiwan and Australia
particularly. Wellington’s non-EC AMV shaded pole motor business grew modestly, with its largest AMV customer
taking a greater number of units than in the previous year. Wellington is seeing increased interest for this product
in Asia and is exploring a number of new growth opportunities. Thailand remains Wellington’s largest APAC market
where it recently won a new EC Motor programme with a supermarket cooler manufacturer.


                                             Geographical Sales %

                          2014                                                         2013

                       12%       6%                                                  7%       7%


                                                     USA & Canada              16%
                                                     Latin America
                29%                   53%            EMEA                                     70%
                                                     APAC




In 2014 Wellington commenced new sales distribution partnerships in the USA and South China and appointed
sales agents in Australia, United Kingdom and South Africa. The distribution partners are focusing on new customer
targets for existing motor products and are also actively involved in marketing the ECR2 motor to major supermarket
manufacturers. These partnerships did not contribute material sales to the business in 2014 as they were just
commencing product sampling and marketing programmes. Wellington expects that over the next twelve to eighteen
months these new partners will contribute to its strategic goal of customer and revenue diversification.

Gross Profit Performance
2014 was the year that Wellington successfully completed a major transformation of its supply chain capability with
the aim to lower costs, improve execution performance and bring on board suppliers who could add value to the
Wellington business beyond manufacturing.

The transformation had four parts:

1. In March 2014, the rationalisation of supply chain capability was completed, resulting in the closure of the
   Singapore supply chain office. This delivered operating cost savings of $0.6 million annually. The supply chain is
   now managed from New Zealand with the support of its international supplier partners.
2. The transition to East West as a new motor manufacturer, based in Vietnam, was successfully completed in August
   2014 with no cost over-runs or customer delivery issues. This was a major achievement for the Company and a
   credit to the team. East West supplied the first motors in August and by December 31 2014 110,000 motors had
   been delivered. The East West partnership has expanded to include a North America sales distribution agreement.
3. In June 2014 Wellington completed the transition of motor electronics manufacturing from its China based supplier
   to a new lower cost Singaporean supplier, with factories in Indonesia and Malaysia. This transition was completed
   seamlessly without any disruption to customer supply.
4. Wellington worked with its long-standing China based motor manufacturing partner Matchwell, to improve
   production processes and supply chain efficiency. In 2014 Matchwell supplied the majority of the EC Motors
   purchased by Wellington. The two companies are exploring other possibilities for collaboration such as joint motor
   design and regional sales support.
Gross margin for 2014 was 18.0%, as compared to 18.7% in 2013 and 14% in 2012. 2014 was impacted by lower
than expected refrigeration volumes, which delayed the realisation of contracted cost reductions from East West and
did not allow Wellington to negotiate volume discounts from other partners. With the increased volume and further
supplier cost reductions expected in 2015, Wellington expects to achieve its gross margin target of 25%.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2014   7
                                                        Gross Profit %

                  20.00%
                   18.00%
                  16.00%
                   14.00%
                  12.00%
                   10.00%
                    8.00%
                    6.00%
                    4.00%
                    2.00%
                    0.00%
                              2008 (Act) 2009 (Act) 2010 (Act) 2011 (Act) 2012 (Act) 2013 (Act) 2014 (Act)


     The Gross Profit recorded for 2014 was $3.2 million. This is after recognising warranty costs amounting to
     $0.2 million, which is a $0.3 million increase compared to 2013. In 2014 a former ventilation customer notified
     the Company of a commercial claim in respect of a discontinued ventilation motor supplied in 2010 and 2011.
     Wellington’s legal advice is that there is no liability in this matter.

     Operating Expenses
     Operating expenses for 2014 were $8.4 million, a reduction of $1.0 million compared to 2013. This is attributable
     to the closure of the Singapore office, improvements in operating process efficiencies, reducing or removing
     overhead costs not directly associated with new product innovation or adding value for customers, and constraining
     discretionary spend.

     In particular, during 2014 Wellington:

     • Completed the transfer of supplier management activities from Singapore to New Zealand and closed the
       Singapore supply chain office, which resulted in headcount savings and process efficiencies.
     • Moved from the Omega Street facility to a lower cost new Customer Innovation Centre in Arrenway Drive,
       Auckland.
     • Increased the time spent by the New Zealand innovation team on new product development and
       commercialisation activities.

     Balance Sheet Adjustments
     Wellington closed the 2014 financial year with assets of $15.1 million, including inventory of $4.7 million and a cash
     balance of $1.2 million. Liabilities were $5.6 million (exclusive of borrowings which mandatorily convert into ordinary
     shares).

     There were a number of one-time balance sheet adjustments made in the 2014 result;

     • Patent impairment: the Company was granted a certain patent in New Zealand and Mexico but in the course of
       extending coverage to other regions, “prior art” was uncovered in Germany. This prior art means that the asset
       was impaired and accordingly a $55,000 non-cash charge was recognised.
     • VAT impairment: The Company has historically carried VAT assets in the Turkish and Italian subsidiaries. These
       assets are recoverable from VAT returns on domestic business and at current forecast volumes in those countries
       the assessment is that it will take several years to recover in cash. As a result, the asset was considered impaired
       which resulted in a $339,000 charge.
     There were no other significant write-offs or provisions. This demonstrates the improvement made in materials
     management, patent management, quality improvement and overall balance sheet risk management.




8 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
2014 Capital Programme
In May 2014 the Company raised $4.7 million (net of
expenses) by way of an issue of convertible preference
shares. The board and management are grateful to
Wellington’s shareholders supporting the Company’s
improvement plans with this new capital. The Company
had expected this capital to be adequate for its needs
through the 2015 year but, as a result of the revenue
declines, this was not achievable.

The preference share issue mandatorily converts into
ordinary shares in May 2017. Because the number
of ordinary shares that preference shareholders will
receive on the conversion date is not fixed, the shares
are required to be classified as borrowings. Accounting
standards require the borrowing to be measured
at amortised cost. In 2014, the amortised cost of
borrowing was $376,000 (2013: $nil). The preference
shares also have an embedded option, allowing
preference shareholders to benefit if the share price of
the ordinary shares is above $0.25 at the conversion
date. Accounting standards require the option to be
recognised at fair value. A gain of $581,000 has been
recognised in the 2014 result in respect of the change
in fair value (2013: $nil).

Working Capital
Wellington closed the year with a $1.2 million cash
balance (2013: $3.0 million).

Cash flows from the preference shares issue in 2014
were used for new product development and for the
purchase of plant and equipment ($2.2 million) and to
fund the operating cash outflows ($4.4 million).

Inventory increased from $4.0 million to $4.7 million
as a result of strategic inventory built to manage the
inherent risk of a major supply chain transformation,
poor forecast visibility from customers and slower
than planned consumption due to the Latin American
demand issues. As Wellington enters 2015 these
higher than expected inventory levels are reducing,
with an unaudited inventory balance at the end of
February 2015 of $3.5 million. The improved inventory
management operating processes implemented in
2012 remain in operation and along with the now
completed East West supply chain transition should
ensure inventory is managed efficiently.




                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2014   9
      Turnaround Plan
      Wellington’s vision to move ‘beyond the motor’ and diversify the company away from sole reliance on the bottle cooler
      market continues to drive execution focus. Despite the setbacks in 2014, management continued to focus on five
      main strategic priorities, intended to progress the turnaround of the business and ultimately deliver improved financial
      performance. Significant progress was made in all areas.

      2014 - Five Main Priorities - Outcome
      1. Establish sales partnerships to access growth opportunities in new markets
         Wellington started working with five distributors and sales agencies in the USA, South China, United Kingdom,
         South Africa and Australia. Initial sales were made through these companies in 2014 as the relationships were
         commencing and marketing campaigns began. Wellington expects that these relationships will be important to its
         future revenue diversification and geographical expansion.
      2. Revenue diversification through increased business with supermarket display case manufacturers
         Wellington’s 4-watt ECR01 motor and integrated fan-pack (developed at the end of 2013) helped to increase
         sales to its main supermarket customer in 2014. Due to delays in the ECR2 development business growth in this
         sector wasn’t as expected, however Wellington continued to develop customer relationships in the segment and
         established positive feedback for its ECR2 product, giving a high level of confidence on future sales.
      3. Complete and launch the next generation ECR2 motor by the end of 2014
         Design completion of the ECR2 in 2014 was delayed by approximately 6 months. This was primarily as a result
         of a bias towards reducing overheads rather than increasing engineering capacity and also to the additional time
         needed to resolve unplanned technical challenges to ensure the products met customers’ needs. As of February
         2015, the ECR2 design had been completed and the product is entering the manufacturing stage, with sales
         expected in the second half of 2015.
      4. Complete a Smart Controller in-market trial with a major customer by end of 2014
         Wellington commenced in-market trials with four major customers in the fourth quarter of 2014, which was more
         trials than planned. These trials have provided valuable feedback that has allowed further enhancement of the
         performance of the product as Wellington prepares to start sales in the second half of 2015. There remains a
         higher demand for trials than able to be supported.
      5. Complete the East West supplier transition and enable lower manufacturing cost point
         This objective was successfully completed with all the required products qualified, shipments commencing in
         the third quarter 2014 and no customer service issues. Due to the lower demand from Latin America, insufficient
         volumes were achieved to realise the agreed pricing benefits from East West. Wellington expects this pricing to be
         achieved by third quarter 2015, dependant on customer volumes.




10 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Wellington’s 2015 Priorities
As a result of the revenue declines and worsening losses in 2014, the board and management took a hard look at
the Company’s turnaround and growth strategy. It was determined that the strategy of improving the core EC motor
business through a lower cost supply chain, diversifying revenues with a broader product roadmap and developing a
new Smart Controller business remained the best way to expand margins and deliver profitable growth.

The Company’s sales focus remains unchanged from 2014. It is designed to
consolidate and grow existing bottle cooler revenues and diversify revenue
streams into new markets. The sales initiatives are:

• Selling existing products to bottle cooler customers in current and new
  geographies
• Selling existing products to display case customers in the
  supermarket segment
• Selling existing products to new non-bottle cooler and non-
  supermarket segments
• Selling ECR2 and SCSConnect products to bottle cooler
  and supermarket segments
• Developing retail brand sponsorship and bottle cooler
  customers for the SCSConnect solution
The strategic priorities for 2015 are consistent with the
strategic path set in 2012 and the 2014 priorities. These
priorities are intended to put in place all the fundamentals
needed to achieve growth and profitability.

2015 – Five Main Priorities
1. Expanding geographical reach and customer diversification through sales
   distribution partnerships
   The new distributors that were added in 2014 are expected to win new
   customers and contribute to revenue growth in 2015. Wellington is also
   exploring distribution possibilities in other new markets where there is an
   identified need for Wellington EC Motor and Smart Controller products.
2. Developing new customer relationships and growing revenues in the supermarket segment
   Wellington expects to expand revenues with its existing supermarket customers as a result of the ECR2 launch.
   Reference customers will be important as the Company expands its presence in this segment of the market and
   expects to win further customers due to the success of the ECR2 motor.
3. Launching the new ECR2 motor, targeted at supermarket display case customers
   In January Wellington shipped samples of the ECR2 motor to selected bottler cooler and supermarket refrigeration
   equipment manufacturers and received positive feedback. The ECR2 product is expected to enter manufacturing
   pilot build in May 2015, and commence shipping to customers in Q3 2015. Some of these shipments will be to
   support large-scale in-market testing as a precursor to volume rollouts.
4. Launching the SCSConnect fleet management solution, the company’s first Smart Controller product
   The SCSConnect will exit trial phase with some customers in Q2 2015 and initial shipments to customers are
   expected to commence in Q3 or Q4 2015. These initial shipments could take the form of larger trials as customers
   develop and validate new operating systems to integrate the features that the SCSConnect offers. In 2015
   Wellington will start to expand its SCSConnect sales campaigns beyond bottle coolers to supermarket display
   cases.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2014   11
      5. Delivering a lower cost, higher capability supply chain with East West and other strategic suppliers
         As customer volumes are expected to improve through the first half of 2015 Wellington expects that the contracted
         East West volume pricing will be realised in Q3 2015. This new cost point, along with improved costs from other
         strategic suppliers, will allow the company to achieve its expected target of 25% gross margins and above.



      2015 Outlook
      At the beginning of 2015, Wellington is seeing a modest
      improvement in market demand from its Latin American
      customer base, particularly in Mexico, although it remains
      cautious given it is early in the buying season. Wellington
      believes it has been successful in regaining some of the
      market share lost in 2014 and is seeing early signs that
      beverage brands are ordering more than last year.

      Wellington expects only a modest revenue contribution
      from new products in 2015 as their release is planned for
      later in the year. The Company also anticipates small, but
      strategically meaningful revenue contribution from its new
      market entry strategies, including new distributors and new
      sales campaigns within new geographies such as the UK and China. Manufacturing costs should continue to reduce
      and operating costs will continue to be managed tightly.

      As a result, revenues and gross margins are expected to be somewhat higher than in 2014 with a considerably lower
      EBITDA loss and a breakeven result possible, dependant on the level of recovery in the market issues experienced in
      2014 and the expected adoption rate of new products.


                                                                Capital Plan
                                                                On March 1 2015, the Company announced it would
                                                                raise $3.2 million of additional capital by way of a fully
                                                                underwritten pro-rata rights issue of ordinary shares to
                                                                all eligible shareholders. This new capital is to ensure it
                                                                successfully launches its new products and successfully
                                                                executes on its profit and growth recovery plans.

                                                                The key features of the offer include:

                                                                • Raising $3 million, before issue expenses, through a 5:6
                                                                  rights issue of 105,310,930 new shares at 3 cents per
                                                                  new share
                                                                • The offer is expected to close on May 1 2015 with new
                                                                  shares allotted May 7 2015.
                                                                • The offer is renounceable
                                                                • The offer is fully underwritten by SuperLife Limited, a
                                                                  major shareholder in the Company
                                                                Wellington expects to be able to mail the offer document to
                                                                shareholders on April 14 2015.

                                                                In the event that SuperLife is required to increase its
                                                                shareholding above 20% and pursuant to the underwriting
                                                                commitment from SuperLife, the Company will seek
                                                                shareholder approval at the Annual Shareholder Meeting in
                                                                May 2015.




12 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Governance
The Board is committed to ensuring that the Company has the right skills in the governance and management team
to ensure successful execution of its turnaround strategy. 2014 saw the appointment of one new director to the board,
Mr John McMahon. Mr McMahon is a shareholder of the Company with the required experience and knowledge to
support the team and help ensure the Company’s success. 2014 saw the retirement of Mr Simon Mander, whose ten
years of service to the business has been greatly appreciated.

The board and management would like to thank shareholders for their support and patience as the team works
towards its strategic goals. Wellington is confident that the strategy and actions underway will deliver on its promise of
profitable growth.




                                        			

.....................................                                            .....................................

Tony Nowell                                                                      Greg Allen
Chairman                                                                         Chief Executive Officer


Note 1: EBITDA (i.e. Earnings before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment) is a non-GAAP earnings figure that equity analysts
tend to focus on for comparable company performance analysis. The Company considers that it is a useful financial indicator because it avoids the
distortions caused by the differences in amortisation and impairment policies. EBITDA is calculated as the loss before interest and taxation of $4.509
million (2013 - $3.748 million loss), less depreciation and amortisation of $0.447 million (2013 - $0.518 million) and less impairment of non-current
assets of $0.055 million (2013 - $0.318 million). These numbers have been extracted from our 31 December 2014 Financial Statements.
Note 2: Gross margin is the gross profit percentage calculated from GAAP measures of revenue and gross profit.




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2014       13
      Directors
                            Tony Nowell - Chairman               responsible for all commercial activities that the
                                                                 University of Auckland undertakes outside of New
                             Mr Nowell was appointed
                                                                 Zealand and Australia and she manages a team of
                             a director of Wellington in
                                                                 about 100 staff. Before taking up her current role Dr
                             March 2010 and Chairman
                                                                 Jacobs was Director Strategy & Development at The
                             in December 2010. He is an
                                                                 Icehouse, following a 13 year career with Belgian
                             experienced company leader
                                                                 corporate Bekaert, a world market and technology
                             in major New Zealand and
                                                                 leader in steel wire and steel cord products and
                             international businesses and
                                                                 applications. She is also a member of the Return of
                             also Chairs Scion (the Forest
                                                                 Science Physical Sciences Investment Committee and
      Research Institute of New Zealand) and New Zealand
                                                                 a member of the steering committee of the ArcAngels,
      Food Innovation (Auckland). He is Deputy Chair of
                                                                 a NZ-based angel investment organisation focused
      Leadership New Zealand, a board member of Food
                                                                 on investing in early stage businesses that are led or
      Standards Australia New Zealand, a New Zealand
                                                                 managed by women across New Zealand. Dr Jacobs
      representative on the APEC Business Advisory Council,
      a member of the Export Advisory Board of Business          is Honorary Consul of Belgium since August 2013.
      New Zealand and was formerly Chief Executive of
      Zespri International, and Griffin’s Foods Limited. Prior                        Mr Gottfried Pausch
      to returning to New Zealand business in 2000 from an
                                                                                        Mr. Pausch currently serves
      extended period of international business experience,
                                                                                        as an independent director
      Mr Nowell was Regional Vice President of Sara Lee
                                                                                        of McKay Ltd in Whangarei,
      Asia, President Director of Sara Lee Indonesia and
                                                                                        Blackhawk Tracking Systems Ltd
      President Director of L'Oreal Indonesia.
                                                                                        in Auckland and as Chairman
                                                                                        of Aucom Electronics Ltd in
                            Mr Shawn Beck                                               Christchurch. Mr Pausch was
                             Mr Beck is a previous Executive                            the former CEO at Actronic
                             Director of Pencarrow Private       Technologies and an Executive in Residence at The
                             Equity Ltd, having been a           Icehouse, following a 22 year career with German
                             founding director in 1993.          engineering and electronics conglomerate Siemens,
                             Over the last 20 years, he has      one of the world’s leading suppliers of a wide range
                             served on 15 boards in a wide       of products, solutions and services in the field of
                             range of industries, including      technology, which included the roles of CEO Siemens
                             specialty manufacturing, retail,    Energy Services Ltd. and Managing Director of
      road transport, aviation transport, media, engineering     Siemens New Zealand.
      consulting and food. He has been a director of
      Wellington since 1994.
                                                                                      Mr John McMahon
                                                                                        Mr McMahon has over twenty
                            Dr Lisbeth Jacobs                                           years’ experience in the
                            Dr Jacobs, a native of Belgium,                             Australasian equity markets,
                            holds a PhD in Materials                                    predominantly as an equity
                            Engineering from the University                             analyst covering a range
                            of Auckland and a Master of                                 of industries including tele-
                            Science in Materials Engineering                            communications, media, gaming
                            from the Katholieke Universiteit                            transport and industrials. He
                            Leuven, Belgium, where she           was a former Head of Research and Head of Equities
                            also completed a post graduate       for ABN AMRO NZ and was Managing Director of
      degree in Business Studies. Dr Jacobs has also             ASB Securities for three years. John now manages
      completed the Executive General Management                 his own investment portfolio through Sydney-based
      programme at CEDEP-INSEAD, France. At present              Auro Investment Management and is Chairman of
      Dr Jacobs is General Manager International at              NZAX-listed Solution Dynamics Ltd (SDL). He has a
      UniServices, a wholly owned subsidiary of The              Bachelor of Commerce (Honours), an MBA and is a
      University of Auckland. In this role Dr Jacobs is          CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) charterholder.




14 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Senior Management
            Greg Allen – Chief Executive Officer
            Mr Allen was appointed CEO of Wellington Drive in November 2011. Prior to joining
            Wellington Mr Allen spent 23 years working internationally leading business development,
            supply chain and manufacturing organisations in Europe, North America and Asia. He is
            an experienced operational and business leader, having most recently been responsible
            for the Industrial and Green Technology business unit for Celestica, a highly regarded
            multinational supply chain services provider. Prior to Celestica Mr Allen led a Canadian
            public company focused on VOIP products and also held senior roles with global contract
            manufacturing and engineering services companies. Originally from New Zealand, and
            with a technical background gained from six years in the New Zealand armed forces, Mr
            Allen brings to Wellington a broad market experience covering many industrial segments
            such as telecommunications, aerospace, capital equipment, consumer products and
            enterprise computing.



            Steve Hodgson – Senior Vice President Commercial
            Mr Hodgson joined Wellington in August 2008 with initial responsibility for investor
            relations, capital market activities, and all aspects of corporate strategy. On 2 April 2009,
            Mr Hodgson was appointed Vice President Corporate Services (this title was changed
            to Chief Financial Officer in 2010), with responsibility for supporting the Chief Executive
            Officer and the Board in developing and executing strategic plans, leading the corporate
            services team (finance, IT, legal, and human resource functions), and managing investor
            relations and funding programmes. In July 2013 Mr Hodgson was appointed Senior Vice
            President Commercial, to lead the Company’s sales and business activities. Prior to joining
            Wellington, Mr Hodgson worked in equities research for 20 years and most recently was
            the Head of Research for Macquarie Securities in New Zealand from 2003 to 2008. He
            holds a BMS (Hons) from Waikato University with majors in accounting and economics.



            David Howell – Chief Technical Officer
            Mr Howell joined Wellington as Engineering Manager in 1999 and is currently responsible
            for all aspects of Wellington’s future technology roadmap and the company’s product
            development processes in his role as Chief Technology Officer. He has previously worked
            in new product development roles for Rover Group (UK), Fisher and Paykel Healthcare
            Corporation Ltd, and Tru-Test Ltd. David is a chartered (CPEng & IntPE) mechanical
            engineer, holds a BE (Hons) and DipBus from The University of Auckland and an MSc
            from Cranfield (UK), and is currently working towards a PhD in product development
            management. Mr Howell is listed as inventor on 12 families of international patent
            applications, including several of Wellington’s core patents.



            Howard Milliner – Chief Financial Officer
            Howard Milliner joined Wellington in November 2012. He holds a BCom from Auckland
            University and is a Chartered Accountant. He was previously CFO of a N.Z. listed
            engineering business for 14 years and was the CEO and CFO of that company for 7 of
            those years.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2014   15
                        Ali Karahasanoglu – Sales Director, Europe, Middle East and Africa
                        Mr Karahasanoglu has received his BS degree in Electrical Engineering on power
                        electronics division and studied Pre-MBA at Temple University, USA. He had worked
                        several industries; IT, heating, refrigeration, home appliances as Project Development
                        Engineer, Service Engineer, Regional Sales Manager and Sales & Marketing Manager.
                        Since joining Wellington in 2002 he has served in different functions within the organisation
                        – distribution, business development, Turkey/Eurasia subsidiary company setup and
                        management (since 2006), refrigeration business unit management and recently he has
                        been Sales director of Europe, Middle East and Africa region since 2008.




                        Erick Layseca – Business Development Director, Latin America
                        Mr Layseca graduated as an Industrial and Systems Engineer. He was a shareholder
                        in a Dairy Consulting Company, in which he actively participated and gained extensive
                        experience in business development. He then moved on to the world's fifth largest bottle
                        cooler manufacturers, where he was in charge of the areas of Supplier Development and
                        International Commerce. He has been working at Wellington, as a Business Development
                        Director of Latin America since 2006.




                        Clayton Thomas – Sales and Marketing Director, Asia Pacific
                        Mr Thomas was appointed to direct our key initiatives, in collaboration with customers, to
                        drive Wellington’s long term growth and sustainability in APAC. Prior to joining Wellington,
                        he worked with beverage dispensing technologies and sustainable energy solutions for the
                        Food and Beverage and Marine industries. Mr Thomas has lived in China since 2007.




                        Gerardo Gonzalez – Vice President and General Manager, Intelligent
                        Systems Business Unit
                        Mr. Gonzalez joined Wellington in February 2013 as Vice President and General Manager
                        of Intelligent Solutions Business. He will be responsible for the business development
                        and general management of the new Electronic Controls Business Unit. In addition, he
                        has been appointed as the executive accountable for the company’s relationship with
                        The Coca-Cola Company. Mr. Gonzalez has global business development and strategic
                        planning experience in the Carbonated Soft Drink and Beer Industry. Mr. Gonzalez resides
                        in Atlanta, Georgia, and holds a BS in Economics from Monterrey Institute of Technology,
                        and an MBA from Emory University.




16 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Statutory Information
Introduction
Directors have resolved that no dividend be declared payable.

The Company does not have a credit rating.


Remuneration of Directors
During the year the following remuneration was paid or payable to directors:
                                                                                          2014                  2013

Mr T. Nowell                                                                          $50,000              $50,000
Mr S. R. Beck                                                                         $29,833              $28,000
                                                                                                      1.
Dr L. Jacobs                                                                          $29,833              $16,872
                     2.                                                                                    1.
Mr G. Pausch                                                                          $30,000                   $1,151
                          3.                                                         2.
Mr J. McMahon                                                                             $5,178                       $-
                          4.
Mr S. J. Mander                                                                       $29,833              $28,000
                               4.
Dr R. J. Thomson                                                                                 $-        $28,000
                4.
Dr R. Boven                                                                                      $-        $11,667

Notes
1. Mr J. McMahon was appointed a director during 2014 year. Dr Jacobs and Mr Pausch were appointed directors during the 2013 year. They earned a
pro-rated amount of fees from the date of their respective appointments to 31 December.
2. Fees for Mr G. Pausch are paid to Board Advisory Services Ltd.
3. Fees for Mr J. McMahon are paid to Meta Capital Ltd.
4. Mr Mander and Dr Thomson retired as directors in 2014. Dr Boven resigned as a director in 2013. They earned a pro-rated amount of fees to their
respective dates or retirement or resignation.



Interested Transactions
The Directors have disclosed the following transactions with the Company:

• Interested Transactions – There have been no transactions during the year with interested or related parties.
• Directors’ Remuneration – Remuneration details of Directors are provided above.
• Indemnification and insurance of officers and directors – The Company indemnifies directors and executive
  officers of the Group against all liabilities which arise out of the performance of their normal duties as director or
  executive officer, unless the liability relates to conduct involving lack of good faith. To manage this risk, the Group
  has indemnity insurance. The total cost of this insurance expensed during the year ended 31 December 2014 was
  $48,787 (2013 - $45,382).
• Directors’ Share Transactions – In May 2014 interests associated with Tony Nowell were issued 17,750 convertible
  preference shares pursuant to the prospectus registered in April 2014. Interests associated with John McMahon
  held 2,055,285 ordinary shares and 911,057 preference shares when he was appointed a director in October 2014.
  Details of numbers of shares held by directors are shown below.
• Directors’ Loans - There were no loans by the Company to Directors.
• Key Management Share Transactions – During the year key management: were issued 272,596 ordinary shares
  in lieu of remuneration otherwise payable; were issued 117,693 convertible preference shares pursuant to the
  prospectus registered in April 2014; purchased 1,353 ordinary shares; were issued 2,992,469 part paid shares;
  were issued 384,863 US share options; and 96,215 part paid shares lapsed. At year end, key management held:
  2,647,883 ordinary shares; held 117,693 convertible preference shares; held 6,686,913 part paid shares; and held
  673,510 US share options. Further details of part paid shares and options can be found in Note 24. Senior staff
  (or key management) is listed in the Directory on page 66.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2014     17
      The Board received no notices during the year from directors requesting to use Company information received in their
      capacity as directors which would not otherwise have been available to them.

      Directors’ Shareholding
                                                                31 December 2014                                   31 December 2013
      Ordinary shares                             Total Relevant Interest          Direct            Total Relevant Interest          Direct

      Mr T. Nowell                                          88,750                          -                  88,750                           -
      Mr S. R. Beck                                       377,495                           -                 377,495                           -
      Mr J. McMahon                                     2,055,285                           -                      n/a                     n/a
      Convertible preference shares
      Mr T. Nowell                                          17,750                          -                         -                         -
      Mr J. McMahon                                       911,057                           -                      n/a                     n/a
      Notes: Details of the movements in the shareholdings of directors are provided above under Interested Transactions. Mr McMahon was appointed a
      director in October 2014. His 31 December 2013 balances are shown above as “n/a” he was not a director of the Company at that time.


      Employees
      The number of employees, other than Directors, within the Group receiving remuneration and benefits above
      $100,000, as is required to be disclosed in accordance with section 211(1) (g) of the Companies Act 1993, is
      indicated in the following table.
                                                                                            GROUP                         PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                     2014              2013               2014             2013
      $100,000 - $109,999                                                             7                 4                 7                 4
      $110,000 - $119,999                                                             -                 1                 -                 -
      $120,000 - $129,999                                                             2                 1                 2                 1
      $130,000 - $139,999                                                             1                 -                 1                 -
      $150,000 - $159,999                                                             1                 3                 1                 3
      $160,000 - $169,999                                                             -                 1                 -                 1
      $180,000 - $189,999                                                             -                 1                 -                 1
      $190,000 - $199,999                                                             3                 -                 2                 -
      $200,000 - $209,999                                                             1                 -                 1                 -
      $210,000 - $219,999                                                             1                 -                 -                 -
      $220,000 - $229,999                                                             -                 1                 -                 -
      $250,000 - $259,999                                                             -                 1                 -                 1
      $260,000 - $269,999                                                             1                 -                 1                 -
      $270,000 - $279,999                                                             1                 -                 -                 -
      $460,000 - $469,999                                                             -                 1                 -                 1
      $490,000 - $499,999                                                             1                 -                 1                 -


      NZX Waivers
      In accordance with NZ Stock Exchange Listing Rule 10.5.3(f), the following waivers were granted by the NZ Exchange
      during the year ended 31 December 2014:

      • Waiver dated 10 March 2014 from NZX Main Board Listing Rule 9.2.1: This enabled Wellington to proceed with its
        Rights Offer to existing shareholders without prior shareholder approval, as the support arrangements to the Offer,
        together with the Rights Offer itself, constituted a material transaction in which related parties would participate.
      • Waiver dated 20 May 2014 from NZX Main Board Listing Rule 5.2.3: This enabled quotation of Wellington’s
        convertible preference shares on the NZX Main Board as the required spread of Members of the Public holding
        shares in a class of security had not been met. The waiver is for a period of 12 months from 20 May 2014. A copy
        of the waiver can be found on the WDT website at: http://www.wdtl.com/Investor_history.php




18 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Independent Auditors
In accordance with Section 200 of the Companies’ Act 1993, the auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers, continue in office.

For and on behalf of the Board




.....................................

T. Nowell
Chairman
27 March 2015




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2014   19
      Shareholder Information
      Shareholders
      As at 31 December 2014 there were 2,436 shareholders holding 126,373,117 fully paid ordinary shares and 234
      shareholders holding 25,211,740 convertible preference shares.


      Share Issues
      In May 2014 the Company issued 11,089,519 convertible preference shares in accordance with its Simplified
      Disclosure Prospectus (Offer) dated 9 April 2014 at an issue price of 20 cents each. This issue raised $2.22 million
      before costs.

      In June 2014 the Company issued 14,122,221 convertible preference shares (with shareholder approval given at the
      Annual Shareholder Meeting on 16 June 2014) at 20 cents each, to the underwriter of the Convertible Preference
      share Offer. This issue raised $2.82 million before costs.

      The convertible preference shares convert to ordinary shares on 19 May 2017. Full details of the conversion ratio are
      in the Offer document. In summary, if the market share price in May 2017 used for the conversion is more than 24
      cents, an investor will be entitled to receive one new ordinary share upon the conversion of one convertible preference
      share. If however the market ordinary share price is 24 cents or less, then a formula will apply which will result in
      an additional number of ordinary shares being issued to each investor upon conversion at no additional cost. For
      example, if the ordinary share price was 10 cents (in May 2017), an investor would be entitled, upon conversion, to
      receive 2.5 ordinary shares for each convertible preference share. The formula is intended to deliver a theoretical total
      value of 25 cents worth of ordinary shares for each preference share converted.

      In June 2014 the Company issued 314,414 ordinary shares to staff at 11 cents each, in accordance with the
      remuneration policy of the Company and Listing Rule 7.3.6. This issue raised $34,585.

      Further details of these share issues can be found in note 24 on page 59.


      Shareholder Details
      The ordinary shares of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited are listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange. The
      information in the disclosures below has been taken from the Company’s registers at 20 March 2015:

                                                                                                                Convertible
      20 largest shareholders                                                              Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                             Preference Shares
                                                     1.
      1.    N.Z. Central Securities Depository Ltd                                             38,396,173          2,802,104
      2.    SuperLife Trustee Nominees Ltd                                                     22,272,307         13,931,123
      3.    East West Manufacturing LLC                                                        10,600,000                    -
      4.    Investment Custodial Services Ltd                                                   5,376,378              1,781
      5.    Wairahi Trust                                                                       2,400,000                    -
      6.    Gurkha Trust                                                                        2,378,302                    -
      7.    SuperLife Trustee Nominees Ltd (Gemino Account)                                     2,085,000          4,609,559
      8.    ASB Nominees Ltd                                                                    2,055,285             30,000
      9.    Waikiwi Trust                                                                       1,644,889                    -
      10.   Flynn No 2 Trustees Ltd                                                             1,274,291                    -
      11.   FNZ Custodians Ltd                                                                  1,247,333            140,815
      12.   Graham Trustees Ltd                                                                 1,214,556            244,911
      13.   R.D. Armstrong                                                                      1,083,007                    -
      14.   Jangada Trust                                                                         995,913                    -
      15.   Tane Nui Family Trust                                                                 900,000                    -
      16.   Diab Investment NZ Ltd                                                                755,215                    -
      17.   K.F. Bennett                                                                          738,341            150,000




20 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
18.        I. Douglas Family Trust                                                                                      545,725                  219,145
19.        M.J. Springford                                                                                              500,000                            -
20.        B.A. Paradine                                                                                                475,908                   95,182

Note 1. N.Z. Central Deposit Securities Depository Limited hold shares on trust for 11 different shareholders. The largest of these are: JPMorgan
Chase Bank NA – 18,369,237 shares; N.Z. Permanent Trustees Ltd – 5,974,850 shares; TEA Custodians Ltd – 5,400,508 shares; Accident
Compensation Corporation – 5,329,962 shares; and BNP Paribas Nominees (N.Z.) Ltd – 1,606,363 and 1,013,089 shares.
Note 2. Holdings of convertible preference shares are not ranked largest to smallest.


Distribution of Equity Securities
                                                                                         Shareholders                    Fully Paid Ordinary Shares
Size of Holdings (at 20 March 2015)                                                Number                 %                 Number                  %

                     1               -              999                                1,099             44.37                  384,747             0.30
               1,000                 -              1,999                                 260            10.50                  348,392             0.28
               2,000                 -              4,999                                 366            14.78               1,127,102              0.89
               5,000                 -              9,999                                 238             9.61               1,634,002              1.29
              10,000                 -              49,999                                357            14.41               7,759,454              6.14
              50,000                 -              99,999                                 74             2.99               4,903,252              3.88
            100,000                  -              499,999                                64             2.58             13,733,453              10.87
            500,000                  -              999,999                                  6            0.24               4,435,194              3.51
                 over                               1,000,000                              13             0.52             92,047,521              72.84
                                                                                       2,477           100.00            126,373,117             100.00

2,349 (or 94.8%) shareholders, holding 113,604,930 shares (or 89.9%) reside in New Zealand.


Substantial Security Holders
Pursuant to section 26 of the Securities Markets Act 1988, details of substantial security holders and their total
relevant interests as per their most recent notices are:
                                                                                                                                   #
Name                                                                                                          Number of shares          Date of Notice

SuperLife Trustee Nominees Ltd                                                                                     25,016,694           08 Dec 2014
Hunter Hall Investment Management Ltd                                                                              17,102,344           19 Sep 2013
                                                                                                              **
East West Manufacturing LLC                                                                                     10,600,000              17 Sep 2013
Harbour Asset Management Ltd                                                                                        7,408,280            08 Oct 2012
#
 Number of shares is taken from notices received. No adjustments have been made for changes that may have subsequently occurred from the
dates of notices stated. The definition of “relevant interest” in the Securities Markets Act 1988 provides that more than one relevant interest can exist in
respect of the same securities.
**
     East West Manufacturing LLC hold share warrants allowing them to subscribe for 5,300,000 further shares.


Shareholder Enquires
Shareholders should send changes of address to Computershare Investor Services Limited at the address noted
in the Directory on page 66. Notification must be in writing. Questions relating to shareholdings should also be
addressed to Computershare Investor Services Limited. For information about the group please contact the company
at the registered office by sending an email to info@wdtl.com or visit our website http://www.wdtl.com.

Announcements to Shareholders
The company has established an email list of shareholders that want to receive announcements made by Wellington
Drive to the New Zealand Stock Exchange. Announcements are emailed to shareholders who wish to receive them
shortly after they are released. This will include the Annual Meeting addresses. If you want to be added to this listing,
please email info@wdtl.com and advise us of your email address. Your email details will be kept confidential.

Announcements are also posted on our website http://www.wdtl.com normally the day after they are released.




                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2014      21
      Corporate Governance
      The Board of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited is committed to acting with integrity and expects high standards
      of behaviour and accountability from all its officers and staff.

      Role of the Board
      The Board’s primary objective is the enhancement of shareholder value by following appropriate strategies,
      and ensuring effective and innovative use of available Company resources. The Board is responsible for the
      management, supervision, and direction of the Group. Day-to-day management of the Group is delegated to the
      Chief Executive.

      Compliance
      The governance principles adopted by the Board are designed to meet best practice recommendations for listed
      companies to the extent that it is appropriate to the size and nature of Wellington’s operations. The Board endorses
      the overall principles embodied in the N.Z. Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Best Practice Code. In a
      number of respects the Company’s practice differs from this Code. In particular, the Company has not established a
      nomination committee, believing these matters are being properly dealt with at the full Board level.

      Board Meetings
      The Board normally meets nine to eleven times each year for scheduled meetings. Additional meetings are held
      where specific matters require attention between scheduled meetings. Board meetings are used to monitor,
      challenge, develop, and fully understand business and operational issues.

      Composition of the Board
      The Constitution provides that there will be not less than three and not more than eight directors. N.Z. Stock
      Exchange requirements are that at least two directors or one-third, are independent directors. The Board has five
      directors, all of whom are independent. Profiles of Directors are given on Page 14.

      Criteria for Board Membership
      When a vacancy arises, the Board identifies candidates with a mix of capabilities and perspectives considered
      necessary for the Board to carry out its responsibilities effectively. A director appointed by the Board must stand for
      election at the next Annual Meeting. At each Annual Meeting one-third of directors must retire by rotation. Retiring
      directors are eligible for re-election.

      Non-executive Directors’ Remuneration
      The fees payable to non-executive directors are determined by the Board within the aggregate amount approved by
      shareholders. The Board considers the advice of independent remuneration consultants when setting remuneration
      levels. The current directors’ fee pool limit is $200,000 which was approved by the shareholders at the 14 November
      2006 annual meeting of shareholders.

      Details of the remuneration paid to directors are disclosed on Page 17 in the Annual Report.

      Board Committees
      The Board has established four committees to guide and assist the Board with overseeing certain aspects of
      corporate governance. These committees are the Audit Committee, the Technology and Innovation Committee, the
      Executive Appointment and Remuneration Committee and the Risk Committee. Each sub-committee is empowered
      to seek any information it requires from employees in pursuing its duties and to obtain independent legal or other
      professional advice.

      Audit Committee
      The Audit Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and is accountable to the Board for: the
      business’s relationship with, and the independence of, the external auditor; the reliability and appropriateness of the
      disclosure of the financial statements and external financial communication.




22 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
The committee also approves any non-audit work carried out by the Company’s auditor and ensures that the lead
partner in the audit firm is rotated every five years.

The committee is composed of three non-executive directors, all of whom are independent.

The current members are Shawn Beck (Chairman), Tony Nowell and John McMahon.

Risk Committee
The Risk Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and is accountable to the Board for the
maintenance of an effective business risk management framework including credit, liquidity, market, insurance,
operational, regulatory and reputational risks.

The current members are Shawn Beck (Chairman), Tony Nowell and Gottfried Pausch.

Executive Appointment and Remuneration Committee
The Executive Appointment and Remuneration Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and
is accountable to the Board for the remuneration and appointment of the senior executive team, management
succession planning, reviewing and approving compensation arrangements, establishing employee incentive
schemes and the remuneration of the Board. The committee also advises on proposals for significant company-
wide remuneration policies and programmes. In carrying out this role, the sub-committee operates independently of
senior management of the Company, and obtains independent advice on the appropriateness of the remuneration
packages.

The current members are Gottfried Pausch (Chairman), Tony Nowell and John McMahon.

Technology & Innovation Committee
The Technology & Innovation Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and is accountable to
the Board for overseeing and providing counsel on overall strategy, direction and effectiveness of technology and
innovation activities.

The current members are Lisbeth Jacobs (Chairwoman), Gottfried Pausch and Shawn Beck.

Trading in shares
Wellington is committed to transparency and fairness in dealing with all of its stakeholders and to ensuring adherence
to all applicable laws and regulations.

Wellington has a detailed insider trading policy applying to all directors and employees. No director or employee
may use confidential unpublished price sensitive information in his or her position to engage in securities trading for
personal benefit or to provide benefit to any third party. Short term trading in Wellington shares and buying or selling
(while in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information) is strictly prohibited.

All directors and employees must obtain consent to trade in securities prior to trading. All members of the Board
need to consent to the application. Once these consents have been received the Chairman of the Wellington Board
or (where the Chairman is unavailable) the Chairman of the Board’s Audit Committee, will approve or decline the
application. The Company monitors trading and reports any share movements to the Board at every meeting.

Relationship with the Independent Auditor
The Company has adopted a policy to ensure that audit independence is maintained, both in fact and appearance,
such that Wellington’s external financial reporting is viewed as being reliable and credible. The policy covers the
following areas:

• The external auditor must remain independent of the Company at all times and comply with the New Zealand
  Institute of Chartered Accountants’ (NZICA) Code of Ethics;
• The external auditor must monitor its independence and report to the Board that it has remained independent;
• Guidelines in relation to the provision of non-audit services by the external auditor in order that the provision of
  such services does not impair the external auditor’s independence or objectivity;




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2014   23
      • The audit firm may be permitted to provide non-audit services that are not considered to be in conflict with the
        preservation of the independence of the auditor subject to the approval of the Audit Committee; and
      The Audit Committee must approve significant permissible non-audit work assignments that are awarded to an
      external auditor.

      Diversity Disclosure
      In accordance with Listing Rule 10.5.5(j) the Company makes the following diversity disclosures:


       31 December 2014                         Male                         Female                         Total

       All directors                             4                             1                             5
                                                80%                           20%                          100%
       Officers                                  10                             -                           10
                                               100%                             -                          100%
       31 December 2013
       All directors                             4                             1                             5
                                                80%                           20%                          100%
       Officers                                  10                             -                           10
                                               100%                             -                          100%

      Officers (or key management personnel) comprise the directors, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all the senior
      executives who report directly to the CEO. For the purposes of the above table, directors are disclosed separately to
      officers. The Company does not currently have a formal diversity policy.




24 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Independent Auditors’ Report
to the shareholders of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited


Report on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited (“the Company”)
on pages 27 to 65, which comprise the statements of financial position as at 31 December 2014, the
statements of comprehensive income and statements of movements in equity and statements of
cash flows for the year then ended, and the notes to the financial statements that include a summary
of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information for both the Company and the
Group. The Group comprises the Company and the entities it controlled at year end date or from time
to time during the financial year.

Directors’ Responsibility for the Financial Statements
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of these financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting practice in New Zealand and that give a true and fair view of the matters
to which they relate and for such internal controls as the Directors determine are necessary to enable
the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.

Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We
conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) and
International Standards on Auditing. These standards require that we comply with relevant ethical
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free from material misstatement.

An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgement, including
the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditors consider the internal controls relevant
to the Company and the Group’s preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view
of the matters to which they relate, in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company
and the Group’s internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our audit opinion.

Other than in our capacities as auditors, tax advisors and providers of other assurance services
we have no relationship with, or interests in, Wellington Drive Technologies Limited or any of its
subsidiaries. These matters have not impaired our independence as auditors of the Company and
Group.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2014
PricewaterhouseCoopers, 188 Quay Street, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
                                                                                                       25
T: +64 (9) 355 8000, F: +64 (9) 355 8001, www.pwc.co.nz                                           25
     Independent Auditors’ Report
     Wellington Drive Technologies Limited

     Opinion
     In our opinion, the financial statements on pages 27 to 65:

         (i)     comply with generally accepted accounting practice in New Zealand; and

         (ii)    comply with International Financial Reporting Standards; and

         (iii)   give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company and the Group as at 31
                 December 2014, and their financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended.

     Emphasis of Matter
     Without qualifying our opinion, we draw attention to note 2 (a) to the financial statements which
     describes the basis on which the Directors have adopted the going concern assumption.

     The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which is dependent on the
     ability of the Group to achieve forecasted cash flows, the outcome of which is inherently uncertain,
     and additional shareholder or alternative funding may be required to enable the Group to continue
     as a going concern. These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast
     significant doubt about the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, and therefore, the company
     may be unable to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business.

     The financial statements do not include adjustments that would result if the Group was unable to
     continue as a going concern.

     Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
     We also report in accordance with Sections 16(1)(d) and 16(1)(e) of the Financial Reporting Act 1993.
     In relation to our audit of the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2014:

         (i)     we have obtained all the information and explanations that we have required; and

         (ii)    in our opinion, proper accounting records have been kept by the Company as far as
                 appears from an examination of those records.

     Restriction on Use of our Report
     This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body, in accordance with the
     Companies Act 1993. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s
     shareholders those matters which we are required to state to them in an auditors’ report and for no
     other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
     anyone other than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our audit work, for
     this report or for the opinions we have formed.




     Chartered Accountants                                                                  Auckland
     27 February 2015


26
Statements of Comprehensive Income
for the year ended 31 December 2014

                                                                 CONSOLIDATED           PARENT COMPANY
                                                               2014        2013         2014        2013
                                                        Note
                                                               $000s       $000s        $000s       $000s

Revenue                                                 7       17,805      27,437       16,458      23,070
   Cost of sales                                               (14,609)    (22,306)    (15,242)     (22,376)
Gross profit                                                     3,196       5,131        1,216           694
   Other income                                         8          710          511       3,965           679
   Operating expenses                                   9       (8,415)     (9,390)     (7,645)      (8,126)
Loss before interest & taxation                                 (4,509)     (3,748)     (2,464)      (6,753)
   Finance income                                       10         594             9       592              9
   Finance expenses                                     10       (559)          (24)      (559)           (20)
Loss before income tax                                          (4,474)     (3,763)     (2,431)      (6,764)
   Income tax expense                                   11             -         (5)            -            -
Loss for the year                                               (4,474)     (3,768)     (2,431)      (6,764)
Other comprehensive income:
   Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the
   profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translating operations       26          78        (270)        298             34
   Cash flow hedge                                      26         (35)          33        (35)            33
   Income tax relating to other comprehensive income                   -           -            -            -
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year                    43        (237)        263             67
Total comprehensive loss for the year                          ($4,431)    ($4,005)    ($2,168)     ($6,697)
Loss for the year attributable to the Owners of the
                                                               ($4,474)    ($3,768)    ($2,431)     ($6,764)
   Company
Total comprehensive loss attributable to the Owners
                                                               ($4,431)    ($4,005)    ($2,168)     ($6,697)
   of the Company

Basic earnings per share – cents                        30       (3.18)      (3.49)
Diluted earnings per share – cents                      30       (3.18)      (3.49)

The above Statements of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2014   27
      Statements of Movements in Equity
      for the year ended 31 December 2014

      CONSOLIDATED                                        Note        Share         Accumulated     Other         Total
      2014                                                            capital          losses     reserves       equity
                                                                      $000s            $000s       $000s         $000s

      Balance at beginning of year                                   114,308        (102,520)      (2,428)         9,360
         Comprehensive Income
         Loss for year                                                          -      (4,474)               -   (4,474)
         Other comprehensive income
         Exchange differences on translating operations     26b                 -            -          78            78
         Cash flow hedge                                    26c                 -            -        (35)          (35)
         Income tax relating to other comprehensive
                                                                                -            -               -            -
         income
         Total comprehensive income                                             -      (4,474)          43       (4,431)
         Share option compensation expensed                 26a                 -            -          49            49
         Contributions of equity                            24                  -            -               -            -
         Refunds of lapsed part paid shares               25,26a                -            -               -            -
      Balance at end of year                                        $114,308 ($106,994)           ($2,336)       $4,978


      CONSOLIDATED                                        Note        Share         Accumulated     Other         Total
      2013                                                            capital          losses     reserves       equity
                                                                      $000s            $000s       $000s         $000s

      Balance at beginning of year                                    108,544         (99,004)     (2,054)         7,486
         Comprehensive Income
         Loss for year                                                          -      (3,768)               -   (3,768)
         Other comprehensive income
         Exchange differences on translating operations     26b                 -            -       (270)         (270)
         Cash flow hedge                                    26c                 -            -          33            33
         Income tax relating to other comprehensive
                                                                                -            -               -            -
         income
         Total comprehensive income                                             -      (3,768)       (237)       (4,005)
         Share option compensation expensed                 26a                 -            -         115           115
         Contributions of equity                            24          5,764                -               -     5,764
         Refunds of lapsed part paid shares               25,26a                -         252        (252)                -
      Balance at end of year                                         $114,308       ($102,520)    ($2,428)        $9,360



      The above Statements of Movements in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




28 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Statements of Movements in Equity (continued)

for the year ended 31 December 2014

PARENT COMPANY                                      Note        Share         Accumulated     Other         Total
2014                                                            capital          losses     reserves       equity
                                                                $000s            $000s       $000s         $000s

Balance at beginning of year                                    114,308        (105,532)     (2,257)         6,519
   Comprehensive Income
   Loss for year                                                          -      (2,431)               -   (2,431)
   Other comprehensive income
   Exchange differences on translating operations     26b                 -            -         298           298
   Cash flow hedge                                    26c                 -            -         (35)          (35)
   Income tax relating to other comprehensive
                                                                          -            -               -            -
   income
   Total comprehensive income                                             -      (2,431)         263       (2,168)
   Share option compensation expensed                 26a                 -            -          49            49
   Contributions of equity                            24                  -            -               -            -
   Refunds of lapsed part paid shares               25,26a                -            -               -            -
Balance at end of year                                         $114,308       ($107,963)    ($1,945)        $4,400


PARENT COMPANY                                      Note        Share         Accumulated     Other         Total
2013                                                            capital          losses     reserves       equity
                                                                $000s            $000s       $000s         $000s

Balance at beginning of year                                    108,544         (99,020)     (2,187)         7,337
   Comprehensive Income
   Loss for year                                                          -      (6,764)               -   (6,764)
   Other comprehensive income
   Exchange differences on translating operations     26b                 -            -          34            34
   Cash flow hedge                                    26c                 -            -          33            33
   Income tax relating to other comprehensive
                                                                          -            -               -            -
   income
   Total comprehensive income                                             -      (6,764)          67       (6,697)
   Share option compensation expensed                 26a                 -            -         115           115
   Contributions of equity                            24          5,764                -               -     5,764
   Refunds of lapsed part paid shares               25,26a                -         252        (252)                -
Balance at end of year                                         $114,308       ($105,532)    ($2,257)        $6,519



The above Statements of Movements in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2014    29
      Statements of Financial Position
      as at 31 December 2014
                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED                   PARENT COMPANY
                                                                               2014                 2013         2014         2013
                                                                Note
                                                                               $000s                $000s        $000s        $000s

      Current Assets
           Cash and cash equivalents                             13               1,196               2,984          789        2,498
           Trade and other receivables                           14               5,310               7,892        2,098        2,693
           Derivative financial instruments                      22                        -             31              -         31
           Inventories                                           15               4,674               3,975        1,683        1,903
           Total current assets                                                 11,180               14,882        4,570        7,125

      Non-Current Assets
           Plant and equipment                                   16                   880               425          868          397
           Intangible assets                                     17               3,031               1,566        3,022        1,553
           Advances to subsidiaries                              29                        -                -      5,357        4,612
           Investment in subsidiaries                            18                        -                -         95           81
           Total non-current assets                                               3,911               1,991        9,342        6,643
           Total assets                                                         15,091               16,873       13,912       13,768

      Current Liabilities
           Trade and other payables                              19               5,333               7,032        4,732        6,892
           Provisions                                            20                   259               481          259          357
           Derivative financial instruments                      22                       4                 -            4            -
           Total current liabilities                                              5,596               7,513        4,995        7,249

      Non-Current Liabilities
           Borrowings                                            21               4,507                     -      4,507              -
           Derivative financial instruments                      22                     10                  -         10              -
           Total non-current liabilities                                          4,517                     -      4,517              -
           Total liabilities                                                    10,113                7,513        9,512        7,249

      Net assets                                                                $4,978               $9,360       $4,400       $6,519

      Equity
           Contributed equity                                    24           114,308               114,308      114,308      114,308
           Accumulated losses                                    25        (106,994)               (102,520)    (107,963)    (105,532)
           Other reserves                                        26             (2,336)              (2,428)      (1,945)      (2,257)
      Total equity                                                              $4,978               $9,360       $4,400       $6,519


      For and on behalf of the Board




      .....................................                .....................................

      Director                                             Director
      27 February 2015                                     27 February 2015

      The above Statements of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




30 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
Cash Flow Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2014
                                                                 CONSOLIDATED               PARENT COMPANY
                                                               2014         2013        2014          2013
                                                       Note
                                                               $000s        $000s       $000s         $000s

Cash flows from operating activities
   Receipts from customers exclusive of GST/VAT                 19,972       28,050             66        509
   Receipts from Group Companies                                       -            -       17,083     26,558
   Payments to suppliers and employees exclusive of
                                                               (24,567)     (31,392)    (20,332)      (28,007)
   GST/VAT
   Payments to Group Companies                                         -            -       (1,255)    (1,123)
   Interest paid                                                  (141)         (24)         (141)        (20)
   Interest received                                                39              9           37            9
   Taxation paid                                                       -         (8)              -            -
   Net GST/VAT received                                            271          929            258        264
   Net cash outflow from operating activities            31     (4,426)      (2,436)        (4,284)    (1,810)


Cash flows from investing activities
   Payments for plant and equipment                      16       (678)        (102)         (647)        (80)
   Payments for intangible assets                        17     (1,604)        (994)        (1,604)      (980)
   Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment                       100           44             11            4
   Investment in subsidiaries                                          -            -             -       (19)
   Net cash outflow from investing activities                   (2,182)      (1,052)        (2,240)    (1,075)


Cash flows from financing activities
   Cash proceeds from ordinary and preference share      21      4,696        5,764          4,696      5,764
   issues, net of issue costs
   Proceeds from bank finance facilities                               -        905               -       905
   Repayments of bank finance facilities                               -     (2,115)              -    (2,115)
   Finance lease payments                                              -         (4)              -          (4)
   Net cash inflow from financing activities                     4,696        4,550          4,696      4,550


Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash                      (1,912)       1,062         (1,828)     1,665
   equivalents
   Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the
                                                                 2,984        1,869          2,498        793
   financial period
   Effect of exchange rate movements on cash                       124           53            119           40
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                 13     $1,196       $2,984           $789     $2,498

The above Cash Flow Statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2014   31
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2014


      1. General Information
         Wellington Drive Technologies Limited (the “Company” or the “Parent”) and its subsidiaries (together the
         “Group”) develop, manufacture, market and sell energy saving, electronically commutated (EC) motors and
         fans for worldwide use. The Company and its subsidiaries are profit oriented entities.
         The Company is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand. The address of its
         registered office is 21 Arrenway Drive, Rosedale, Auckland 0632, New Zealand.
         These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 27 February
         2015. The entity’s owners do not have the power to amend these financial statements after issue.


      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are set out below.
         These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

      (a) Basis of preparation
         The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with New Zealand Generally Accepted Accounting
         Practice (NZ GAAP). They comply fully with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting
         Standards (NZ IFRS) and other applicable Financial Reporting Standards as appropriate for profit oriented
         entities. These financial statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

         Entities reporting
         The financial statements include separate financial statements for Wellington Drive Technologies Limited as a
         separate legal entity and the consolidated entity consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries.

         Statutory base
         The Company is registered under the Companies Act 1993 and is an issuer in terms of the Securities Act 1978.
         The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Financial Reporting
         Act 1993 and the Companies Act 1993.

         Historical cost convention
         These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention.

         Going concern assumption
         The Group reported a loss of $4,431,000 (2013: $4,005,000) and operating cash outflows of $4,426,000 (2013:
         $2,436,000) for the year ended 31 December 2014.
         These financial statements have been prepared using the going concern assumption.
         The directors have reviewed cash flow projections of the Group which are based on a number of assumptions
         including:
         • Customer pricing and terms - Forecasting sales, revenue growth, pricing and terms is inherently uncertain.
           Major customers routinely seek to renegotiate and there is no certainty that volume, price and terms
           assumptions in the Company’s projections will be sustained.
         • Achievement of forecast sales volumes - Projections include assumptions as to revenue, i.e. existing
           volumes with existing customers, additional volume with existing customers, additional volume from new
           customers and markets, and revenue from the commercialisation of new products. Whether or not the
           Group will be successful in achieving forecast revenue is uncertain.
         • Continued investment in new product development, in resources to enter new markets and in resources
           within existing markets to enable the Group to achieve growth.




32 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(a) Basis of preparation (continued)
   The directors intend to raise $2.6 million, net of issue costs, to fund this expenditure. This will be through
   additional capital by way of a fully underwritten rights issue. An underwriting commitment has been obtained
   from a Substantial Security Holder. This commitment is subject to shareholders’ approval to allow the
   underwriter to increase its shareholding above 20% in the event that other shareholders do not take up their
   rights entitlement.
   If the shareholders do not approve the underwriting arrangements resulting in $2.6 million not being raised, the
   Company would likely delay its expenditure on new product development and market expansion.
   The directors acknowledge that there are material uncertainties within the forecast assumptions. In the event
   additional capital is not raised and there being material variations from the assumptions adopted in the cash
   flow forecasts, the minimum cash facilities available to the Group over the forecast period may be inadequate
   to continue to operate as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that would
   result if the Group was unable to continue as a going concern.

(b) Principles of consolidation
   Subsidiaries
   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of the Company
   as at 31 December 2014 and the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended. The Company and its
   subsidiaries together are referred to in these financial statements as the Group or the consolidated entity.
   Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group
   is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
   these returns through its power over the entity.
   Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are
   deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.
   The purchase method of accounting is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries by the Group.
   The cost of an acquisition is measured as the fair value of the assets given and equity instruments issued
   and liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of exchange. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
   contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the
   acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any minority interest. The excess of the cost of acquisition over
   the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the cost of
   acquisition is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognised
   directly in the Statements of Comprehensive Income.
   Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies
   are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated but considered an impairment indicator of the asset
   transferred. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency
   with the policies of the Group.

(c) Foreign currency translation

   (i) Functional and presentation currency
   Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
   primary economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated and
   parent financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars, rounded to the nearest thousand, which is
   the Group’s presentation currency.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2014   33
      2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

      (c) Foreign currency translation (continued)
         The Board believes US Dollars is the primary economic environment that the Parent operates in. The
         presentation currency for the Group and the Parent remains New Zealand dollars due to the Group’s shareholder
         base being concentrated in New Zealand.

         (ii) Transactions and balances
         Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
         at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
         transactions and from the translation at year end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
         in foreign currencies are recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income.

         (iii) Foreign operations
         The results and balance sheets of all foreign operations that have a functional currency different from New
         Zealand dollars are translated into the presentation currency as follows:
         • assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of the
           Statements of Financial Position;
         • income and expenses for each Statements of Comprehensive Income are translated at average exchange
           rates, unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
           transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions; and
         • all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income as a separate component
           of equity.

      (d) Revenue recognition
         Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Amounts disclosed as
         revenue are net of returns, duties and Goods and Services Tax.

         (i) Sale of Goods and Services
         Revenue from the sale of goods and disposal of other assets is recognised when the Group has passed control
         of the goods or other assets to the buyer. Revenue from the provision of services is recognised when services
         are delivered to the buyer.

         (ii) Interest income
         Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method. When a receivable
         is impaired, the Group reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount, being the estimated future cash
         flow discounted at original effective interest rate of the instrument, and continues unwinding the discount as
         interest income. Interest income on impaired loans is recognised using the original effective interest rate used to
         discount the future cash flows for the purpose of measuring the impairment loss.

         (iii) Royalties
         Royalty income is recognised on an accruals basis in accordance with the substance of the relevant
         agreements.

         (iv) Grants
         Grants are recognised within ‘Other Income’ in the Statements of Comprehensive Income at their fair value
         where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all the
         attached conditions.
         Grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income over the
         period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.




34 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(e) Income tax
   The income tax expense or revenue for the year is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
   on the national income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
   attributable to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts
   in the financial statements, and to unused tax losses.
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to
   apply when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or
   substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of
   deductible and taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or liability. An exception is
   made for certain temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No deferred
   tax asset or liability is recognised in relation to these temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other
   than a business combination, that at the time of the transaction did not affect either accounting profit or taxable
   profit or loss.
   Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is
   probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.
   Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
   and tax bases of investments in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to control the timing of the
   reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
   future.

(f) Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
   Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are
   subsequently re-measured at their fair value. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on
   whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.
   The Group designates derivatives as hedges of a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or
   a highly probable forecast transaction (cash flow hedge).
   The Group documents at the inception of the transaction the relationship between hedging instruments
   and hedged items, as well as its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedging
   transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an on-going basis,
   of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair
   values or cash flows of hedged items.
   The fair values of various derivative instruments used for hedging purposes are disclosed in note 22.
   Movements on the hedging reserve in shareholders’ equity are shown in note 26. The fair value of a hedging
   derivative is classified as a non-current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is more
   than 12 months and as a current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is less than 12
   months.
   Trading derivatives are classified as a current asset or liability.

   Cash flow hedge
   The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow
   hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is
   recognised immediately in the Statements of Comprehensive Income within other income.
   Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects
   profit or loss (for example, when the forecast sale that is hedged takes place). The gain or loss relating to the
   effective portion of forward exchange hedging contracts is recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive
   Income within ‘revenue’. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised in the Statements of
   Comprehensive Income within ‘other income’. However, when the forecast transaction that is hedged results in
   the recognition of a non-financial asset (for example, inventory or fixed assets), the gains and losses previously
   deferred in equity are transferred from equity and included in the initial measurement of the cost of the asset.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2014   35
      2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

      (f) Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities (continued)
         The deferred amounts are ultimately recognised in cost of goods sold in the case of inventory or in depreciation
         in the case of fixed assets.
         When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge
         accounting, any cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when
         the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income. When a forecast
         transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was reported in equity is immediately
         transferred to the Statements of Comprehensive Income within ‘other income’.

      (g) Goods and Services Tax (GST) and Value Added Tax (VAT)
         The Statements of Comprehensive Income have been prepared so that all components are stated exclusive of
         GST and VAT. All items in the Statements of Financial Position are stated net of GST and VAT, with the exception
         of receivables and payables, which include GST and VAT invoiced.

      (h) Leases
         The Group is the lessee
         Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are
         classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the
         lessor) are charged to the Statements of Comprehensive Income on a straight line basis over the period of the
         lease.
         Leases in which the Group has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance
         leases. Finance leases are capitalised at the lease’s inception at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset
         and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability
         and finance charges so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the finance balance outstanding. The asset
         acquired under a finance lease is depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term

      (i) Impairment of non-financial assets
         Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life or intangible assets not ready for use are not subject to
         amortisation and are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed
         for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
         recoverable.
         An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
         amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For
         the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
         identifiable cash flows (cash generating units).

      (j) Cash and cash equivalents
         Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short
         term and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible
         to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank finance
         facilities drawn down, are shown within current liabilities in the Statements of Financial Position.

      (k) Trade receivables
         Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less
         provision for doubtful debts. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement no more than 120 days from the
         date of recognition.
         A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Group
         will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of receivables. Significant financial
         difficulties of the debtor, indicating that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganisation and default or
         delinquency in payments are considered indicators that the trade receivable is impaired.




36 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(k) Trade receivables (continued)
   The amount of the provision is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of
   estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate. The carrying amount of the asset
   is reduced through the use of an allowance account and the amount of the loss is recognised in the Statements
   of Comprehensive Income within ‘operating expenses’.
   When a trade receivable is uncollectable, it is written off against the allowance account for trade receivables.
   Subsequently recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against Operating expenses in the
   Statements of Comprehensive Income.

(l) Inventories
   Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
   Costs are assigned to individual items of inventory on the basis of first in first out. Net realisable value is the
   estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

(m) Investments and other financial assets
   Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not
   quoted in an active market. They arise when the Group provides money, goods or services directly to a
   debtor with no intention of selling the receivable. They are included in current assets, except for those with
   maturities greater than 12 months after the balance sheet date which are classified as non-current assets. The
   Group’s loans and receivables comprise “trade and other receivables” and “cash and cash equivalents” in
   the Statements of Financial Position. Loans and receivables are carried at amortised cost using the effective
   interest method.
   The nominal value less estimated credit adjustments of trade receivables and payables are assumed to
   approximate their fair values.

(n) Plant and equipment
   All plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation and impairments. Historical cost includes
   expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
   The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of all materials used in construction, direct labour on the
   project and an appropriate portion of variable and fixed overheads. Costs cease to be capitalised as soon as
   the asset is ready for productive use and do not include any inefficiency costs.
   Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
   appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
   Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the
   Statements of Comprehensive Income during the financial year in which they are incurred.
   Depreciation on plant and equipment is calculated using the straight line method to allocate their cost net of
   their residual values, over their estimated useful lives, as follows:
                                                     Useful Life
      Plant and equipment                            3 - 15 years
      Office equipment, furniture and fittings       3 - 15 years

   The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet date.
   An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
   greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

   Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are included
   in the Statements of Comprehensive Income.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2014   37
      2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

      (o) Intangible assets
         (i) Research, development and patent costs
         Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of obtaining new scientific or technical
         knowledge and understanding, is recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income as an expense when
         it is incurred.
         Expenditure on development activities, being the application of research findings or other knowledge to a
         plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products or services before the start of
         commercial production or use, is capitalised if the product or service is technically and commercially feasible
         and adequate resources are available to complete development. The expenditure capitalised comprises all
         directly attributable costs, including costs of materials, services, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of
         overheads. Other development expenditure is recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income as an
         expense as incurred. Capitalised development expenditure is stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and
         any impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight line method to allocate the cost over the
         period of the expected benefit, up to a maximum of 5 years.
         Capitalised patent costs are amortised on a straight line basis over the period of expected benefit no longer
         than the life of the patent, up to a maximum of 20 years.

         (ii) Computer software
         Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to
         use the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives (3 to 5 years).
         Costs associated with developing or maintaining computer software programmes are recognised as an
         expense as incurred.

      (p) Trade and other payables
         Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost
         using the effective interest method. These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to
         the Group prior to balance sheet date. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 45 days of
         recognition.

      (q) Investments in subsidiaries
         Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less impairment.

      (r) Provisions
         Provisions for legal claims, warranties and restructuring costs are recognised when: the Group has a present
         legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is more likely than not that an outflow of resources
         will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not
         recognised for future operating losses.
         Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
         determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood
         of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.
         Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
         obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
         specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest
         expense.

      (s) Borrowings
         Borrowings and bank finance facilities are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred.
         Borrowings including bank finance facilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference
         between the proceeds (plus transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in the Statements of




38 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(s) Borrowings (continued)
   Comprehensive Income over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.
   Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of
   the liability for at least 12 months after the balance sheet date.

(t) Borrowing costs
   Borrowing costs are recognised in the income statement in the period in which they are incurred unless they are
   directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of an asset, in which case they are capitalised.

(u) Employee benefits
   (i) Wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave
   Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and accumulating sick leave
   expected to be settled within 12 months of the reporting date are recognised in other payables in respect of
   employees’ services up to the reporting date and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the
   liabilities are settled. Liabilities for non-accumulating sick leave are recognised when the leave is taken and
   measured at the rates paid or payable.
   (ii) Share based payments
   Equity settled, share based compensation is provided to employees via the Wellington Partly Paid Share
   Scheme and Wellington Employees Share Option Plan. The fair value of the employee services received in
   exchange for the grant of part paid shares or options are recognised as an expense over the vesting period.
   Fair value is assessed at the date that the partly paid shares are granted using a binomial option pricing model
   that takes into account the grant or exercise price, the two or three year vesting term of the partly paid shares
   or options, the exercise criteria, the likelihood of staff turnover, the non-tradable nature of the partly paid shares
   or options, the share price at grant date and the volatility of the returns on the underlying share and risk-free
   interest rate for the term. The proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to
   share capital when the partly paid share proceeds are received or options are exercised.
   (iii) Bonus plans
   The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and creates a provision where contractually
   obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

(v) Contributed equity
   Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
   Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction,
   net of tax, from the proceeds.

(w) Dividends
   Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared on or before the end of the financial year but not
   distributed at balance sheet date.

(x) Segment reporting
   Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with internal reporting to the chief operating decision
   maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
   performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer supported by the
   Management Team who report directly to the CEO.

(y) Standards, amendments and interpretations affecting the financial statements
   New standards, amendments and interpretations adopted by the Group
   The following standards have been adopted by the Group for the first time for the financial year beginning on or
   after 1 January 2014.
   Amendment to NZ IAS 32, ‘Financial Instruments: Presentation’ on offsetting financial assets and financial




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2014   39
      2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

      (y) Standards, amendments and interpretations affecting the financial statements (continued)
         liabilities. This amendment clarifies that the right of set-off must not be contingent on a future event. It must
         also be legally enforceable for all counterparties in the normal course of business, as well as in the event of
         default, insolvency or bankruptcy. The amendment also considers settlement mechanisms. The amendment
         did not have a significant effect on the Group financial statements.
         Amendments to NZ IAS 36 ‘Impairment of assets’, on the recoverable amount disclosures for non-financial
         assets. This amendment removed certain disclosures of the recoverable amount of CGU’s which have been
         included in NZ IAS 36 by the issue of NZ IFRS 13.
         Amendment to NZ IAS 39 ‘Financial instruments: Recognition and measurement’ on the novation of derivatives
         and the continuation of hedge accounting. This amendment considers legislative changes to ‘over-the-
         counter’ derivatives and the establishment of central counterparties. Under NZ IAS 39 novation of derivatives
         to central counterparties would result in discontinuance of hedge accounting. The amendment provides relief
         from discontinuing hedge accounting when novation of a hedging instrument meets specified criteria. The
         amendment did not have a significant effect on the Group financial statements.
         Other standards, amendments and interpretations which are effective for the financial year beginning on 1
         January 2014 are not material to the Group.
         New standards, amendments and interpretations not yet adopted
         A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods
         beginning after 1 January 2014 and have not been applied in preparing these financial statements. None of
         these is expected to have a significant effect on the Group financial statements, except for the following set out
         below:
         NZ IFRS 9, ‘Financial instruments’, addresses the classification, measurement and recognition of financial
         assets and financial liabilities. The complete version of NZ IFRS 9 was issued in September 2014. It replaces
         the guidance in NZ IAS 39 that relates to the classification and measurement of financial instruments. NZ IFRS
         9 retains but simplifies the mixed measurement model and establishes three primary measurement categories
         for financial assets: amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive income and fair value through the
         profit or loss. The basis of classification depends on the entity’s business model and the contractual cash
         flow characteristics of the financial asset. Investments in equity instruments are required to be measured
         at fair value through profit or loss with the irrevocable option at inception to present changes in fair value on
         other comprehensive income not recycling. There is now a new expected credit losses model that replaces
         the incurred loss impairment model used in NZ IAS 39. For financial liabilities there were no changes to
         classification and measurement except for the recognition of changes in own credit risk on other comprehensive
         income, for liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss. NZ IFRS 9 relaxes the requirements for
         hedge effectiveness by replacing the bright line hedge effectiveness tests. It requires an economic relationship
         between the hedged item and the hedging instrument and for the ‘hedged ratio’ to be the same as the one
         management actually use for risk management purposes. Contemporaneous documentation is still required
         but is different to that currently prepared under NZ IAS 39. The standard is effective for accounting periods
         beginning on or after 1 January 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Group is yet to assess NZ IFRS 9’s full
         impact.
         NZ IFRS 15, ‘Revenue from contracts with customers’ deals with revenue recognition and establishes principles
         for reporting useful information to users of financial statements about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty
         of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity’s contracts with customers. Revenue is recognised when a
         customer obtains control of a good or service and thus has the ability to direct the use and obtain the benefits
         from the good or service. The standard replaces NZ IAS 18 ‘Revenue’ and NZ IAS 11 ‘Construction contracts’
         and related interpretations. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2017
         and earlier application is permitted. The Group is assessing the impact of NZ IFRS 15.
         There are no other NZ IFRS’s or NZ IFRIC interpretations that are not yet effective that would be expected to
         have a material impact on the Group.




40 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
3.	Financial Risk Management

   Due to the broad range of the Group’s activities, there is exposure to a variety of financial risks:
   • Market risk (including currency risk and interest rate risk);
   • Credit risk; and
   • Liquidity risk

   The Group’s risk management programme focuses on minimising the potential adverse effects of these risks.
   The Group’s business is primarily denominated in foreign currencies. The Group holds New Zealand dollars
   and other currencies to settle transactions in the normal course of business.

(a) Market risk
   Foreign Currency Risk
   The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from various currency
   exposures. Presently the majority of the Group's revenue is derived from USD contracts. The majority of the
   Group's product, manufacturing and logistics costs are settled in USD. This provides a strong natural hedge
   position between revenues and costs. USD funds are also converted to NZD to meet operational costs.
   Though the NZD remains the main currency for corporate funding, engineering costs and Group reporting, it
   will continue to diminish as a proportion of total Group costs as product sales outstrip growth in the engineering
   cost base. The Group actively monitors its foreign exchange exposures and may use forward exchange
   contracts to reduce the currency risks associated with these purchases.
   The below tables show the impact on pre-tax loss for the year, if the major currencies that the Company
   transacts in weaken/strengthen by 10% to the USD, with other variables held constant. The impact would
   mainly result in foreign exchange gains or losses on the conversion of cash, receivables and payables.
   The same movement on equity would be expected. 10% was chosen as a reasonable sensitivity given the
   historically volatile markets for foreign exchange

   2014                                            CONSOLIDATED                               PARENT COMPANY
                                        Carrying                                      Carrying
   NZ$000s                               Amount    NZD + 10%        NZD - 10%          Amount NZD + 10%         NZD - 10%
                                       at 31 Dec   Profit / Equity Profit / Equity   at 31 Dec Profit / Equity Profit / Equity

       NZD cash                            610               61             (61)          610              61            (61)
       NZD accounts receivable                4                -                -            4               -              -
       NZD accounts payable               (358)            (36)               36        (358)            (36)             36
       Total NZD                                           $25            ($25)                          $25           ($25)

       SGD cash                              25                2             (2)             3               -              -
       SGD accounts payable                 (4)                -                -          (2)               -              -
       Total SGD                                             $2             ($2)                           $-              $-

       EUR cash                              12                1             (1)             9              1             (1)
       EUR accounts receivable               38                4             (4)           24               2             (2)
       EUR accounts payable               (175)            (17)               17        (171)            (17)             17
       Total EUR                                         ($12)              $12                         ($14)            $14

       TRY cash                               6                1             (1)             -               -              -
       TRY accounts receivable               30                3             (3)             -               -              -
       Total TRY                                             $4             ($4)                           $-              $-

       MXN cash                              35                4             (4)             -               -              -
       MXN accounts receivable                1                -                -            -               -              -
       MXN accounts payable                (17)              (2)               2             -               -              -
                                                             $2             ($2)                           $-              $-




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2014    41
      3. Financial Risk Management (continued)

      (a) Market risk (continued)

         2013                                          CONSOLIDATED                                   PARENT COMPANY
                                            Carrying                                           Carrying
         NZ$000s                             Amount     NZD + 10%        NZD - 10%              Amount        NZD + 10%        NZD - 10%
                                           at 31 Dec    Profit / Equity Profit / Equity       at 31 Dec       Profit / Equity Profit / Equity

             NZD cash                           241               24             (24)              241                  24             (24)
             NZD accounts receivable             45                 5              (5)              45                    5              (5)
             NZD accounts payable             (375)             (38)               38            (375)                (38)               38
             Total NZD                                          ($9)               $9                                 ($9)               $9


             SGD cash                            34                 3              (3)                -                   -                -
             SGD accounts payable              (13)               (1)               1                 -                   -                -
             Total SGD                                            $2             ($2)                                    $-               $-


             EUR cash                            83                 8              (8)              81                    8              (8)
             EUR accounts receivable              3                 -                -                -                   -                -
             EUR accounts payable                (3)                -                -                -                   -                -
             Total EUR                                            $8             ($8)                                   $8             ($8)


             TRY cash                            31                 3              (3)                -                   -                -
             TRY accounts receivable              9                 1              (1)                -                   -                -
             Total TRY                                            $4             ($4)                                    $-               $-



         Interest Rate Risk

         The Group currently has no central overdraft or debt facility. The Group and Parent had cash deposits in various
         currencies at balance sheet date as follows:

                                                                                          2014                              2013
         CONSOLIDATED                                                         Local             NZD               Local           NZD
         $000s                                                               Currency         Equivalent         Currency       Equivalent

         NZD                                                                       610              610                241             241
         EUR                                                                              7          12                  49              83
         USD                                                                       398              508              2,117           2,581
         SGD                                                                         25              25                  35              34
         MXN                                                                       405               35                134               13
         TRY                                                                         11                6                 55              31
         Other                                                                            -               -                 -             1
         Total                                                                                   $1,196                             $2,984




42 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
3. Financial Risk Management (continued)

(a) Market risk (continued)

                                                                                 2014                           2013
    PARENT COMPANY                                                     Local           NZD            Local           NZD
    $000s                                                             Currency       Equivalent      Currency       Equivalent

    NZD                                                                    610             610            241             241
    EUR                                                                      6                9              48            81
    USD                                                                    131             167          1,784           2,175
    Other                                                                    3                3                 -            1
    Total                                                                                 $789                         $2,498

    The impact of a 1% increase / decrease in interest rates over a one year period on the closing cash balance
    would result in an increase / decrease in consolidated pre-tax profit and equity of $12,000 (December 2013 -
    $30,000). 1% was chosen as a reasonable sensitivity given changeable interest rate markets.

(b) Credit Risk
    Credit risk is managed on a Group basis. The Group generally trades with customers and banking
    counterparties who are well established. While there are individually significant customers, the Company and
    Group take out trade credit insurance in order to provide better security. The Group is also exposed to credit
    risk relating to component suppliers for which the Group has sold input components for the assembly of its
    products. Receivables balances are managed by and reported regularly to senior management according to
    the Company’s credit management policies and procedures. The amount outstanding at balance sheet date
    represents the maximum exposure to credit risk.
    The Group enters into foreign exchange derivatives within specified policy limits and only with counter-parties
    approved by directors.
    Cash and cash equivalents of the Company and Group are deposited with a number of trading banks in New
    Zealand and overseas. $687,000 is deposited with a major NZ trading bank with a Standard and Poors rating
    of AA- (2013: $1,770,000 AA-), $114,000 (2013: $92,000) with a major Singapore trading bank and $100,000
    (2013: $721,000) with Western Union. $120,000 is deposited with a Turkish bank with a Standard and Poors
    rating of BB+ (2013: $146,000 BB+). Of the remaining balance, $170,000 (2013: $248,000) is held across a
    number of territories and non-performance of obligations by the relevant banks is not expected due to the credit
    rating of the counter parties considered.

(c) Liquidity Risk
    The Company and Group maintain regular forecasts of liquidity based on expected cash flows. The table below
    analyses the Company’s and Group’s financial liabilities into relevant groups based on the remaining period at
    the reporting date to the end of the contractual date. The amounts disclosed are the contractual undiscounted
    cash flows.
                                                        2014                                          2013
    CONSOLIDATED                        Less than      7 to 12       More than       Less than       7 to 12        More than
    $000's                              6 months       months        12 months       6 months        months         12 months

    Trade and other payables                5,291                -               -       7,032                  -            -
    Coupon on preference shares               126           126            378                   -              -            -
                                           $5,417         $126           $378           $7,032               $-             $-




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2014     43
      3. Financial Risk Management (continued)

      (c) Liquidity risk (continued)

                                                                    2014                                       2013
         PARENT COMPANY                        Less than           7 to 12       More than    Less than       7 to 12       More than
         $000's                                6 months            months        12 months    6 months        months        12 months

         Trade and other payables                  4,690                     -            -       6,892                 -           -
         Coupon on preference shares                  126              126             378                -             -           -
                                                  $4,816              $126            $378      $6,892                $-           $-

         The table below analyses derivative financial instruments that are settled net and all gross settled derivatives
         into their relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at balance date to the contracted maturity
         date. The amounts disclosed are the contracted undiscounted cash flows.

         CONSOLIDATED & PARENT                 Liability           Asset
         COMPANY                               carrying           carrying       Contracted   Less than       6 to 12       More than
         $000's                                amount             amount         cash flows   6 months        months        12 months

         2014
         Forward foreign exchange
                                                            4                -
            contracts
         - Outflow                                                                   (254)       (254)                  -           -
         - Inflow                                                                      250         250                  -           -

                                                Liability
         $000's                                 carrying        Asset carrying Contracted     Less than       6 to 12       More than
                                                amount             amount      cash flows     6 months        months        12 months

         2013
         Forward foreign exchange
                                                            -              31
            contracts
         - Outflow                                                                   (969)        (969)                 -           -
         - Inflow                                                                    1,000        1,000                 -           -

      (d) Capital risk management
         The Company’s objectives when managing capital is to safeguard the Company’s ability to continue as a
         going concern in order to provide returns to shareholders and benefits to other stakeholders and to maintain an
         optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital (refer to note 2(a)).
         The Company currently monitors capital on the basis of cash requirements and, in order to maintain or adjust
         the capital structure, generally issues new shares to investors through rights issues or institutional placements.
         The Group and the Company have not been subject to any externally imposed capital requirements during the period.

      (e) Fair value estimation
         The only financial instruments carried at fair value are derivatives comprising forward foreign exchange
         contracts and the embedded option.
         The forward exchange contract has been classified as Level 2 and the embedded option as Level 3.
         The different levels have been defined as follows:
         • Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1)
         • Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
           directly (ie as prices) or indirectly (ie derived from prices) (Level 2)
         • Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (ie unobservable inputs) (Level 3)
         The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the balance
           sheet date, with the resulting value discounted back to present value.
         The fair value of the embedded option is described in more detail in note 22.



44 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
4.	Financial instruments by category

                                                      CONSOLIDATED           PARENT COMPANY
                                                     2014        2013        2014        2013
  Assets per Statements of Financial Position
                                                     $000s       $000s       $000s       $000s

  Loans and Receivables
  Trade and other receivables                         4,856        7,208       1,778       2,402
  Cash and cash equivalents                           1,196        2,984        789        2,498
  Advances to subsidiaries                                   -           -     5,357       4,612
  Derivatives used for hedging
  Derivative financial instruments                           -       31              -        31
                                                     $6,052      $10,223     $7,924      $9,543

  Liabilities per Statements of Financial Position

  At amortised cost
  Trade and other payables                            5,333        7,032       4,732       6,892
  Borrowings                                          4,507              -     4,507             -
  Derivatives used for hedging
  Derivative financial instruments                           4           -           4           -
  At fair value
  Embedded option                                        10              -       10              -
                                                     $9,854       $7,032     $9,253      $6,892




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2014   45
      5. Critical accounting estimates and judgEments
         Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
         including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
         Critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements
         The Company makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates
         will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a
         significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
         financial year are discussed below.

         (i) Going Concern Assumption
         Refer note 2(a) in relation to the adoption of the going concern assumption.

         (ii) Development Costs- $2,257,000 (2013 - $619,000)
         Development costs are capitalised once it can be demonstrated that the asset is supported by future economic
         benefits (refer note 2(o)). Management is required to consider the following criteria when making its judgement
         as to when it is appropriate to commence capitalisation of development costs:
         • technical feasibility of completing the development so that it will be available for use or sale;
         • intention to complete the development;
         • ability to use the developed asset or sell it;
         • existence of a market;
         • availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete and commercialise the
           development; and
         • ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the development.
         Developments in progress are assessed for impairment annually in accordance with the accounting policies
         (refer note 2(i)) which require estimates of future cash flows.

         (iii) Inventory Provisions- $324,000 (2013 - $1,080,000)
         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Management review inventory on a line by
         line basis. Judgements are made about expected selling prices and obsolescence based on forecast sales.

         (iv) Warranty Provision - $259,000 (2013 - $286,000)
         Provisions for warranties are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as
         a result of past events; it is more likely than not that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the
         obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. The terms of the warranty provide that the Company
         will repair or replace items that fail to perform satisfactorily. A provision has been recognised based on
         historical data and average levels of repairs and warranty claims experienced by the Group with respect to
         similar products. It is expected that the provision will be utilised within one year (refer to note 20).

         (v) Receivables and provision for doubtful debts - $141,000 (2013: $161,000)
         The Group performs ongoing reviews of the bad debt risk within its receivables and makes provisions to reflect
         its views of the financial condition of its customers and their ability to pay in full for amounts owing for goods
         provided. This determination requires significant judgement. In making this judgement, the Group evaluates
         amongst other factors whether there is objective evidence of significant financial difficulty of the customer,
         whether there has been breach of contract such as default in payment terms, whether it has become probable
         that the customer will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation, the disappearance of an active
         market for that customer because of financial difficulties, and national or local economic conditions that could
         impact on the customer.




46 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
6. Segment Information
(a) Reportable segments
   At 31 December 2014, the Group is organised on a global basis into one operating segment: marketing, selling,
   manufacturing and developing electric motors and associated electronics and software. The segment result is
   reflected in the financial statements.
(b) Geographical segments
   The Group operates in four main geographical areas, even though it is managed on a global basis. The home
   country of the Company, and the home of the parent company, is New Zealand. The Group’s revenue is
   generated mainly from the manufacture and supply of electric motors.
                                                                    CONSOLIDATED
                                                                  2014        2013
   Revenue from external customers by geographic areas
                                                                  $000s      $000s

   New Zealand                                                          42              3
   Americas                                                        10,421        19,395
   Asia/Pacific –other                                               2,109           1,722
   Europe                                                            5,233           6,317
   Total                                                          $17,805       $27,437

   Revenue is allocated above based on the country in which the customer is located.
                                                                    CONSOLIDATED
                                                                  2014        2013
   Total non-current assets                                       $000s      $000s

   New Zealand                                                       3,903           1,949
   Americas                                                               -             7
   Asia/Pacific –other                                                    -            19
   Europe                                                                 8            16
   Total                                                           $3,911        $1,991

   Total assets are allocated based on where the owners of the assets are located.
   Major Customers
   Three major customers (each representing 10% or more of revenues), each account for revenues of $3,884,000,
   $3,373,000 and $3,334,000 of total revenues (2013: two customers each with revenues of $10,459,000 and
   $4,121,000).

7. REVENUE
                                                                    CONSOLIDATED             PARENT COMPANY
                                                                  2014          2013         2014        2013
                                                                  $000s         $000s        $000s       $000s

   Product revenue                                                 17,804        27,435       16,458      23,068
   Services revenue                                                       1             2            -           2
                                                                  $17,805       $27,437      $16,458     $23,070




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2014   47
      8. OTHER INCOME
                                                                            CONSOLIDATED           PARENT COMPANY
                                                                         2014         2013         2014         2013
                                                                         $000s        $000s        $000s        $000s

         Net foreign exchange gains                                           482          129         569               -
         Subvention payment received (note 11)                                   -            -      3,183            281
         Licence fees received                                                 71             -         71               -
         Other income                                                         157          382         142            398
                                                                             $710        $511       $3,965           $679

         Net foreign exchange gains in 2014 include $355,000 arising from the revaluation of borrowings (note 21).


      9. EXPENSES
                                                                            CONSOLIDATED           PARENT COMPANY
                                                                         2014         2013         2014         2013
                                                                         $000s        $000s        $000s        $000s

         Loss before income tax includes the following specific expenses:
         Depreciation (note 16)
            Plant and equipment                                               164          148         159            133
            Office equipment, furniture & fittings                             56           66          48             75
                                                                             $220        $214         $207           $208
         Employee benefits
            Wages and salaries                                               5,025      4,828        3,863           3,751
            Sick leave                                                         22           28          22             28
            Holiday pay                                                       219          279         214            267
            Employee share options expense                                     49          115          49            115
            Other short term employee related costs                           320          317         187            185
                                                                            $5,635     $5,567       $4,335       $4,346
         Auditor’s remuneration
            PricewaterhouseCoopers:
            -Audit of financial statements of the Group                        90           74          90             74
            -Procedures over interim financial statements of the Group           6          11             6           11
            Audit of subsidiaries by other auditors                              8          16             -             -
                                                                             $104        $101          $96            $85


         Restructuring costs (note 20)                                           -          60             -           19
         Amortisation of intangible assets (note 17)                          227          304         222            293
         Impairment of intangible assets (note 17)                             55          318          55            318
         Doubtful debts (release) / expense (note 14)                            6       (146)             3          (31)
         Rental expense relating to operating leases                          471          461         303            421
         Loss / (gain) on disposal of plant and equipment                        2          (3)         (4)             4
         Net foreign exchange losses                                             -            -            -           97
         Research & development costs expensed                                251          287         251            287
         Development time capitalised                                    (1,153)         (690)      (1,153)          (690)
         Inventory (recovery) / write downs (note 15)                        (109)         (72)        (58)           395
         Impairment of VAT receivable                                         339             -            -             -
         Impairment release of subsidiary company advances                       -            -     (4,059)          (876)
            (note 29)
         Impairment charge of investments in subsidiaries
            (note 29)                                                            -            -      4,928             19




48 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
10.	FINANCE
                                                                        CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                      2014          2013          2014          2013
                                                                      $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

   Finance income
       Change in fair value of embedded option (note 22)                  581               -         581               -
       Other interest income                                                13              9          11               9
                                                                         $594             $9         $592            $9

   Finance expenses
       Amortisation of borrowing (note 21)                                376               -         376               -
       Preference shares coupon                                           179               -         179               -
       Other interest income                                                  4           24              4          20
                                                                         $559           $24          $559           $20


11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

(a) Income tax expense
   No taxation is payable as the Company and Group have tax losses available to carry forward and offset against
   current year taxable income.

(b) Losses for tax purposes

                                                                        CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                      2014          2013          2014          2013
                                                                      $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

   Reported loss for period before tax                                (4,474)        (3,763)       (2,431)      (6,764)
   Non-deductible / non assessable items                                (166)           (99)       (2,434)        (997)
   Less unrecognised timing differences                                   259          (536)         (166)          393
   Net loss for tax purposes                                          (4,381)        (4,398)       (5,031)      (7,368)
   Losses carried forward from prior years                           (87,786)      (84,453)      (76,999)      (70,646)
   Adjustment of prior periods                                        (1,047)           680          (902)        1,015
   Expired losses                                                             -             -             -             -
   Exchange adjustments                                                 (174)           385               -             -
   Losses available to carry forward to future years                ($93,388)     ($87,786)     ($82,932)     ($76,999)

   Of the total consolidated losses available to carry forward to future years. $2,746,000 (2013 - $2,763,000) arises
   in the U.S.A. and is subject to their continuity requirements. U.S.A. Federal tax losses expire after 15 to 20 years,
   depending on when those losses were incurred. During the 2014 year no U.S.A. Federal tax losses expired
   (2013 - None).

(c) Unrecognised deferred tax balances
   The Company and Group have not recognised income tax losses and temporary differences as a future income
   tax benefit due to the uncertainty of their recoverability in the immediate future. The losses available to be
   carried forward are subject to the shareholder continuity requirements of the New Zealand Income Tax Act 1994
   and the countries in which the losses have arisen. Further details can be found in Note 23.

(d) Subvention payment
   The Company received a subvention payment of $3,183,000 (2013: $281,000) from a subsidiary company.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2014   49
      12. IMPUTATION CREDITS
         The Parent and the Group have no imputation credits available (2013 – $nil) and no movements occurred in the
         Imputation Credit Account (2013 – $nil)


      13. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                          CONSOLIDATED             PARENT COMPANY
                                                                         2014         2013         2014         2013
                                                                         $000s        $000s        $000s        $000s

         Cash on hand and at bank                                            755        1,040          611          735
         Call deposits                                                       364        1,867          101        1,686
         Short term bank deposits 3 to 12 months                              77           77           77           77
         Cash and cash equivalents in cash the Cash Flow
                                                                         $1,196        $2,984         $789       $2,498
            Statement
         All short term bank deposits can be accessed within 3 months if necessary.


      14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                          CONSOLIDATED             PARENT COMPANY
                                                                         2014         2013         2014         2013
                                                                         $000s        $000s        $000s        $000s

         Net trade receivables
            Trade receivables - external                                   4,965        7,272        1,254        1,630
            Trade receivables - subsidiaries                                     -            -        574          827
            Provision for doubtful debts                                   (141)        (161)          (50)         (55)
                                                                           4,824        7,111        1,778        2,402
         Prepayments                                                         283          325          278          253
         VAT/GST refunds due                                                 168          356           42           38
         Income tax refund due                                                   3            3            -             -
         Other receivables                                                    32           97              -             -
                                                                         $5,310        $7,892       $2,098       $2,693

         The fair values of trade receivables approximate their carrying amounts. The fair values of receivables from
         related parties approximate their face value because the receivables are payable on demand and are stated at
         net realisable value. At balance sheet date, trade receivables of $1,420,000 were past due but not considered
         impaired (2013 - $1,617,000). Of this amount $168,000 (2013: $289,000) was 3 months or more overdue.
         Individual receivables are assessed as impaired where customers have defaulted on payment terms and
         management has assessed the likelihood of recovery as remote. A full provision has been made against those
         individually impaired assets. For receivables that are neither past due nor impaired, management does not
         foresee any likelihood of default as the receivables are due from long-standing customers.

                                                                          CONSOLIDATED             PARENT COMPANY
                                                                         2014         2013         2014         2013
                                                                         $000s        $000s        $000s        $000s

         Provision for doubtful debts beginning of year                      161          329           55           91
         Increase / (decrease) in provision                                      6      (146)              3        (31)
         Bad debts written off                                              (24)           (9)          (7)          (6)
         Exchange adjustment                                                 (2)          (13)          (1)              1
         Provision for doubtful debts end of year                          $141          $161          $50          $55

         The movement in the provision for doubtful debts is recognised within 'Operating expenses' in the Statements of
         Comprehensive Income.



50 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
15. INVENTORIES
                                                                         CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                       2014          2013          2014          2013
                                                                       $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

   Finished goods – at cost                                              3,745         2,566           719           360
   Work in progress – at cost                                              867         1,779           867         1,410
   Raw materials – at cost                                                 386           710           250           452
   Less inventory provisions                                             (324)        (1,080)        (153)         (319)
   Total inventories                                                   $4,674         $3,975        $1,683        $1,903

   Certain inventories are subject to retention of title clauses.

15. Inventories (continued)

                                                                         CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                       2014          2013          2014          2013
                                                                       $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

   Inventory provision at commencement of year                           1,080         1,481           319           259
   Recognised in the Income Statement
   - Inventory scrapped                                                  (650)          (275)        (116)         (321)
   - Reversal of provision                                               (109)           (72)          (58)          395
   Exchange adjustments                                                        3         (54)              8         (14)
   Inventory provision at end of year                                    $324         $1,080          $153          $319

   The reversal of inventory provision is attributable to the recovery of the inventory value as a result of sale and or
   use in manufacture.

                                                                         CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                       2014          2013          2014          2013
                                                                       $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

   Cost of inventories recognised as an expense and
      included in cost of sales                                       $13,815        $21,384      $14,521       $21,519




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2014   51
      16. PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                    CONSOLIDATED                           PARENT COMPANY
                                        Plant &          Office     Total          Plant &        Office     Total
                                       equipment      equipment                   equipment    equipment
                                                      furniture &                              furniture &
                                                        fittings                                 fittings
                                        $000s           $000s       $000s          $000s         $000s       $000s

         At 31 December 2012
            Cost                           4,819          2,234       7,053           3,774         1,547      5,321
            Accumulated depreciation
                                         (4,208)         (1,889)    (6,097)         (3,267)       (1,383)    (4,650)
            and impairments
            Exchange adjustment            (177)           (194)      (371)           (101)          (46)      (147)
            Net book amount                $434            $151       $585            $406          $118       $524

         Year ended 31 December 2013
            Opening net book amount         434              151        585            406            118        524
            Additions                         56              46        102              44            36            80
            Depreciation                   (148)            (66)      (214)           (133)          (75)      (208)
            Impairments                         -               -             -            -             -            -
            Disposals                       (12)            (35)       (47)                -             -            -
            Exchange adjustment                 -             (1)           (1)            1             -            1
            Closing net book amount        $330              $95      $425            $318            $79      $397

         At 31 December 2013
            Cost                           4,707           2,148      6,855           3,811         1,577      5,388
            Accumulated depreciation
                                         (4,200)         (1,858)    (6,058)         (3,393)       (1,452)    (4,845)
            and impairments
            Exchange adjustment            (177)           (195)      (372)           (100)          (46)      (146)
            Net book amount                $330              $95      $425            $318            $79      $397

         Year ended 31 December 2014
            Opening net book amount         330               95       425             318             79        397
            Additions                       537             141        678             537            110        647
            Depreciation                   (164)            (56)      (220)           (159)          (48)      (207)
            Impairments                         -               -             -            -             -            -
            Disposals                       (38)            (60)       (98)             (2)          (13)        (15)
            Exchange adjustment              36               59            95             6           40            46
            Closing net book amount        $701            $179       $880            $700          $168       $868

         At 31 December 2014
             Cost                         4,812           1,660      6,472            4,321         1,277      5,598
            Accumulated depreciation
                                         (3,970)        (1,345)     (5,315)         (3,527)       (1,103)    (4,630)
            and impairments
            Exchange adjustment            (141)          (136)       (277)            (94)            (6)     (100)
            Net book amount                $701            $179       $880            $700          $168       $868




52 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                  Internally
                                 Generated
  CONSOLIDATED                  Development    Patents       Software       Other        Total
                                    costs
                                    $000s      $000s          $000s         $000s        $000s

  At 31 December 2012
     Cost                            4,228        1,878           393               96     6,595
     Accumulated amortisation       (3,714)       (974)         (333)          (71)      (5,092)
     Exchange adjustment             (200)         (82)           (10)         (23)        (315)
     Net book amount                  $314        $822            $50               $2   $1,188

  Year ended 31 December 2013
     Opening net book amount           314          822            50                2     1,188
     Additions                         766          151            13               64       994
     Amortisation                    (146)        (125)           (30)          (3)        (304)
     Impairments                          -       (318)                 -            -     (318)
     Exchange adjustment                  2              5         (1)               -           6
     Closing net book amount          $936        $535            $32          $63       $1,566


  At 31 December 2013
     Cost                            4,994        1,385           406          160         6,945
     Accumulated amortisation       (3,860)       (773)         (363)          (74)      (5,070)
     Exchange adjustment             (198)         (77)           (11)         (23)        (309)
     Net book amount                  $936        $535            $32          $63       $1,566

  Year ended 31 December 2014
     Opening net book amount           936         535             32               63    1,566
     Additions                       1,532           57                 -           15    1,604
     Amortisation                    (139)         (65)          (20)           (3)        (227)
     Impairments                          -        (55)                 -            -      (55)
     Exchange adjustment               113           25                 -           5       143
     Closing net book amount       $2,442         $497            $12          $80       $3,031

  At 31 December 2014
     Cost                            6,526       1,442            406          175        8,549
     Accumulated amortisation      (3,999)       (893)          (383)          (77)      (5,352)
     Exchange adjustment              (85)         (52)          (11)          (18)        (166)
     Net book amount               $2,442         $497            $12          $80       $3,031




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2014   53
      17. Intangible Assets (continued)

                                                           Internally
                                                          Generated
                                                         Development
         PARENT COMPANY
                                                             costs      Patents       Software       Other       Total

                                                            $000s        $000s         $000s         $000s       $000s

         At 31 December 2012
             Cost                                             4,228        1,878           379           10       6,495
             Accumulated amortisation                       (3,714)        (974)         (330)               -   (5,018)
             Exchange adjustment                              (200)         (82)           (10)          (8)       (300)
             Net book amount                                  $314         $822            $39           $2      $1,177

         Year ended 31 December 2013
             Opening net book amount                            314          822            39               2    1,177
             Additions                                          766          151            13           50         980
             Amortisation                                     (146)        (125)           (22)              -     (293)
             Impairments                                            -      (318)                 -           -     (318)
             Exchange adjustment                                    2             5              -           -           7
             Closing net book amount                          $936         $535            $30          $52      $1,553

         At 31 December 2013
             Cost                                             4,994        1,385           392           60       6,831
             Accumulated amortisation                       (3,860)        (773)         (352)               -   (4,985)
             Exchange adjustment                              (198)         (77)           (10)          (8)       (293)
             Net book amount                                  $936         $535            $30          $52      $1,553

         Year ended 31 December 2014
             Opening net book amount                            936          535            30           52       1,553
             Additions                                        1,532           57                 -       15       1,604
             Amortisation                                     (139)         (65)           (18)              -     (222)
             Impairments                                            -       (55)                 -           -      (55)
             Exchange adjustment                                113           25                 -           4      142
             Closing net book amount                         $2,442        $497            $12          $71      $3,022

         At 31 December 2014
             Cost                                             6,526        1,442           392           75       8,435
             Accumulated amortisation                       (3,999)        (893)         (370)               -   (5,262)
             Exchange adjustment                                (85)        (52)           (10)          (4)       (151)
             Net book amount                                 $2,442        $497            $12          $71      $3,022

         The remaining amortisation period of these intangibles varies between 9 months and 19 years. An impairment
         assessment of intangible assets is performed annually based on estimated future cash flows.
         The Company has been made aware of prior art in respect of one patent which means the patent is impaired.
         This has resulted in impairment losses of $55,000 being recognised in the year ended 31 December 2014 for
         the Parent and Group (2013: $318,000).
         Included within internally generated development costs is $2,257,000 (2013: $619,000) under development.
         This cost is not yet being amortised. An impairment assessment has been performed at 31 December 2014
         taking into account costs to complete the developments, costs to set up the manufacturing capability, estimates
         of market volume and price and estimated manufacturing unit costs.




54 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
18. SUBSIDIARIES
  The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries
  in accordance with the accounting policy described in Note 2b.

                                                                  Country of       Class of
                                                                                                  2014        2013
                                                                incorporation      Shares

  Wellington Drive Sales Ltd                                   New Zealand        Ordinary        100%        100%
  Wellington Drive Technologies US, Inc                            USA            Ordinary        100%        100%
  Wellington Motor Teknolojileri San Tic Ltd Sti                  Turkey          Ordinary        100%        100%
  Wellington Italia Srl                                             Italy         Ordinary        100%        100%
  Wellington Drive Technologies Pte Ltd                         Singapore         Ordinary        100%        100%
  Wellington Manufacturing Group Singapore Pte Ltd              Singapore         Ordinary        100%        100%
  Wellington Latin America Services SA de CV                      Mexico          Ordinary        100%        100%
  Wellington Mexico Tecnologia SA de CV                           Mexico          Ordinary        100%        100%

  All subsidiaries have a common balance date of 31 December.
  Wellington Mexico Tecnologia SA de CV was incorporated in July 2013.


19. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                       CONSOLIDATED               PARENT COMPANY
                                                                     2014           2013          2014        2013
                                                                     $000s          $000s         $000s       $000s

  Trade payables                                                       4,515          5,995         4,007       5,813
  Intercompany payables– refer note 29(d)                                     -               -           -       182
  Related party payables – refer note 29(d)                                 283         593          283          593
  Accrued expenses                                                          207         205          142          107
  Employee expenses                                                         328         239          300          197
                                                                      $5,333         $7,032        $4,732      $6,892




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2014   55
      20. PROVISIONS

                                                                              CONSOLIDATED               PARENT COMPANY
                                                                            2014           2013         2014          2013
                                                                            $000s          $000s        $000s         $000s

         Restructuring provisions                                                    -         195               -             71
         Warranty provisions                                                     259           286           259           286
                                                                               $259           $481         $259          $357

         (a) Restructuring provisions

         Carrying amount at start of year                                        195           479            71           270
         Additional provisions recognised                                            -         143               -             19
         Amounts used                                                          (191)         (343)           (71)        (219)
         Unused amounts reversed                                                     -         (83)              -              -
         Exchange adjustment                                                      (4)           (1)              -              1
                                                                                    $-        $195              $-         $71

         Provisions were made to recognise the costs expected to be incurred as a result of restructuring including
         redundancies, onerous lease costs and onerous supply contracts.

         (b) Warranty provisions

                                                                              CONSOLIDATED               PARENT COMPANY
                                                                            2014           2013         2014          2013
                                                                            $000s          $000s        $000s         $000s

         Carrying amount at start of year                                        286           529           286           529
         Additional provisions recognised                                        457           504           457           504
         Amounts used                                                          (193)         (144)         (193)         (144)
         Unused amounts reversed                                               (268)         (607)         (268)         (607)
         Exchange adjustment                                                    (23)               4         (23)               4
         Carrying amount at end of year                                        $259           $286         $259          $286

         The Group sells electric motors with warranty periods of up to three years. The terms of the warranty provide
         that the Group will repair or replace items that fail to perform satisfactorily. A provision has been recognised
         based on historical data and average levels of repairs and warranty claims experienced by the Group. It is
         expected that the provision will be utilised within one year as any product failures are typically exhibited within
         one year of sale.




56 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
21. BORROWINGS
  On 19 May 2014 the Company issued $5,042,346 of mandatory convertible preference shares at an issue price
  of $0.20 per share, bearing a fixed coupon rate of 5% per annum, payable six monthly in arrears. In May 2017
  the convertible preference shares mandatorily convert to ordinary shares in accordance with a conversion ratio.
  If the ordinary share price (at that time) is greater than $0.24, then each convertible preference share will convert
  to ordinary shares on a 1:1 basis. If the ordinary share price is less than or equal to $0.24, then preference
  shares convert at $0.20 divided by 80% of the then share price for each preference share held.
  The preference shares are recognised initially as a liability at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and are
  subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the
  redemption value (being 25,211,740 shares at $0.25) is recognised in the income statement over the period to
  conversion using the effective interest method. The coupon on these shares will be recognised in the income
  statement as interest expense.
                                                                    CONSOLIDATED
                                                                         $000s

  Preference shares – redemption value                                        6,303
  Proceeds of issue                                                           5,042
  Less costs of issue                                                         (346)
  Net proceeds                                                                4,696
  Embedded derivative (note 22)                                                   565
  Liability at date of issue                                                  4,131


                                                                        CONSOLIDATED               PARENT COMPANY
                                                                      2014          2013          2014          2013
                                                                      $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

  Liability at start of year                                                  -              -            -              -
  New issue                                                             4,131                -       4,131               -
  Amortisation                                                            376                -         376               -
  Liability at end of year                                             $4,507               $-     $4,507               $-

  The effective interest rate on the liability at 31 December 2014 was 19.15% taking into account costs of issue.
  The liability has been classified as non-current because the preference shares convert in 2017.
  The carrying value at amortised cost of the borrowings approximates its fair value, as the impact of discounting
  is not significant.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2014    57
      22. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                                            CONSOLIDATED             PARENT COMPANY
                                                                          2014         2013          2014            2013
                                                                          $000s        $000s         $000s           $000s

         Option embedded in the preference shares                             (10)              -        (10)                 -
         Forward foreign exchange contracts                                    (4)           31           (4)             31
         Asset / (liability) at end of year                                 ($14)           $31         ($14)           $31

         (a) Embedded option
         The mandatory convertible preference shares have the characteristics of both a bond-like security and an
         embedded option:
         • The bond like component promises the preference shareholders the payment of a coupon of 5%, payable on
           a 6 monthly basis, in arrears;
         • The embedded option component provides the preference shareholders with the ability to benefit if the share
           price of the Company’s ordinary shares is above $0.25 at the conversion date.
         The embedded option derivative is initially recognised at fair value as determined by an independent valuer
         using the Black-Scholes valuation model. It is subsequently remeasured by the Company at 31 December. The
         Company’s Chief Financial Officer performs the valuation of the embedded option using key variables at the
         reporting date. Changes in the fair value are recorded in the income statement as a “finance cost / income”.


                                                                            CONSOLIDATED             PARENT COMPANY
                                                                          2014         2013          2014            2013
                                                                          $000s        $000s         $000s           $000s

         Liability at start of year                                               -             -            -                -
         New issue (note 21)                                                (565)               -       (565)                 -
         Gains recognised in finance income (note 10)                         581               -        581                  -
         Exchange adjustments                                                 (26)              -        (26)                 -
         Liability at end of year                                           ($10)              $-       ($10)                $-


         The key variables applied in the assessment of the value of the embedded option are:

                                                                    31 December 2014                                  On issue

         Exercise price                                                       $0.25                                    $0.25
         Risk free rate                                                        3.6%                                    3.9%
         Ordinary shares – market price                                      $0.077                                    $0.15
         Volatility of share price                                          38.74%                               47% to 53%
         Expiry date                                                   19 May 2017                               19 May 2017

         The embedded option is highly sensitive to the market share price at the date of valuation. All other key
         variables do not have a significant impact on the fair value measurement.

         (b) Forward foreign exchange contracts
         The majority of the Group’s revenue is invoiced in USD and the majority of the Group’s product and logistics
         costs are settled in USD. Head office and Engineering costs are largely NZD denominated. The Parent
         may hedge highly probable forecast NZD costs that are expected to occur at various dates over the next 6
         months. These contracts are timed to mature when the costs will be incurred. The forward currency contracts
         are considered to be highly effective as they are matched against forecast cash outflows with any gain/
         loss on contracts attributable to the hedged risk taken directly to equity and recycled to the Statements of
         Comprehensive Income in the following year when the contract is settled (refer note 26).




58 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
23. DEFERRED TAX
                                                                         CONSOLIDATED                PARENT COMPANY
                                                                     2014             2013           2014         2013
                                                                     $000s            $000s          $000s        $000s

  Unrecognised deferred tax assets
  Doubtful debts                                                            40              40             14            15
  Inventory provisions                                                      91              155            43            89
  Employee benefits                                                        158              202            158       202
  Other timing differences                                                  72               99             72           99
  Tax losses to carry forward                                            26,149        24,580         23,221       21,561
  Unrecognised net deferred tax asset                               $26,510           $25,076        $23,508      $21,966
  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset and they
  relate to the same tax authority. The New Zealand corporate tax rate of 28% has been used to determine the
  above deferred tax balances. The Company and Group recognise possible unused tax losses and temporary
  differences only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary tax
  differences and losses.


24. CONTRIBUTED EQUITY

                                                            2014              2013                2014           2013
  CONSOLIDATED & PARENT
                                                           Shares            Shares               $000s          $000s

  Ordinary shares – fully paid                          126,373,117        126,058,703             114,273        114,289
  Ordinary shares – partly paid                           6,941,452          3,790,649                    35             19
  US employee share options                                 673,510               288,647                  -              -
  Share warrants                                          5,300,000          5,300,000                     -              -
  Preference shares (note 21)                            25,211,740                     -                  -              -
  Total shares and options on issue                     164,499,819        135,437,999            $114,308       $114,308

  (a) Ordinary shares – fully paid
  Opening balance of ordinary shares on issue           126,058,703         80,766,450             114,289        108,495
  Issues of ordinary shares during the year:
    • March 2013 issues at 13 cents for cash                         -      16,000,002                     -        2,080
    • May 2013 Share Purchase Plan at 13 cents
                                                                     -       3,923,021                     -         510
      for cash
    • June 2013 issues at 13 cents for cash                          -      14,769,230                     -        1,920
    • September 2013 placement at 15.5 cents for
                                                                     -      10,600,000                     -        1,643
      cash to East West Manufacturing
    • June 2014 issues at 11 cents for cash                 314,414                     -                 34
    • Share issue costs                                              -                  -             (50)          (359)
  Ordinary fully paid shares on issue at year end       126,373,117        126,058,703            $114,273       $114,289

  All ordinary shares are authorised and have no par value. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in
  dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of and amounts paid
  on shares held.

  (b) Ordinary shares – partly paid
     Partly paid shares outstanding at start of year      3,790,649          1,959,926                    19             49
     Issues of partly paid shares during the year:        3,150,803          2,443,320                    16             12
     Lapsed                                                          -       (612,597)                     -         (42)
     Surrendered                                                     -                  -                  -              -
     Ordinary part paid shares on issue at year end       6,941,452          3,790,649                $35            $19




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2014   59
      24. Contributed Equity (continued)

                                                                                             Balance
                                                                          Partly paid       payable on       Outstanding   Outstanding
           Issue Date     Earliest date      Expiry       Share hurdle    share price        exercise          at 2014        at 2013
                           to exercise    exercise date   price (cents)     (cents)           (cents)         (numbers)     (numbers)

          6 Dec 2011     6 Dec 2013       6 Dec 2015        25.56          25.56             25.06           1,347,329     1,347,329
         15 Apr 2013 15 Apr 2015 15 Apr 2017                17.25          17.25             16.75            807,665      807,665
         24 Jun 2013 24 Jun 2016 24 Jun 2018                16.29          16.29             15.79           1,635,665     1,635,665
         18 Jun 2014 18 Jun 2016 18 Jun 2018                14.22          14.22             13.72           1,260,587         -
          23 Jul 2014    23 Jul 2017      23 Jul 2019       14.73          14.73             14.23           1,890,216         -

         A Partly Paid Share Scheme was established in June 2008, to enable certain employees to acquire shares in the
         Company. Under the Scheme the issue price is the calculated as the weighted average of the market price over
         the 10 trading days prior to the issue date, plus 20% where the earliest exercise date is 2 years after issue, or
         30% where the earliest exercise date is 3 years after issue. 0.5 cents per part-paid share is required to be paid
         on issue. After the earliest date to exercise, provided the market price for the Company’s shares is, at that date,
         equal to or greater than the hurdle price stated above (and on or before 2 years after the earliest exercise date),
         employees can settle the unpaid balance of their part-paid shares and transfer the shares to their name or the
         name of their nominated trustee.
         Wellington Drive Technologies Share Scheme Trustee Limited (WSST) acts as trustee holding the part-paid
         shares on behalf of employees. These partly paid shares are not quoted on the NZX and are not tradable.
         Mr Greg Allen, the Company’s Chief Executive, was issued 1,347,329 part paid shares in December 2011,
         807,665 part paid shares in April 2013 and a further 1,260,587 part paid shares in June 2014 that have a two
         year vesting period.
         Directors have agreed the 1,347,329 part paid shares issued in December 2011 to Mr Allen, have satisfied the
         hurdle price requirements of the Scheme. Mr Allen has until December 2015 to take up his entitlements to the
         1,347,329 shares and settle the balance of the issue price of 25.06 cents per share due in respect of the shares
         plus any holding cost applicable under the Scheme.
         Fair value is assessed at the date that the partly paid shares or share options are granted using a binomial
         option pricing model that takes into account the exercise price, the three year term of the partly paid shares or
         options, the exercise criteria, the likelihood of staff turnover, the non-tradable nature of the partly paid share or
         option, the share price at the issue or grant date, the volatility of the returns on the underlying share and the risk-
         free interest rate for the term of the partly paid share or option.
         The model inputs for partly paid shares issued were as follows:
                                                                                        2014 issues        2013 issues     2011 issue

           • Market price or “hurdle price” required to enable the partly           14.22-14.73           16.29 - 17.25            25.56
             paid shares to be exercised:                                                 cents                   cents            cents
           • Expected volatility of the Company’s shares:                                   46.57%              52.7%               60%
           • Risk-free interest rate:                                               3.63 - 3.87%                2.87%              2.5%
           • Expected term:                                                              2 - 3 years        2 - 3 years        2 years

      (c) U.S. employee share options (numbers)
                                                                                       2014                   2013
                                                                                   Share Options          Share Options

             Options outstanding at start of year                                          288,647              37,500
             Issues of U.S. employee options during the year:                              384,863             288,647
             Lapsed                                                                                   -        (37,500)
             Outstanding at end of year                                                    673,510             288,647




60 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
24. Contributed Equity (continued)
   The Annual Meeting held in June 2010 approved the establishment of the United States Share Option Plan
   and authorised the Board to issue up to 3,000,000 options. All options must be exercised within 12 months
   after a period of three years from the date on which the options are issued. The price at which options can be
   exercised under the United States Share Option Plan is the closing sales price on the date of the grant plus a
   30% premium. Further details of share options granted are summarised below:

                                                           Outstanding at     Outstanding at
                                          Exercise price       2014               2013
       Grant Date          Expiry date       (cents)         (numbers)         (numbers)

     24 Jun 2013        24 Jun 2017            16.9              288,647             288,647
     23 Jul 2014        23 Jul 2018            14.3              288,647                       -
     21 Aug 2014        21 Aug 2019            12.2                96,216                      -

   The model inputs for partly paid shares issued were as follows:
                                                                                  2014 issue       2013 issue

     • Market price or “hurdle price” required (being the issue price plus        12.2 – 14.3      16.9 cents
       30%), to enable the partly paid shares to be exercised:                          cents
     • Expected volatility of the Company’s shares                                    46.57%           52.7%
     • Risk-free interest rate:                                                        3.87%           2.87%
     • Expected term:                                                                 3 years         3 years

(d) Share warrants (numbers)
                                                                      2014            2013

       Warrants outstanding at start of year                       5,300,000                   -
       Issues of warrants during the year:                                    -    5,300,000
       Exercised or lapsed during the year                                    -                -
       Outstanding at end of year                                  5,300,000       5,300,000

   In September 2013, Wellington issued 5,300,000 share warrants to East West Manufacturing LLC. Terms of the
   warrants allow East West to acquire additional share capital in Wellington at 20 cents per share by September 2015.

25. ACCUMULATED LOSSES
                                                                        CONSOLIDATED                  PARENT COMPANY
                                                                      2014           2013            2014          2013
                                                                      $000s          $000s           $000s         $000s

   Opening balance                                                 (102,520)         (99,004)       (105,532)      (99,020)
       Loss for the year                                              (4,474)         (3,768)         (2,431)       (6,764)
       Surrendered & lapsed employee share option scheme
                                                                              -          252                 -         252
       benefits
   Accumulated losses at end of year                              ($106,994)      ($102,520)       ($107,963)    ($105,532)




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2014   61
      26. OTHER RESERVES
                                                                             CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                           2014          2013          2014          2013
                                                                           $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

            Share option compensation reserve                                   170          121           170           121
            Currency translation reserve                                    (2,502)       (2,580)       (2,111)      (2,409)
            Hedging reserve                                                     (4)            31           (4)           31
                                                                          ($2,336)       ($2,428)     ($1,945)      ($2,257)


         (a) Share Option Compensation Reserve
            Share based compensation recognised at start of year                121           258          121           258
            Net compensation expensed                                            49           115           49           115
            Surrendered & lapsed share option scheme transferred
            to accumulated losses                                                  -        (252)              -       (252)
                                                                              $170          $121          $170          $121

         A description of the Wellington Partly Paid Share Scheme and Employees Share option Plan (ESOP) is provided
         in Notes 24(b) and 24(c) above.
         (b) Currency Translation Reserve
            Opening balance                                                 (2,580)       (2,310)       (2,409)      (2,443)
            Movements for the year                                               78         (270)          298            34
                                                                          ($2,502)       ($2,580)     ($2,111)      ($2,409)

         The Currency Translation Reserve comprises of all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of
         financial statements of foreign operations into New Zealand dollars.
         In the Parent, the Currency Translation Reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the
         translation of financial statements in its functional currency (US dollars) to New Zealand dollars for presentation
         purposes.
                                                                             CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                           2014          2013          2014          2013
         (c) Hedging reserve
                                                                           $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

            Opening balance                                                      31            (2)          31            (2)
            Cash flow hedge fair value (losses) / gains for the year           (35)            33          (35)           33
            Tax on fair value (losses)/gains                                       -             -             -               -
                                                                               ($4)          $31           ($4)          $31

         The Hedging Reserve records the portion of the gain or loss on a hedging derivative in a cash flow hedge. The
         amounts are recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income when the associated hedge transactions
         affect profit and loss.


      27. CONTINGENCIES
         The Company has been notified of claims in respect of discontinued ventilation motor products. The claims are
         being discussed with the customers in question. Current legal advice is that the Company is in a strong position
         contractually to reject any claim. It is not possible to quantify the amount of any possible future settlement.
         There are no material contingent liabilities or assets (2013 - $nil).




62 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
28. COMMITMENTS
  (a) Capital commitments
  Capital commitments at 31 December 2014 amounted to $190,000 (2013 - $402,000).

  (b) Lease commitments : Group as lessee
  The Group leases various offices, facilities and equipment. The leases have varying terms, escalation clauses
  and renewal rights. On renewal, the terms of the leases are renegotiated.
                                                                     CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                   2014          2013          2014          2013
  Operating leases
                                                                   $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

     Within one year                                                    275          453           224           299
     Later than one year but not later than five years                  951        1,227           920         1,182
     Later than five years                                               40              -          38                -
                                                                    $1,266        $1,680        $1,182        $1,481


29. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  (a) Directors
  The names of persons who are directors of the Company are on page 14.

  (b) Key management personnel and compensation
  Key management personnel compensation for the years ended 31 December 2013 and 2014 is set out below.
  Key management personnel comprise the Directors including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all the
  senior executives who report directly to the CEO.

                                                                     CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                   2014          2013          2014          2013
                                                                   $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

     Salaries, fees and other short term benefits                     1,522        1,291         1,522         1,291
     Share based remuneration                                            44            92           44               92
     Directors’ remuneration                                            174          164           174           164
     Bonuses                                                            148          416           148           416
     Total                                                          $1,888        $1,963       $1,888         $1,963

  The Individual Employment Contract between the Company and the Chief Executive Officer, Mr Greg Allen
  provides that 1% of the then listed share capital of the Company shall be issued as part paid shares (in
  accordance with the Partly Paid Share Scheme refer note 24(b)) for each of the financial years 2013, 2014 and
  2015, subject to agreed performance hurdles.

  (c) Transactions
  During the year the Parent purchased and sold inventories to and from its subsidiaries and advanced loans to its
  subsidiaries. These transactions and balances are by way of internal current accounts that are set out below.
  In presenting the financial statements of the Group, the effect of these transactions and balances between
  subsidiaries and those with the Parent have been eliminated.
  The main transactions between the Parent and its subsidiaries involve:
  • Sales of product and components by the Parent to its marketing subsidiaries; Wellington Drive Sales Ltd,
    Wellington Drive Technologies US, Inc., Wellington Motor Tecnolojileri San Tic Ltd Sti, Wellington Drive Latin
    America Services SA de CV and Wellington Drive Technologies Group Singapore Pte Ltd;
  • Purchase of product from Wellington Drive Technologies US, Inc.
  • Tax subvention payment from Wellington Drive Sales Ltd to the Parent;
  • Purchases of sales and marketing services from Wellington Tecnolojileri San Tic Ltd and Wellington Drive Latin
    America Services SA de CV;
  • Purchases of supply chain management services from Wellington Manufacturing Group Singapore Pte Ltd.



                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2014   63
      29. Related party transactions (continued)
          The following transactions occurred with related parties during the year:

                                                                              CONSOLIDATED                   PARENT COMPANY
                                                                            2014          2013               2014           2013
                                                                            $000s         $000s              $000s          $000s

              Revenue – subsidiaries                                                  -           -          16,458          23,077
              Purchases – subsidiaries                                                -           -          (1,649)           (297)
              Other income – subsidiaries                                             -           -            3,203              679
              Other expenses – subsidiaries                                           -           -            (636)         (1,419)
              Operating cash inflows – subsidiaries                                                          17,083          26,558
              Operating cash outflows – subsidiaries                                  -           -          (1,255)         (1,123)

          During the year the Company increased its investment in shares in a Singapore subsidiary by capitalising
          SGD4.9 million owed by the subsidiary to the Company. The advance had been impaired in prior years so the
          impairment provision was released in 2014 and re-established against the investment in shares.

          (d) Outstanding balances
          The following balances are outstanding at the reporting date in relation to transactions with related parties:
                                                                              CONSOLIDATED                   PARENT COMPANY
                                                                            2014          2013               2014           2013
                                                                            $000s         $000s              $000s          $000s

          Trade receivables from subsidiaries                                         -           -             574               827
          Loans to subsidiaries                                                       -           -          11,437          14,289
          Provisions made in respect of loans to subsidiaries                         -           -          (6,080)         (9,677)
          Payables to subsidiaries                                                    -           -                  -         (182)
          Entitlements payable to directors and key management
                                                                               (283)         (593)             (283)           (593)
              personnel

          (e) Terms and conditions
          All transactions were made on normal commercial terms and conditions and at market rates, except that there
          are no fixed terms for the repayment of loans between the parties.
          Outstanding balances are unsecured and are repayable on demand in cash.


      30. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (i) Basic
          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
          weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.
                                                                                                      2014                 2013

          Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company                                   (4,474,000)               (3,768,000)
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                             140,703               107,850
          Basic earnings per share                                                             (3.18 cents)              (3.49 cents)

      (ii) Diluted
          Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
          to assume conversion of all share options. A calculation is made in order to determine the number of shares that
          could have been acquired at fair value (determined as the average annual market share price of the Company’s
          shares) based on the monetary value of the subscription rights attached to outstanding share options.
          The number of shares calculated as above is compared with the number of shares that would have been issued
          assuming the exercise of share options.



64 ANNUAL REPORT 2014
30. Earnings per share (continued)

                                                                                                2014                  2013

   Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company                                    (4,474,000)                (3,768,000)
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              140,703                107,850
   Adjustment for partly paid shares or share options                                                     -                     -
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings per share
      (thousands)                                                                               140,703                107,850
   Diluted earnings per share                                                            (3.18 cents)               (3.49 cents)

   The weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue for the purpose of the basic and diluted earnings
   per share calculation includes 25,211,740 preference shares (2013: Nil), being the minimum number of ordinary
   shares that will be issued upon conversion (note 21).
   As at 31 December, the following instruments existed that are, or were, potentially dilutive of future earnings
   per share, but were not included in the calculation of dilutive shares for that year because the effect in that year
   would have been antidilutive:
                                                                                                 Number of shares
                                                                                                2014                  2013

   Part paid shares                                                                         6,941,452                3,790,649
   US employee share options                                                                    673,510                288,647
   Share warrants issued to East West Manufacturing LLC                                     5,300,000                5,300,000


31. RECONCILIATION OF LOSS AFTER TAX TO NET CASH OUTFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                        CONSOLIDATED                   PARENT COMPANY
                                                                      2014          2013               2014            2013
                                                                      $000s         $000s              $000s           $000s

   Loss after taxation for the period                                 (4,474)        (3,768)            (2,431)         (6,764)
   Adjustments for:
   Depreciation and amortisation                                          447           518                429               501
   Impairment of plant, equipment & intangibles                             55          318                   55             318
   Loss / (gain) on disposal of plant & equipment                             2          (3)                  (4)              4
   Share based payments                                                     49          115                   49             115
   Amortisation of borrowing                                              376               -              376                  -
   Change in fair value of embedded option                              (555)               -            (555)                  -
   Inventory provision movement (note 15)                               (109)           (72)               (58)              395
   Doubtful debts provision movement (note 14)                            (20)         (168)                  (5)            (36)
   Impairment of subsidiary company advances                                  -             -           (4,059)           (876)
   Impairment of investments in subsidiaries                                  -             -            4,928                19
   Provision for warranty movement (note 20)                              (27)         (243)               (27)           (243)
   Provision for restructuring movement (note 20)                       (195)          (284)             (195)            (199)
   Net foreign exchange differences                                     (288)          (345)               101               (39)
   Decrease / (increase) in advances to subsidiaries                          -             -           (1,606)           4,768
   Decrease / (increase) in trade and other receivables                 2,602           795                600            (534)
   (Increase) / decrease in inventories                                 (590)           623                278               265
   Increase / (decrease) in trade and other payables                  (1,699)             78            (2,160)              496
   Net cash outflow from operating activities                        ($4,426)       ($2,436)           ($4,284)        ($1,810)




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2014   65
     Directory

       Directors                                               Addresses
       Tony Nowell, Chairman                                   21 Arrenway Drive
       Shawn Beck                                              Rosedale, Auckland 0632, New Zealand
       Dr Lisbeth Jacobs                                       PO Box 302-533, North Harbour
       John McMahon                                            Auckland 0751, New Zealand
       Mr Gottfried Pausch
                                                               Registered Office
       Senior Staff                                            21 Arrenway Drive
       Greg Allen, Chief Executive Officer                     Rosedale, Auckland 0632, New Zealand
       Steven Hodgson, Senior Vice President Commercial
       David Howell, Chief Technical Officer                   Auditor
       Howard Milliner, Chief Financial Officer                PricewaterhouseCoopers
       Ali Karahasanoğlu, Sales Director, Europe / Eurasia     188 Quay Street, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
       Erick Layseca-Flores, Business Development
           Manager, Americas                                   Banker
       Clayton Thomas, Sales & Marketing Director, Asia /
                                                               Bank of New Zealand
           Pacific
       Gerardo Gonzalez, VP Intelligent Systems
                                                               Share Registry
           Business Unit
       Ron Jackson, Secretary                                  Computershare Investor Services Ltd,
                                                               Private Bag 92119, Auckland 1142
       Phone/Fax                                               New Zealand

       Ph: 64-9-477 0415
       Fax: 64-9-479 5540

       Internet
       Website: www.wdtl.com
       Email: info@wdtl.com




                                             Annual Report 2014


                                                www.wdtl.com
                                                     WT8586
                                                                                                             www.sussexdesign.co.nz




66
