 Gross profit performance




Gross profit increased by $1.7m to $8.6m as a result of the changing sales mix towards
higher value and higher margin ECR2 and IoT products. The global component shortages that
impacted input costs and gross profit in 2017 and 2018 have largely abated this year, which
has also assisted this improvement.


IoT solutions contributed 54% of gross profit with ECR2 motors at 28% and legacy motors at
18%. IoT solutions are supporting a general expansion in gross profit dollars for the business,
alongside further growth of ECR2 sales. The addition of further new IoT solutions should help
continue this trend.
    Gross margin by product group




                                                                                      57%




                                                                                      26%



                                                                                      17%


        2014         2015        2016         2017         2018        2019
                                                                       Fcast

           Legacy Motors                    New Motors                   IoT




Gross margin at 25.8% was marginally above the 24.7% recorded in first half 2018. There
has been price pressure in the legacy EC motor business and the company has selectively
responded with both cost reductions and price incentives to remain competitive.


Revenue growing faster than operating costs
Operating costs for the period amounted to $6.1m, or 18.4% of revenue, compared to $5.8m
and 20.6% of revenue for the comparable period last year. Revenue per employee was
relatively flat, at $391,000 versus $389,000 for the same period last year. Six new staff were
added in the first half, bringing the total staff numbers to 85, compared to 72 at 30 June
2018. Operating spending increased as the company invested in new skills and engineering
infrastructure to support the broadening product range and diversifying customer base. This
has required additional personnel in areas such as customer management, marketing and
software development, a trend that is expected to continue through the balance of 2019 and
into 2020.


Profit improvement
EBITDA 1 for the first half improved to $2.4m compared to $1.2m for the same period in 2018.
This is in line with the result achieved for the full 2018 year and with previous EBITDA 1
guidance. EBIT improved to $1.3m compared to $0.3m in 2018.
The company recorded a net profit for the period of $0.7m, a $0.9m improvement
on the loss for the same period last year.


Working capital
Operating cash flows for the six months amounted to $1.1m. Investing cash flows amounted
to $1.6m, meaning a net cash outflow before financing activities of $0.5m (2018 cash inflow
of $0.6m). During the period the company borrowed $1.4m under its BNZ trade finance facility
and repaid its debt to Smartshares Limited. Management and senior executives invested
$0.4m to settle their exercisable partly paid shares and US employee share options. Cash at
30 June 2019 was $1.8m compared to $0.9m at 31 December 2018.


Inventory management continued to be an area of focus with 6 inventory turns achieved,
consistent with the same period last year. Wellington’s customers continue to press for
extended payment terms beyond 90 days to match extended terms from their beverage brand
customers. This extended payment cycle is expected to continue for the foreseeable future.


The US$0.6m loan from Meta Capital Limited has been extended to March 2020. Wellington
has a $2.5m loan from Onimeg Investments Limited due for repayment in September 2019,
which it expects to pay from operating cashflows.


Supply chain
Wellington made several important sourcing decisions in the first half to ensure its global
hardware supply chain remained competitive. After several years of strong support from its
Malaysian electronics supplier, Wellington commenced the transition of all motor electronics
from this supplier to its manufacturing partner East West. This move is to ensure increased
productivity through supply consolidation. As a result of China / USA trade tariffs, Wellington
also moved some of its motor supply from its Chinese supplier to East West’s Vietnam factory.


Product development
Wellington’s product roadmap includes broadening its IoT hardware to include cellular based
technologies for applications that require constant connectivity and Bluetooth beacons for
marketing applications. Several new user applications, including mobile apps and software
development projects are underway to support customers as they launch their new consumer
interactive coolers and to enter new markets such as ice cream freezers and food services.
The development team is also expanding the ECR2 motor range for display case and food
service refrigeration applications. In the first half of 2019 new product developments were
advanced, with launch dates expected through 2020 and revenue contribution in 2021.
iProximity digital marketing services
The Wellington digital marketing team continued to develop several new business
opportunities, including a pilot project for a large beer brand and demonstrations with
beverage bottlers. Adoption of proximity marketing services is in the early stages with most
customers. The company is focused on developing new market verticals, such as ‘food and
beverage refrigeration point of sale’ and ‘stadiums and event centres’. A new digital marketing
customer manager has recently been added to the team in Mexico to support sales and
pilot projects.


Governance
The first half saw the retirement of Tony Nowell, Chairman of Wellington Drive Technologies
for 10 years. It also saw the appointment of two new directors; John Scott formerly COO
at Navico, now CEO of Invenco Group, and Keith Oliver, Executive Chair at Blackhawk
and a director at Rakon. Both John and Keith bring an extensive background in managing
technology companies and growing technology businesses.


2019 Strategic priorities update
The company’s Vision 2023 is to grow revenues to around $100m. It expects to achieve
this by developing new IoT and EC motor products, developing new customers in existing
food and beverage markets and accessing adjacent markets. It will seek to exploit the
technology acquired through iProximity to develop digital marketing services for food and
beverage customers.


The priorities for 2019 are:
1.Successful execution of several new customer IoT adoption programs, including an
  expansion of the successful OEM program launched with SKOPE Industries;
2.Expansion of engineering resources to ensure the development of new IoT hardware and
  software as well as EC motor products necessary to fuel top line growth;
3.Add expertise that enables the company to deploy and support digital marketing within the
  food and beverage market and enter new adjacent markets;
4.Develop new markets and customers for the Wellington iProximity Smart Cities platform;
  and
5.Plan and commence implementation of a new company-wide ERP system.


Customer adoption of IoT continues to progress, as can be seen by Connect SCS and data
revenue growth. Business development activities are uncovering several new opportunities
for Wellington to expand its OEM IoT programme, which is already underway with SKOPE
Industries in New Zealand.
New skills are being added to the team to ensure hardware and software solutions are
keeping pace with customer demand. Specialist skills added in the first half include a PhD
level data scientist to support optimising the data services business, mobile developers in
both Android and iOS to support customer application development, advanced electronics
engineers to work on new EC motors and IoT wireless devices, and a digital marketing
professional with a background in advertising and promotion to successfully engage with
brand marketing teams.


2019 outlook
Wellington’s business mix is changing; sales efforts are targeted almost entirely towards both
the new generation ECR motor platform and higher margin IoT products, where revenues are
expected to continue growing. Our sales of legacy EC motors to bottle cooler customers has
declined more rapidly than expected, negatively impacting overall company revenues in the
short-to-medium term. We expect this to continue into 2020 with the legacy motor business
constituting a relatively minor percentage of total revenue.


The company will continue its strategy to focus its investments on expanding and improving its
IoT offering to the carbonated soft drinks segment as well as extending the product platform to
adjacent market segments including beer, ice-cream and food service refrigeration. As part of
this strategy, the Wellington team are developing a new IoT business opportunity, that would
provide IoT hardware and data services to one of the largest manufacturers of commercial
coolers in the Americas. Wellington has been verbally advised it has been awarded the
business, although some risk remains as a formal commercial agreement has not yet been
reached. This opportunity will require a new Connect SCS product and customer specific
applications to be developed, with development and support costs in the range of $1.0 to
$1.5m. At scale, this project could potentially deliver growth of around 100,000 Connect SCS
devices per year with data services and open the opportunity for retrofit devices. If successful,
programme revenues from this project would likely start during 2020.


Due to the wide range of opportunities under development, Wellington is accelerating its
investment and assessing both resource and funding requirements. Future investment is
likely to require resources to accelerate sales growth, development capability to expand the
IoT hardware and software roadmap, as well as funding to support several new customer
opportunities. This growth investment need, coupled with upcoming debt maturities means
the company will explore all funding options available to ensure it maintains the capability to
continue delivering strong growth and improving financial performance.


The changing sales mix is likely to accelerate during H2, with legacy motor volumes declining
more rapidly, and seasonal revenue volatility expected to continue, resulting in the company’s
total revenue in 2019 expected to be at similar levels to 2018. This decline in legacy motor
volumes along with a higher level of operating cost to support new business and development
activity, means the company anticipates EBITDA will be around $3.0m, with net profit and
operating cashflow somewhat higher in 2019 in comparison to 2018.
Directory

Directors

John McMahon, Acting Chairman
Dr Lisbeth Jacobs
Gottfried Pausch
John Scott
Keith Oliver


Senior Staff

Greg Allen, Chief Executive Officer
Steven Hodgson, Senior Vice President Commercial
David Howell, Chief Technical Officer
Howard Milliner, Chief Financial Officer
Marc Tinsel, Vice President, Supply Chain and Operations
Peter Barnes, Global Quality Leader
David Burden, VP IoT Products and Marketing Services
Ali Karahasanoğlu, Sales Director, Europe/Eurasia
Erick Layseca, Business Development Director, Americas
Gerardo Gonzalez, Strategic Business Development IoT Solutions
Clayton Thomas, Sales and Marketing Director, Asia Pacific
Ron Jackson, Secretary

Phone/Fax                                       Internet

Ph: 64-9-477 4500                               Website: www.wdtl.com
Fax: 64-9-479 5540                              Email: info@wdtl.com

Auditor                                         Banker

PricewaterhouseCoopers                          Bank of New Zealand
188 Quay Street, Auckland 1142,
New Zealand

Share Registry                                  Address and Registered Office

Computershare Investor Services Ltd,            21 Arrenway Drive
Private Bag 92119, Auckland 1142,               Rosedale, Auckland 0632,
New Zealand                                     New Zealand
                                                PO Box 302-533, North Harbour,
                                                Auckland 0751, New Zealand
Interim Report 2019

  www.wdtl.com
      WT9210




                      381
