Annual Report 2013
     Contents

                       Overview
               1       Our Business

                       2013 Year in Review
               5       2013 Business Highlights
               6       Report of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

             12        Wellington’s Growth Stategy
                       Our Company
             16        Directors
             17        Senior Management
             19        Statutory Information
             22        Shareholder Information
             24        Corporate Governance
             27        Independent Auditors’ Report
             29        Statements of Comprehensive Income
             30        Statements of Movements in Equity
             32        Statements of Financial Position
             33        Cash Flow Statements
             34        Notes to the Financial Statements
             66        Directory




     ® is a registered Trade Mark of Wellington Drive Technologies Ltd


     There are statements in this document that are “forward-looking statements”. As these forward-looking statements are predictive in nature, they are
     subject to a number of risks and uncertainties relating to Wellington, its operations, the markets in which it competes and other factors (some of
     which are beyond the control of Wellington). As a result of the foregoing, actual results and conditions may differ materially from those expressed or
     implied by such statements. In particular, Wellington's operations and results are significantly influenced by the extent to which energy efficient motor
     technology is promoted in Wellington's key markets, competitor product development and demand and pricing, fluctuations in key commodity prices
     or costs in the countries of Wellington's suppliers, availability of key components, relative exchange rates and profitability of customers, all of which can
     have a substantial impact on Wellington's results of operations and financial condition. Other risks include customer concentration risk and misuse of
     Wellington's intellectual property.




2 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
Our Business
Mission
Wellington’s purpose is to deliver solutions to solve
our customers’ refrigeration energy consumption and
system control problems through the development of
Advanced Motor and Intelligent Control Solutions. Our
personal service, reliable products, smart solutions and
relentless pursuit of excellence will ensure we lead the
competition and build a world class company.




Our Products
Our product portfolio provides a range of refrigeration
solutions designed to solve customer problems
defined by our ‘Voice of the Customer’ approach to
innovation. Alongside our advanced Energy Efficient
Motor products we also sell our standard shaded
pole motor range, branded ‘AMV’. Both motor
product lines can take advantage of our advanced fan
blades, which we design in partnership with our North
American aerodynamics technology partner, PAX.
These motor and fan combinations improve energy
consumption for our customers and optimise airflow for
their refrigerators. We are also building an Intelligent
Solutions business by developing a range of Smart
Refrigeration Controller products. These products are
designed to improve our customers’ system costs by
providing integrated control electronics, improving
overall system energy consumption, and delivering
connectivity solutions to improve the user experience.




                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2013   1
     Our Markets
     Refrigeration Display Cases                                                     Refrigerated Display Case Market:
     The refrigerated display case market was US$8.8Bn                                    Expected CAGR 2012-18
     in 2012 and is expected to grow at a 9.6% compound
     annual growth rate (“CAGR”) to US$16.3Bn by 2019.
     The highest growth sector is expected to be plug-in
     systems, such as bottle coolers and ice-cream coolers,
                                                                                                                          15.4%
     and the highest growth region is expected to be the                                     9.6%
     Asia Pacific market.
     [Source: Transparency Market Research (2014); “Refrigerated Display
     Cases (Plug-in and Remote) Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size,
     Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2013 – 2019”]                                     Cases                    EC Motors

                                                                                        Demand for efficiency will drive
                                                                               increasing EC motor and Smart Controller usage
                                                                                         Source: Transparency Market Research (2014),
                                                                                                  Markets and Markets (2013)


     Energy Efficient Motors
     The global market for energy efficient low horsepower motors (defined as those motors under a 3 horsepower rating)
     was US$23.1bn in 2012 and is expected to grow by a 12% CAGR to $44.32bn in 2018. Refrigeration is projected
     to be the fastest growing segment within this overall motor market, with a projected CAGR of 15.1% (of all FHP
     refrigeration motors), from US$2.2bn in 2012 to $4.2Bn in 2018. The market for synchronous fractional horsepower
     refrigeration motors, the specific niche within which our company is focussed today, is expected to grow at a CAGR
     of 11.7% from US$0.75Bn in 2012 to 1.45Bn in 2018. The market for fractional horsepower motors for domestic fan
     applications (excluding personal computer fans) is expected to grow from US$2.8Bn in 2012 to US$4.5Bn in 2018 (a
     CAGR of 8.7%)
     [Source: Markets and Markets (2013); “Global Energy Efficient Low Horsepower AC Motors Market (2013 – 2018]


                                                       High Efficiency Motors <3hp :
                                                         Global Sales (US$billion)

          50



          40



          30



          20



          10



         0%
                      2012              2013               2014             2015               2016                2017            2018

                Demand for efficient motors will continue to grow                                            Source: Markets and Markets (2013)




2 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
Smart Refrigeration Controllers
Our Intellgent Solutions Roadmap, which includes Smart Controller products, is initially targeted at the global
bottle cooler market, with some of the world’s largest food and beverage brands being the target market for this
solution. Bottle cooler deployment is growing globally, one example being the purchase of 1.3 million units of cold
drink equipment by one of the largest global beverage brands in 2012. This same brand has currently deployed
approximately 5.5 million Energy Management Controllers within their beverage coolers.
[Source: http://www.coca-colacompany.com/annual-review/2012/year_in_review.htmll, and Coca Cola Sustainability Report 2012/3)]




                                                     Current market segments
                                                     Size relative to 2012 base

  300%



  250%



  200%



  150%



  100%
                                                      High efficiency small motors: Supermarket cabinets. 18.0% CAGR
                                                      High efficiency small motors: Bottle coolers. 13.8% CAGR
    50%
                                                      All high efficiency small motors: 11.9% CAGR


      0%
                  2012               2013              2014               2015              2016               2017              2018


            Wellington's core market segments are expected to
            grow faster than the overall market
            Source: Markets and Markets, 2013




Competition
Our competitors are large multi-billion dollar international industrial companies, developing motors and many other
types of industrial parts and equipment for refrigeration and ventilation applications. We ‘punch above our weight’,
competing head to head with these larger competitors in our chosen market niche and we believe we have a winning
strategy. Our competitive strategy is built around a continuous improvement culture, and our ability to respond
quickly to changing customer demands. We believe that ‘fast’ beats ‘big’. Our reliable and innovative products and
personal service deliver a competitive advantage which has earned us a reputation for quality from the markets in
which we compete.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2013   3
           Delivery Network
           Our global network of skilled people supports our customers in the development of their supply chain and technology
           roadmaps. Our customer-focused teams are located in New Zealand, Mexico, Brazil, China, Turkey, Italy and the
           USA, with our supply chain partner factories in Vietnam, China and Indonesia. This global reach ensures that our
           customers receive personal attention and that our product range is manufactured and delivered with maximum
           efficiency and accuracy.




Customers:
Leading Food and Beverage Brands
Supermarket Retailers
Refrigeration Original Equipment Manufacturers
Regional Refrigeration Parts Distributors




                                                                                                                Strategic Suppliers:
                                                                                                                Changzhou, China

                                                             EMEA Business Office:
                                                             Istanbul, Turkey                                         Asia Pacific Business Office
                                       Strategic Partner                                                              Shanghai, China
                                       East West
                                       Manufacturing
Americas Business Office
                                       Atlanta, USA
and Depots:
Queretaro, Mexico
                                                                                     Strategic Suppliers:
                                                                                     HCMC, Vietnam and Batam,                          Head Office,
                                                                                     Indonesia                                         Customer
                                                                                                                                       Innovation
                                                                                                                                       Centre and
                                                                                                                                       Supply Chain
                                                                                                                                       Management
                                                                                                                                       Auckland,
                                                                                                                                       New Zealand




                                                       Wellington Drive Technologies
      Product flows
                                                       Global Customer Solutions Network




   4 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
2013 Business Highlights



              18.7%                                         Stable Refrigeration
                                                            Revenue of $21
              Gross Profit, up
                                                            million
              from 14% in 2012




              $2.4 million                                   10 New
              Operating Expense                              Customers added
              Reduction                                      to Portfolio




Gross Profit of 18.7%, increasing from
5% in 2011 and 14% in 2012


Refrigeration Revenue grew
by 0.4% to US$20.7 million


Operating Expenses (including depreciation, amortisation and
impairment of non current assets) reduced by $2.4 million to $9.4 million




Customer acquisition success
with 10 new customers added




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2013   5
     Report of the Chairman and Chief
     Executive Officer
     2013 in Review
     In 2013 our team delivered on the primary turnaround objectives of
     locating a strategic partner to help reduce supply chain costs, improving
     operating costs, winning new customers for our motor products and
     continuing to expand margins.

     Our team’s new product development efforts gathered pace, with two new
     product announcements focused on the supermarket industry: a fan-pack
     solution; and a low power derivative of its ECR01 product. Our new ‘Agile’
     approach to hardware development delivered alpha prototypes of our
     Smart Controller in the fourth quarter, and progressed our new advanced
     Energy Efficient Motor Solutions.

     Being the second year of our company’s turnaround plan, customer relationships and new customer wins remained
     a priority, with our team successfully winning several new projects in bottle cooler and supermarket segments in
     Europe, the Middle East and Latin America.

     Gross Profit Performance
     Gross profit continued to improve in line with expectations, reaching 18.7% compared to 14% in 2012. The team were
     particularly pleased with this result, given that it was delivered against a backdrop of lower than expected refrigeration
     revenues in the third and fourth quarters, and given that it did not include any of the cost reductions planned from the
     East West partnership (which are expected to materialise in Q4 2014). The gross profit improvement demonstrates
     how supply chain operating cost reduction and execution efficiency has become a core skill.

                                                                     Gross Profit %

                      20.00%

                      16.00%

                      12.00%

                       8.00%

                       4.00%

                       0.00%
                                      2008 (Act)       2009 (Act)        2010 (Act)       2011 (Act)        2012 (Act)       2013 (Act)

                                                                                                                note 1.
     Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment (EBITDA)     show a loss of NZ$2.9m, a
     significant improvement over the NZ$4.1m loss delivered in 2012 and the 2011 loss of NZ$12m.

     Wellington’s loss of NZ$3.8m for the year is a NZ$2.5m improvement when compared to the 2012 result of NZ$6.3m.
     The company continued making steady progress on its operating cost improvements, with operating expenditure of
     NZ$9.4m down NZ$2.3m on the NZ$11.7m recorded in 2012. This result reflects a continued focus on effectively
     managing sales, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, reducing impairment charges, and the benefits of our
     continuous improvement programme focused on simplifying business processes.
     Note 1: EBITDA (i.e. Earnings before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation and Amortisation) is a non-GAAP earnings figure that equity analysts tend to
     focus on for comparable company performance analysis. The Company considers that it is a useful financial indicator because it avoids the distortions
     caused by the differences in amortisation and impairment policies. EBITDA is calculated as the loss before interest and taxation of $3.748 million (2012
     - $6.28 million loss), less depreciation and amortisation of $0.518 million (2012 - $0.925 million) and less impairment of non current assets of $0.318
     million (2012 - $1.224 million). These numbers have been extracted from our 31 December 2013 Financial Statements.




6 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
Inventory Performance
In 2013 our team consolidated the inventory improvements carried out in the previous year. Two years of robust
inventory management performance now demonstrates a sustainable inventory result. Inventory carrying value at
31 December 2013 was $NZ4.0m, a $NZ0.5m reduction on the NZ$4.5m delivered in 2012 and $NZ6.9m less than
the $NZ10.9m in 2011. This equates to inventory turns of 6 times a year, which is on track to our strategic goal of 7
turns. The company has put its inventory problems well behind it and is now better positioned to be able to increase
investment in strategic inventories to satisfy customer in-market lead-time needs in support of business growth. The
company envisages an increase in inventory levels in 2014 as it supports planned customer growth initiatives.

                                                   Inventory - NZD
             16000
             14000
             12000
             10000
              8000
              6000
              4000
              2000
                 0
                       2008 (Act)     2009 (Act)     2010 (Act)     2011 (Act)    2012 (Act)    2013 (Act)



Revenue Performance
Total combined Refrigeration and Ventilation revenues in 2013 were $US22.5m, with $US1.8m from the sale of
Ventilation motors and $US20.7m from the sale of Refrigeration motors and fans. The combined result was a
$US6.1m decrease on the $US28.6m recorded in 2012, all attributable to the planned exit from the Ventilation
business. Commercial Refrigeration revenues grew by 0.4% over 2012, with motor volumes stable at 1.1m units.
This shows a stable core motor business from which to pursue growth opportunities.

                                                     Revenue - USD

              35000                                                                            Ventilation
              30000                                                                            Refrigeration

              25000                                                    8453          8002
                                                                                                    1833
              20000
                                                        6450
              15000
                                         4627
              10000                                                    19430         20577          20658
                           5631                         13629
               5000                      9310
                           5119
                   0
                         2008 (Act)     2009 (Act)     2010 (Act)    2011 (Act)    2012 (Act)     2013 (Act)


Geographically the demand for our company’s commercial Refrigeration motor product was mixed, with normal
seasonal demand strength experienced in both the European and Latin American regions through the second
quarter. This was however offset by lower than expected demand patterns in Latin America during the third and fourth
quarters. During 2012 our largest region was Latin America, delivering 63% of our total commercial refrigeration
revenues. This strength continued in 2013, with Latin America delivering 70% of total sales, while we saw the Europe,
Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region grow also in 2013, offsetting revenue decreases in the USA and Asia Pacific
(APAC).




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2013   7
                                               Geographical Sales % 2013

                                              7%          7%
                            16%

                                                                                      USA & Canada
                                                                                      Latin America
                                                                                      Europe, Middle East, Africa
                                                                                      Asia, Pacific


                                                                 70%



     In US Dollars 2013 commercial refrigeration revenues grew by 0.4% with the following regional attributions:

     • In Europe commercial refrigeration revenue grew by 27% to $US3.4m. This was the result of improved commercial
       agreements with selected customers and new customer development activities starting to deliver.
     • The Americas region increased by 4%, delivering $US15.9m, compared to $US15.2m in 2012. The Latin American
       region showed slight growth, as a result of a strong performance from Columbian customers, which helped to
       offset lower than normal Mexico demand patterns. The company expects continued weakness from the Mexico
       market in the first half of 2014.
     • The APAC region experienced a slump in demand with a 47% reduction over 2012 levels. This was primarily a
       result of the company’s Global OEM partner factories and Asia based Refrigeration customers showing significant
       demand declines. With the recent addition of a China-based sales executive, and with the business re-focusing on
       Asia as a business development region, the company intends to ramp up its APAC customer development efforts
       during 2014.



                                               Geographical Sales % 2012

                                         13%               11%

                        13%
                                                                                      USA & Canada
                                                                                      Latin America
                                                                                      Europe, Middle East, Africa
                                                                                      Asia, Pacific


                                                                 63%




8 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
Turnaround Plan
As noted in our 2012 Annual Report, our company focused its year on five main strategic priorities, intended to
progress the turnaround of the business and continue to deliver improved financial performance.

1. Market Expansion through Deeper Value Added Relationships with Customers
We successfully won and started to develop new customer accounts, adding 10 new customers to the company’s
portfolio in all of our major regions. These customers are a mix of bottle cooler and supermarket display case
manufacturers, and while some new revenue was achieved in 2013, more is expected to flow in 2014. Our team
launched a low power version of our ECR01 motor, specifically modified for Supermarket applications, and launched
a fan pack airflow accessory, intended to also benefit Supermarket display case customers. Our Intelligent Solutions
strategy gathered pace, building on the 2012 success of the demonstrator units, by providing the first alpha
prototypes of the Smart Controller to selected customers. These prototypes will provide feedback into the design
process with the completed product expected to start shipping in the fourth quarter of 2014. Expanding our product
offering with advanced Energy Efficient Motors and Smart Controllers is an important part of our growth plan, with
which we made a great start in 2013.

2. Shorten Customer Lead-times
Despite considerable progress in supply chain cost improvement and the continued improvement of our supplier
management process, we did not achieve the lead-time goal that we expected in 2013. Our order to customer receipt
lead-times essentially stayed consistent with 2012, primarily as a result of delays in re-engineering our cable supply
lines, delays in moving sub-assembly operations closer to the motor manufacturer, and due to our supplier transition
activities in both electronics and motor manufacturers. We still expect to complete these projects, and achieve further
lead-time reduction, once our new suppliers are up and running in 2014.

3. Cost Reduction
Although our strategic partner project was designed to deliver supply cost improvement, the team did not stop
working on cost reduction with the existing supply base. Cost reduction has been at the centre of our turnaround
success and will continue to be core to our growth strategy. In 2013 we achieved 5% price reductions from our
existing suppliers, as a result of collaborative component cost reduction and process improvement projects. In
addition we completed a renegotiation of commercial terms with our main motor manufacturer and realised a further
5% price reduction. Those reductions flowed into our financial results starting in the third quarter. We decided to
move the balance of our electronics supply (that part not going to East West) out of our China based electronics
supplier to an Indonesia based supplier, headquartered in Singapore. This is again a decision centred on improving
cost, supplier capability and commercial terms.

4. Strategic Partner Program
In August 2013 we announced our supply chain collaboration and strategic investment partnership with East West,
an Atlanta based contract manufacturer of induction motors and Industrial products. As a result of this partnership
Wellington will manufacture a percentage of its refrigeration motors in East West’s Vietnam factory, supporting
continued reduction in manufacturing costs and improvement in our manufacturing process. Following on from
the initial focus on supply chain improvement, Wellington and East West intend to collaborate on growth projects,
including channel development for our products in the USA and the investigation of Ventilation motor development
opportunities.

5. Strengthen Company Resources
Our turnaround initiatives, new product development programmes and customer development activities were
considerably strengthened in 2013 as a result of improvements in our organisational capability and our balance sheet.
Summaries of the improvements made are:

• The raising of NZ$4.5m of new capital, with a NZ$4.0m private placement to existing and new investors, and a
  NZ$0.5m Shareholder Placement Plan (SPP) to existing investors.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2013   9
      • The raising of $1.6m of new capital as a result of a strategic investment by our new growth partner, East West.
        The agreement with East West also includes an option for East West to purchase a further 5.3 million shares by
        September 2015, at a price of 20 cents.
      • The restructuring of the Singapore supply chain operations, including the elimination of the COO role and several
        other related management positions.
      • The announcement of Howard Milliner as our new Chief Financial Officer, and the former CFO Steve Hodgson
        moving to the role of Senior Vice-President Commercial.
      • The addition of Gerardo Gonzalez as Vice President Intelligent Solutions Business Unit, based in Atlanta, USA.
        Gerardo is also responsible for managing our key consumer brand relationships.
      • The addition of Clayton Thomas based in Shanghai, China, as Sales and Marketing Director Asia Pacific. Clayton
        is responsible for building our Asia business unit and growing our APAC sales base.



      2014 Outlook
      2013 showed continuing improvement in the business fundamentals
      and operating performance of our company, demonstrated primarily by
      improved gross profit and execution performance. These improvements,
      coupled with a completed supply chain transition, will set the company up
      for its transition to growth in 2014 and will ultimately position Wellington as
      a profitable business.

      This was the year that Wellington delivered on its promise of finding a
      strategic partner that would help to deliver both cost reduction and long-
      term growth, and despite a market driven revenue issue in the latter part
      of the year, our company continued to add new customers. With growing
      confidence in a successful East West supply chain transfer, our company
      can confidently say that the turn-around plan is now complete.

      For 2014 our company expects revenue of between NZ$30m and NZ$35m. It should be noted that the initial range
      of revenue guidance is due to the possible continuation of the lower than normal Latin America sales experienced
      over the last six months of 2013. The company believes that this is partly a result of the new one peso per litre tax on
      carbonated soft drinks effective from 1 January 2014, for which the eventual market outcome remains unclear.

                                                                    Gross profit is expected to be between 20% and 23% of
                                                                    revenue and we anticipate a run rate above 23% as we
                                                                    exit the financial year. Gross profit performance will be
                                                                    at its lowest in the first quarter of 2014, at between 15%
                                                                    and 18%. This lower first quarter gross profit guidance
                                                                    is driven by planned customer price incentives and
                                                                    an unfavourable product mix, with margins expected
                                                                    to improve through the year as manufacturing cost
                                                                    reductions are realised.

                                                                   Our company expects to improve year-on-year EBITDA
                                                                   (see note page 6) performance by approximately
                                                                   NZ$1m, with an anticipated EBITDA loss of less than
                                                                   NZ$2m for 2014. This improved, but not yet profitable,
      forecast is in part a result of our Company’s decision to forgo shorter-term profit in the pursuit of more robust
      growth. Consequently, the business will increase its focus on growth priorities and make the associated capital and
      resource allocations necessary to deliver on those priorities. Coupled with the supply chain cost reductions that we
      are expecting by the fourth quarter, this growth-focused approach to the business is contributing to our improving
      outlook.

      Our company’s 2014 net profit after tax (NPAT) loss is expected to be less than $2.7m.




10 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
Risks & Assumptions
Key assumptions underpinning the above outlook are our prediction for a continuing weakness in the key Latin
America market discussed above, sufficient sales growth from our existing and new customers (which will help to
facilitate the volume-dependent supply chain changes discussed above) and the completion of those supply chain
changes – in particular the transition of part of our motor manufacturing to East West in Vietnam by Q4. Our outlook
assumes an exchange rate of US$0.80 = NZ$1.00 and a one cent movement in the exchange rate can impact our
NPAT by up to NZD100,000 on annualised basis prior to hedging.

Capital Plan
On March 7th, 2014 the board announced that the Company would raise $5 million by way of a pro rata rights issue to
all shareholders. This rights issue will be comprised of non-voting Mandatory Convertible Preference Shares (MCPS).
SuperLife Limited (a major shareholder in the Company) and other institutional shareholders have committed to take
up their entitlements, and SuperLife has agreed to underwrite the balance of the issue.

The capital raised through the rights issue will in part support the financing of 2014 losses; however the majority of
the funds will be used to support the company’s growth strategy by enabling the business to deliver on its regional
channel expansion plans, customer growth projects and new product development roadmap.

Details of the offer were highlighted in a New Zealand Stock Exchange announcement made on March 7th,
with issuance of the Company’s prospectus for the rights issue expected in early April. The Company will seek
shareholder approval at the 2014 Annual General Meeting for SuperLife to be issued the MCPS pursuant to its
underwriting commitment as this may increase its shareholding above the 20% threshold under the Takeovers Code
on mandatory conversion.

Governance
Wellington has essentially completed all the enabling actions necessary to improve the company’s cost structure,
operating processes and innovation system and is embarking on a new strategy for market diversification and growth.
Our Board has been pleased by feedback from investors, customers and suppliers that it is on the right track and is
positioning itself well to take advantage of developing market opportunities.

Our Board is committed to ensuring the right skills are in place in both governance and management to ensure
successful strategy development and most importantly successful strategy execution. 2013 saw the appointment
of two new directors to the board, Dr Lisbeth Jacobs and Mr Gottfried Pausch, both of whom have the required
international experience, and specialist technical and operational knowledge that can support Wellington on its growth
path. Dr Jacobs and Mr Pausch replaced two retiring directors, Dr Rick Boven and Dr Ray Thomson, whose many
years of service to the company is gratefully appreciated.

The particular governance and management needs of the company will continue to be reviewed throughout 2014, as
the growth plan develops and new experience and knowledge requirements evolve.




                                        			

.....................................                            .....................................

Tony Nowell                                                      Greg Allen
Chairman                                                         Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2013   11
      Wellington’s Growth Strategy
      Wellington’s Growth Vision
      With a central priority of solving customers’ environmental, cost and sales maximisation problems, the company
      seeks to grow its revenues by at least 10% a year. It will achieve this growth by expanding its geographical reach,
      developing new customer relationships, entering adjacent markets for its products, and opening new sales channels
      to become the fastest growing global provider of commercial refrigeration solutions and services globally.



      Long Range Plan
      In the company’s 2012 Annual Report the company presented its updated strategy and goals for continued financial
      improvement and long-term growth. Management and board review strategy twice yearly as part of the strategic
      reflection and operating review process. The company’s strategy is constantly being challenged and refined as
      market structures and customers’ needs change, with the current growth strategy summarised as:

      1. Continued improvement in the core Electronic Motor and Airflow Solutions business through customer led
         product development, executing core ‘bottle cooler’ market growth plans, diversifying Motor Revenue streams in
         to new market streams, deploying lean business process improvements and delivering continual cost reduction
         programmes.
      2. Innovating for our customers by developing Intelligent Electronic Control Solutions that solve their refrigeration
         systems maintenance problems, provide connectivity solutions that support their market needs and reduce the
         total cost of ownership for the refrigeration systems.




12 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
While the company’s major profitable growth initiative
of supply chain cost improvement is ongoing, the
confidence in the end result is such that the company
is now turning its energies more towards other growth
initiatives. New growth initiatives have been developed
along five main market development streams to both
consolidate and grow existing bottle-cooler revenues
and diversify revenue streams in to new markets. The
market streams are:

• Selling existing products to bottle cooler OEM
  customers in current and new geographies
• Selling existing products to display case OEM
  customers in the supermarket segment
• Selling existing products to new non-bottle cooler
  and non-supermarket market segments
• Selling new motor and controller products to
  customers in the bottle cooler and supermarket
  segments
• Developing retail brand sponsorship and Bottle
  Cooler OEM customers for the Smart Controller
  solution
This marketing strategy has resulted in five main
priorities that are intended to expand the company’s
sales channels, improve the product roadmap, to
formalise new product customer relationships and
ultimately accelerate revenue and margin growth to not
only improve the top line in 2014 but also to set up 2015
for further financial improvement.



2014 – Five Main Priorities
1. Establish sales partnerships to access
growth opportunities in new markets
Expanding marketing coverage and increasing sales
and customer development capability, while containing
overhead costs is an important focus for the business
in 2014. The team will focus on improving customer
access in three new geographical markets;

• USA: Commence the next stage of our East West
  partnership with a growth focused initiative
• Asia Pacific: Expand the customer development
  capability through a local channel partnership
• Northern Europe: Expand regional sales capability
  through direct sales or distribution partnership




                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2013   13
      2. Revenue diversification through increased business with supermarket display manufacturers
      In 2012 the company stated it was focusing on the development of a Supermarket Original Equipment Manufacturer
      (OEM) segment strategy and intended to sell its existing Energy Efficient motors to customers in this market. Through
      ‘Voice of the Customer’ feedback it was established that the current ‘bottle cooler’ focused motors were not ideally
      suited for the Supermarket segment and, as such, some modifications were made to existing products to enable a
      better starting point in this segment. In addition the new product development plan was modified to include a new
      Advanced Motor focused on Supermarket requirements. In 2013, with a modified ECR01 product, the company won
      its first major Supermarket OEM account in the European sales region. The priority for 2014 will be twofold:

      • Develop and grow the Supermarket Display Case OEM relationships won in 2013
      • Win the first Supermarket Display Case OEM customer with the new Advanced Motor product, planned for launch
        in the fourth quarter 2014

      3. Launch the company’s first Smart Controller into the Commercial Refrigeration market
      The company’s first product in the Intelligent Solution portfolio is its Smart Controller. The Smart Controller is
      planned for launch in the fourth quarter of 2014, with the first three quarters of 2014 focused on completing product
      development and securing launch customers. While significant revenues for this controller product are not expected
      until 2015, the priority for 2014 year will be to complete launch agreements with a major OEM partner to support
      market development and bottle cooler integration.

      4. Grow product development capacity to broaden our product portfolio and solution offering
      In 2013 the company made selected investments in the software and mechanical skills required to support the
      development of the new Smart Controller and Advanced Motor. Both of these products are due for launch in the
      fourth quarter of 2014. Customers are continually providing us with their product innovation requirements and working
      with us on technology strategy, and as such we are exploring several new product concepts that would further expand
      our portfolio and help us diversify revenues streams into new market segments. Investment priorities in 2014 to allow
      us to broaden our customer offering are:

      • Expanded design capabilities to increase our development capacity
      • Implementing additional customer resident technical liaison staff to collaborate on product roadmaps and system
        integration
      • Improving product management capability to manage increased complexity of product and solutions offering
      • Improving product test capability to allow Wellington to offer system level integration and validation on controller
        and motor solutions

      5. Complete East West supplier transition and enable a lower manufacturing cost point
      In August 2013 the company announced its supply chain and strategic partnership with East West. This partnership
      has commenced with an initial focus on supply chain cost reduction and improvement. The priority for 2014 is to
      complete the qualification of East West as a supplier for all of its motor and electronic products by the end of second
      quarter, and secure supply for a significant portion of the global demand by the end of the third quarter. We expect to
      see the full contribution of the East West commercial agreement in the fourth quarter of 2014.




14 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
David Champion – Project Manager
Lean Business: Agile Product Commercialisation
What is our Agile Commercialisation process?
The Agile system was developed by the software industry
as a lean business management framework developed
to cope with the unpredictability of product development
and commercialisation. Wellington is one of a few New
Zealand technology companies using Aglile systems and
processes for the development of hardware as well as
software.

Traditional product development techniques depend
upon an assumed perfect understanding of the product
requirements at the outset of the project, with minimal
customer check-points and limited cross-functional team
involvement, which is often an unrealistic and wasteful
approach. In this traditional non-agile approach, product specification and project defintion occurs when the least
is known about the product and the specification often remains static, with the development team trying to keep
minimal change throughout the project. This can often mean a product finding its way to market that has not had
adequate customer feedback or had the benefit of cross-funcational expertise involved in its commercialisation.

The Agile approach to commercialisation accepts that the final product specification and development timeline is
uncertain when a project starts, and aims to build rapid and iterative learning from customers, market intelligence and
internal teams into the development cycle. With Agile, defining and delivering a product specification is an iterative
process. The project is then executed by cross-functional teams, which include engineering, supply chain, marketing,
finance and business unit owners and work is carried out in small incremental steps (called a “Sprint”). A specfic
project goal is delivered every “Sprint” stage in order to receive market and customer feedback before planning the
next “Sprint”. Product specifications are only fixed based on customer and cross-functional team agreement.

Longer term project planning is built around a ‘product stage release goal’, with only the critical parts of the product
fixed to allow shipment of a Customer minimum Viable Product (MVP). The MVP is used to gain customer feedback
and retain design criteria flexibility. This flexibility allows the “Sprint Team” to alter non-critical product requirements
rapidly to meet customer needs and achieve the ‘product stage release goal’.

How we Use it:
Once the “release goals” have been defined by the Product Owner, the cross-functional Sprint team works out the
project tasks needed to achieve the goal and estimates the work involved. Each ‘Release Goal’ is comprised of
multiple ‘Sprint’ activities. The ‘Sprint’ team works in focused three week activity cycles, allowing for rapid feedback
and decision making on cost, functionality, manufacturing, and time to market goals. This rapid fire process ensures
absolute concentration on only the key requirements needed to achieve each deliverable. After each Sprint, the
Product Owner and the team will discuss, and agree what the next Sprint goals are, deciding on specification, cost
and time-to-market trade-offs to ensure that the final product meets the “Release Goals”, and entirely satisfies the
‘Voice of Customer’ requirements.

Benefits:
Our team has so far completed two very unpredictable projects using Agile. The first was our Integrated Control
Solution, which was taken from concept to working model and shipped to a leading global beverage brand in just
six months. This was a record time-to-market for the company and something our customer told us was unrivalled
from other suppliers. The second is the Smart Controller Solution project, where Alpha product samples have been
developed in six months and shipped to the market. These prototype development timelines received customer
praise and have allowed us to ensure rapid customer feedback. Our Agile process will help shorten our new product
cycle times as we continue to ‘Sprint’ our way towards completion and successful market launch.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2013   15
      Directors
                             Tony Nowell - Chairman                                      Lisbeth Jacobs
                             Mr Nowell was appointed a                                   Dr Jacobs, a native of Belgium,
                             director of Wellington in March                             holds a PhD in Materials
                             2010 and Chairman in December                               Engineering from the University
                             2010. He is an experienced                                  of Auckland and a Master of
                             company leader in major New                                 Science in Materials Engineering
                             Zealand and international                                   from Katholieke Universiteit
                             businesses and also Chairs                                  Leuven, Belgium, where she
                             Scion (the Forest Research                                  also completed a post graduate
      Institute of New Zealand). He is a board member              degree in Business Studies. Dr Jacobs has completed
      of New Zealand Food Innovation (Auckland), Food              the Executive General Management programme at
      Standards Australia New Zealand and the Export               CEDEP-INSEAD, France and is currently Director
      Advisory Board of Business New Zealand. He is also           Strategy & Development at The Icehouse, following
      a New Zealand representative on the APEC Business            a 13 year career with Belgian corporate Bekaert, a
      Advisory Council and was formerly Chief Executive of         world market and technology leader in steel wire and
      Zespri International, and Griffin’s Foods Limited. Prior     steel cord products and applications. She is also a
      to returning to New Zealand business in 2000 from an         member of the Return of Science Physical Sciences
      extended period of international business experience,        Investment Committee and a member of the steering
      Mr Nowell was Regional Vice President of Sara Lee            committee of the ArcAngels, a NZ-based angel
      Asia, President Director of Sara Lee Indonesia and           investment organisation focused on investing in early
      President Director of L'Oreal Indonesia.                     stage businesses that are led or managed by women
                                                                   across New Zealand. Dr Jacobs is Honorary Consul of
                                                                   Belgium since August 2013.
                             Shawn Beck
                              Mr Beck is a previous Executive
                              Director of Pencarrow Private                              Gottfried Pausch
                              Equity, having been a founding
                                                                                         Mr Pausch is the former CEO
                              director in 1993. Over the last
                                                                                         at Actronic Technologies and
                              20 years, he has served on
                                                                                         Executive in Residence at The
                              15 boards in a wide range of
                                                                                         Icehouse, following a 22 year
                              industries, including specialty
                                                                                         career with German engineering
                              manufacturing, retail, road
                                                                                         and electronics conglomerate
      transport, tourism, rural and farming, aviation transport,
                                                                                         Siemens, one of the world’s
      media, engineering consulting and food. These
                                                                                         leading suppliers of a wide
      companies have ranged in their stage of life cycle
                                                                   range of products, solutions and services in the field of
      from start-ups through to very mature businesses, with
                                                                   technology, including the roles of Turnaround Manager
      turnover of nil to over $300m. He has been a director
                                                                   and CEO Siemens Energy Services New Zealand and
      of Wellington since 1994.
                                                                   Managing Director Siemens New Zealand. Mr. Pausch
                                                                   also serves as an independent director of McKay Ltd in
                             Simon Mander                          Whangarei and as Chairman of Aucom Electronics Ltd
                                                                   in Christchurch.
                           Mr Mander is a qualified
                           mechanical engineer. He has
                           extensive corporate experience
                           in several industries including
                           FMCG, industrial goods,
                           petroleum/ petrochemical and
                           heavy industry in Asia, Australia
                           and New Zealand.
      The Managing Director of a specialist packaging
      export business, Mr Mander has been a director of
      Wellington since 2004.




16 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
Senior Management
            Greg Allen – Chief Executive Officer
            Mr Allen was appointed CEO of Wellington Drive in November 2011. Prior to joining
            Wellington Mr Allen spent 23 years working internationally leading business development,
            supply chain and manufacturing organisations in Europe, North America and Asia. He is
            an experienced operational and business leader, having most recently been responsible
            for the Industrial and Green Technology business unit for Celestica, a highly regarded
            multinational supply chain services provider. Prior to Celestica Mr Allen led a Canadian
            public company focused on VOIP products and also held senior roles with global contract
            manufacturing and engineering services companies. Originally from New Zealand, and
            with a technical background gained from six years in the New Zealand armed forces, Mr
            Allen brings to Wellington a broad market experience covering many industrial segments
            such as telecommunications, aerospace, capital equipment, consumer products and
            enterprise computing.



            Steve Hodgson – Senior Vice President Commercial
            Mr Hodgson joined Wellington in August 2008 with initial responsibility for investor
            relations, capital market activities, and all aspects of corporate strategy. On 2 April 2009,
            Mr Hodgson was appointed Vice President Corporate Services (this title was changed to
            Chief Financial Officer in 2010). In April 2013 Mr Hodgson moved to the role of Senior Vice
            President Commercial. Prior to joining Wellington, Mr Hodgson worked in equities research
            for 20 years.




            David Howell – Chief Technical Officer
            Mr Howell joined Wellington as Engineering Manager in 1999 and is currently responsible
            for all aspects of Wellington’s future technology roadmap and the company’s product
            development processes in his role as Chief Technology Officer. He has previously worked
            in new product development roles for Rover Group (UK), Fisher and Paykel Healthcare
            Corporation Ltd, and Tru-Test Ltd. David is a chartered (CPEng & IntPE) mechanical
            engineer, holds a BE (Hons) and DipBus from The University of Auckland and an MSc
            from Cranfield (UK), and is currently working towards a PhD in product development
            management. Mr Howell is listed as inventor on 12 families of international patent
            applications, including several of Wellington’s core patents.




            Howard Milliner – Chief Financial Officer
            Howard Milliner joined Wellington in November 2012. He holds a BCom from Auckland
            University and is a Chartered Accountant. He was previously CFO of a N.Z. listed
            engineering business for 14 years and was its CEO / CFO for 7 of those years.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2013    17
                        Ali Karahasanoglu – Sales Director, Europe, Middle East and Africa
                        Mr Karahasanoglu has received his BS degree in Electrical Engineering on power
                        electronics division and studied Pre-MBA at Temple University, USA. He had worked
                        several industries; IT, heating, refrigeration, home appliances as Project Development
                        Engineer, Service Engineer, Regional Sales Manager and Sales & Marketing Manager.
                        Since joining Wellington in 2002 he has served in different functions within the organisation
                        – distribution, business development, Turkey/Eurasia subsidiary company setup and
                        management (since 2006), refrigeration business unit management and recently he has
                        been Sales director of Europe, Middle East and Africa region since 2008.




                        Erick Layseca – Business Development Director, Latin America
                        Mr Layseca graduated as an Industrial and Systems Engineer. He was a shareholder
                        in a Dairy Consulting Company, in which he actively participated and gained extensive
                        experience in business development. He then moved on to the world's fifth largest bottle
                        cooler manufacturers, where he was in charge of the areas of Supplier Development and
                        International Commerce. He has been working at Wellington, as a Business Development
                        Director of Latin America since 2006.




                        Clayton Thomas – Sales and Marketing Director, Asia Pacific
                        Mr Thomas was appointed to direct our key initiatives, in collaboration with customers, to
                        drive Wellington’s long term growth and sustainability in APAC. Prior to joining Wellington,
                        he worked with beverage dispensing technologies and sustainable energy solutions for the
                        Food and Beverage and Marine industries. Mr Thomas has lived in China since 2007.




                        Gerardo Gonzalez – Vice President and General Manager, Intelligent
                        Systems Business Unit
                        Mr. Gonzalez joined Wellington in February 2013 as Vice President and General Manager
                        of Intelligent Solutions Business. He will be responsible for the business development
                        and general management of the new Electronic Controls Business Unit. In addition, he
                        has been appointed as the executive accountable for the company’s relationship with
                        The Coca-Cola Company. Mr. Gonzalez has global business development and strategic
                        planning experience in the Carbonated Soft Drink and Beer Industry. Mr. Gonzalez resides
                        in Atlanta, Georgia, and holds a BS in Economics from Monterrey Institute of Technology,
                        and an MBA from Emory University.




18 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
Statutory Information
Introduction
Directors have resolved that no dividend be declared payable.

Audit fees received or due and receivable by PricewaterhouseCoopers are $74,000 (2012 - $95,000).

The Company does not have a credit rating.


Remuneration of Directors
During the year the following remuneration was paid or payable to directors:
                                                                                          2013          2012

Mr T. Nowell                                                                         $50,000           $50,000
Mr S. R. Beck                                                                        $28,000           $28,000
Mr S. J. Mander                                                                      $28,000           $28,000
                1.
Dr L. Jacobs                                                                         $16,872                   $-
                    1.                                                               2.
Mr G. Pausch                                                                              $1,151               $-
                         3.
Dr R. J. Thomson                                                                     $28,000           $28,000
               3.
Dr R. Boven                                                                          $11,667           $28,000
Notes
1. Dr Jacobs and Mr Pausch were appointed directors during the year. They earned a pro-rated amount of fees from the date of their respective
appointments to 31 December.
2. Fees for Mr G. Pausch are paid to Board Advisory Services Ltd.
3. Dr Boven resigned and Dr Thomson retired as directors during the year and earned a pro-rated amount of fees to those respective dates.



Interested Transactions
The Directors have disclosed the following transactions with the Company:

• Interested Transactions – There have been no transactions during the year with interested or related parties.
• Directors’ Remuneration – Remuneration details of Directors are provided above.
• Indemnification and insurance of officers and directors – The Company indemnifies directors and executive
  officers of the Group against all liabilities which arise out of the performance of their normal duties as director or
  executive officer, unless the liability relates to conduct involving lack of good faith. To manage this risk, the Group
  has indemnity insurance. The total cost of this insurance expensed during the year ended 31 December 2013 was
  $45,382 (2012 - $42,826).
• Directors’ Share Transactions – In June 2013 the Shawn Beck Trust acquired 76,923 shares, the Boven Family
  Trust acquired 230,769 shares and the Gurkha Trust (in which Dr Thomson has interests) acquired 769,231 shares.
  These shares were issued pursuant to resolution 4(e) approved by shareholders at the Annual Meeting on 27 May
  2013. Both Dr Boven and Dr Thomson stepped-down from the Board during the year and have retained their
  shareholding interests in Wellington at year-end. Details of numbers of shares held by directors are shown below.
• Directors’ Loans - There were no loans by the Company to Directors.
• Senior Management Share Transactions – During the year key management: were issued 1,107,691 ordinary
  shares (being shares issued via the Share Purchase Plan in May 2013 or by issues in June 2013 approved by
  the Annual Meeting); were issued 2,443,330 part paid shares; were issued 288,647 US share options; 494,206
  part paid shares lapsed; 250,000 (or 12,500 post consolidation) US share options lapsed. At year end, key
  management held 2,373,934 ordinary shares, held 3,790,659 part paid shares and held 288,647 US share options.
  Further details of part paid shares and options can be found in Note 24. Senior staff (or key management) are
  listed in the Directory on page 66.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2013   19
         The Board received no notices during the year from directors requesting to use Company information received in
         their capacity as directors which would not otherwise have been available to them.

      Directors’ Shareholding
                                                                 31 December 2013                                   31 December 2012
      Ordinary shares                              Total Relevant Interest          Direct            Total Relevant Interest          Direct

      Mr T. Nowell                                          88,750                           -                  88,750                           -
      Mr S. R. Beck                                       377,495                            -                300,572                            -
      Dr R. Boven                                                n/a                       n/a                120,388                  69,910
      Dr R. J. Thomson                                           n/a                       n/a               3,253,960                           -
      Notes: Dr Boven resigned and Dr Thomson retired as directors during the year. Details of the movements in their holdings are provided above under
      Interested Transactions. Both former directors continue to hold interests in the Company. Their 31 December 2013 balances are shown above as “n/a”
      as they are no longer directors of the Company.


      Employees
      The number of employees, other than Directors, within the Group receiving remuneration and benefits above
      $100,000, as is required to be disclosed in accordance with section 211(1) (g) of the Companies Act 1993, is
      indicated in the following table.
                                                                                             GROUP                         PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                     2013              2012               2013              2012
      $100,000 - $109,999                                                             4                 3                  4                 1
      $110,000 - $119,999                                                             1                 1                  -                 1
      $120,000 - $129,999                                                             1                  -                 1                 -
      $130,000 - $139,999                                                              -                1                  -                 1
      $140,000 - $149,999                                                              -                1                  -                 1
      $150,000 - $159,999                                                             3                 1                  3                 1
      $160,000 - $169,999                                                             1                  -                 1                 -
      $170,000 - $179,999                                                              -                1                  -                 1
      $180,000 - $189,999                                                             1                 1                  1                 -
      $220,000 - $229,999                                                             1                 1                  -                 -
      $230,000 - $239,999                                                              -                2                  -                 1
      $250,000 - $259,999                                                             1                  -                 1                 -
      $340,000 - $349,999                                                              -                1                  -                 1
      $390,000 - $399,999                                                              -                1                  -                 1
      $460,000 - $469,999                                                             1                  -                 1                 -


      Director’s Certification to NZX
      The independent directors approved an amendment to the remuneration of the company’s Chief Executive Officer,
      Greg Allen, which provided for a payment of up to 25% of his base remuneration for meeting funding objectives
      for the company, which, if paid, might result in the threshold amount in Listing Rule 9.2.4 (g) being exceeded. The
      company relied on the exception in NZSX Listing Rule 9.2.4(d) which allows the Company to agree the change
      to the Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration without requiring shareholder approval. To satisfy the exception,
      the independent directors of the company provided a certificate to the NZX on 22 August 2013 certifying that the
      remuneration was set on an arm’s length, commercial basis and that it had been approved by the independent
      directors of Wellington.




20 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
NZX Waivers
In accordance with NZ Stock Exchange Listing Rule 10.5.3(f), there were no waivers granted by the NZ Exchange
during the year ended 31 December 2013.

Auditors
In accordance with Section 200 of the Companies’ Act 1993, the auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers, continue in office.

For and on behalf of the Board




.....................................

T. Nowell
Chairman
26 March 2014




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2013   21
      Shareholder Information
      Shareholders
      As at 31 December 2013 there were 2,533 shareholders and 126,058,703 fully paid ordinary shares on issue.


      Share Issues
      In March 2013 the Company issued 16,000,002 ordinary shares by way of private placements to institutional and
      professional investors (including existing investor SuperLife Investments Limited) at 13 cents each. This issue raised
      $2.08 million.

      In May 2013 the Company issued 3,923,021 ordinary shares pursuant to its Share Purchase Plan that allowed
      all shareholders to subscribe for up to a value of $15,000 each of new shares, at 13 cents per share. The Share
      Purchase Plan raised $510,000.

      In June 2013 the Company issued 14,769,230 ordinary shares (with shareholder approval) by way of private
      placements to institutions, professional investors, directors and management at 13 cents each. This issue raised
      $1.92 million.

      In September 2013 the Company issued 10,600,000 ordinary shares by way of private placement to its strategic
      partner East West Manufacturing LLC at 15.5 cents each. This issue raised $1.643 million. The Company also
      granted 5.3 million warrants to East West Manufacturing LLC allowing them to acquire additional new Wellington
      shares at 20 cents per share within two years from September 2013.

      Further details of these share issues can be found in note 24 on page 59.


      Shareholder Details
      The ordinary shares of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited are listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange. The
      information in the disclosures below has been taken from the Company’s registers at 11 March 2014:

      20 largest shareholders

                                                     1.
      1.    N.Z. Central Securities Depository Ltd                   38,324,221
      2.    SuperLife Trustee Nominees Ltd                           22,272,307
      3.    East West Manufacturing LLC                              10,600,000
      4.    Investment Custodial Services Ltd                         5,370,295
      5.    Wairahi Trust                                             2,400,000
      6.    Gurkha Trust*                                             2,378,302
      7.    SuperLife Trustee Nominees Ltd (Gemino Account)           2,085,000
      8.    ASB Nominees Ltd                                          2,055,285
      9.    Waikiwi Trust *                                           1,644,889
      10.   Flynn No 2 Trustees Ltd                                   1,274,291
      11.   Graham Trustees Ltd                                       1,214,556
      12.   FNZ Custodians Ltd                                        1,164,260
      13.   R.D. Armstrong                                            1,083,007
      14.   Jangada Trust                                               995,913
      15.   Tane Nui Family Trust                                       900,000
      16.   Diab Investment NZ Ltd                                      755,215
      17.   K.F. Bennett                                                738,341




22 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
18.     I. Douglas Family Trust                                                        545,725
19.     M.J. Springford                                                                500,000
20.     B.A. Paradine                                                                  475,908

Note 1. N.Z. Central Deposit Securities Depository Limited hold shares on trust for 11 different shareholders. The largest of these are: JPMorgan
Chase Bank NA – 18,369,238 shares; N.Z. Permanent Trustees Ltd – 5,974,850 shares; TEA Custodians Ltd – 5,400,508 shares; Accident
Compensation Corporation – 5,284,509 shares; and BNP Paribas Nominees (N.Z.) Ltd – 1,606,363 and 1,013,089 shares.
* Dr R.J. Thomson (a former director) has interests in the above shareholders.

Distribution of Equity Securities
                                                                                         Shareholders                    Fully Paid Ordinary Shares
Size of Holdings (at 11 March 2014)                                                Number                 %                 Number                  %

                   1                -               999                                1,124             44.29                 393,421              0.31
             1,000                  -               1,999                                 275            10.84                 367,935              0.29
             2,000                  -               4,999                                 377            14.85               1,158,804              0.92
             5,000                  -               9,999                                 254            10.01               1,731,943              1.37
            10,000                  -               49,999                                356            14.03               7,805,764              6.19
            50,000                  -               99,999                                 66             2.60               4,242,882              3.37
          100,000                   -               499,999                                67             2.64             14,056,347              11.15
          500,000                   -               999,999                                  6            0.23               4,435,194              3.52
               over                                 1,000,000                              13             0.51             91,866,413              72.88
                                                                                       2,538           100.00            126,058,703             100.00

2,412 (or 95%) shareholders, holding 113,502,898 shares (or 90%) reside in New Zealand.


Substantial Security Holders
Pursuant to section 26 of the Securities Markets Act 1988, details of substantial security holders and their total
relevant interests as per their most recent notices are:
                                                                                                                                   #
Name                                                                                                          Number of shares           Date of Notice

Hunter Hall Investment Management Ltd                                                                            17,102,344              19 Sep 2013
SuperLife Trustee Nominees Ltd                                                                                  25,016,694               18 Sep 2013
East West Manufacturing LLC                                                                                   **10,600,000               17 Sep 2013
Harbour Asset Management Ltd                                                                                      7,408,280              08 Oct 2012
#
 Number of shares is taken from notices received. No adjustments have been made for changes that may have subsequently occurred from the
dates of notices stated. The definition of “relevant interest” in the Securities Markets Act 1988 provides that more than one relevant interest can exist in
respect of the same securities.
** East West Manufacturing LLC hold share warrants allowing them to subscribe for 5,300,000 further shares.



Shareholder Enquires
Shareholders should send changes of address to Computershare Investor Services Limited at the address noted
in the Directory on page 66. Notification must be in writing. Questions relating to shareholdings should also be
addressed to Computershare Investor Services Limited. For information about the group please contact the company
at the registered office by sending an email to info@wdtl.com or visit our website http:/www.wdtl.com.


Announcements to Shareholders
The company has established an email list of shareholders that want to receive announcements made by Wellington
Drive to the New Zealand Stock Exchange. Announcements are emailed to shareholders who wish to receive them
shortly after they are released. This will include the Annual Meeting addresses. If you want to be added to this listing,
please email info@wdtl.com and advise us of your email address. Your email details will be kept confidential.

Announcements are also posted on our website www.wdtl.com normally the day after they are released.



                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2013      23
      Corporate Governance
      The Board of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited is committed to acting with integrity and expects high standards
      of behaviour and accountability from all its officers and staff.

      Role of the Board
      The Board’s primary objective is the enhancement of shareholder value by following appropriate strategies,
      and ensuring effective and innovative use of available Company resources. The Board is responsible for the
      management, supervision, and direction of the Group. Day-to-day management of the Group is delegated to the
      Chief Executive.

      Compliance
      The governance principles adopted by the Board are designed to meet best practice recommendations for listed
      companies to the extent that it is appropriate to the size and nature of Wellington’s operations. The Board endorses
      the overall principles embodied in the N.Z. Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Best Practice Code. In a
      number of respects the Company’s practice differs from this Code. In particular, the Company has not established a
      nomination committee, believing these matters are being properly dealt with at the full Board level and Directors are
      not eligible to participate in any performance based equity compensation plans.

      Board Meetings
      The Board normally meets nine to eleven times each year for scheduled meetings. Additional meetings are held
      where specific matters require attention between scheduled meetings. Board meetings are used to monitor,
      challenge, develop, and fully understand business and operational issues.

      Composition of the Board
      The Constitution provides that there will be not less than three and not more than eight directors. N.Z. Stock
      Exchange requirements are that at least two directors or one-third, are independent directors. The Board has five
      directors, four of whom are independent. Profiles of Directors are given on Page 16.

      Criteria for Board Membership
      When a vacancy arises, the Board identifies candidates with a mix of capabilities and perspectives considered
      necessary for the Board to carry out its responsibilities effectively. A director appointed by the Board must stand for
      election at the next Annual Meeting. At each Annual Meeting one-third of directors must retire by rotation. Retiring
      directors are eligible for re-election.

      Non-executive Directors’ Remuneration
      The fees payable to non-executive directors are determined by the Board within the aggregate amount approved by
      shareholders. The Board considers the advice of independent remuneration consultants when setting remuneration
      levels. The current directors’ fee pool limit is $200,000 which was approved by the shareholders at the 14 November
      2006 annual meeting of shareholders.

      Details of the remuneration paid to directors are disclosed on Page 19 in the Annual Report.

      Board Committees
      The Board has established four committees to guide and assist the Board with overseeing certain aspects of
      corporate governance. These committees are the Audit Committee, the Technology and Innovation Committee, the
      Executive Appointment and Remuneration Committee and the Risk Committee. Each sub-committee is empowered
      to seek any information it requires from employees in pursuing its duties and to obtain independent legal or other
      professional advice.

      Audit Committee
      The Audit Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and is accountable to the Board for: the
      business’s relationship with, and the independence of, the external auditor; the reliability and appropriateness of the
      disclosure of the financial statements and external financial communication.

      The committee also approves any non-audit work carried out by the Company’s auditor and ensures that the lead
      partner in the audit firm is rotated every five years.



24 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
The committee is composed of three non-executive directors, all of whom are independent. The current members are
Shawn Beck (Chairman), Tony Nowell and Simon Mander.

Risk Committee
The Risk Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and is accountable to the Board for the
maintenance of an effective business risk management framework including credit, liquidity, market, insurance,
operational, regulatory and reputational risks.

The current members are Simon Mander (Chairman), Tony Nowell and Shawn Beck.

Executive Appointment and Remuneration Committee
The Executive Appointment and Remuneration Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and
is accountable to the Board for the remuneration and appointment of the senior executive team, management
succession planning, reviewing and approving compensation arrangements, establishing employee incentive
schemes and the remuneration of the Board. The committee also advises on proposals for significant company-
wide remuneration policies and programmes. In carrying out this role, the sub-committee operates independently of
senior management of the Company, and obtains independent advice on the appropriateness of the remuneration
packages.

The current members are Gottfried Pausch (Chairman) and Tony Nowell.

Technology & Innovation Committee
The Technology & Innovation Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board and is accountable to
the Board for overseeing and providing counsel on overall strategy, direction and effectiveness of technology and
innovation activities.

The current members are Lisbeth Jacobs (Chairwoman), Gottfried Pausch and Shawn Beck.

Trading in shares
Wellington is committed to transparency and fairness in dealing with all of its stakeholders and to ensuring adherence
to all applicable laws and regulations.

Wellington has a detailed insider trading policy applying to all directors and employees. No director or employee
may use confidential unpublished price sensitive information in his or her position to engage in securities trading for
personal benefit or to provide benefit to any third party. Short term trading in Wellington shares and buying or selling
(while in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information) is strictly prohibited.

All directors and employees must obtain consent to trade in securities prior to trading. All members of the Board
need to consent to the application. Once these consents have been received the Chairman of the Wellington Board
or (where the Chairman is unavailable) the Chairman of the Board’s Audit Committee, will approve or decline the
application. The Company monitors trading and reports any share movements to the Board at every meeting.

Relationship with the Independent Auditor
The Company has adopted a policy to ensure that audit independence is maintained, both in fact and appearance,
such that Wellington’s external financial reporting is viewed as being reliable and credible. The policy covers the
following areas:

• The external auditor must remain independent of the Company at all times and comply with the New Zealand
  Institute of Chartered Accountants’ (NZICA) Code of Ethics;
• The external auditor must monitor its independence and report to the Board that it has remained independent;
• Guidelines in relation to the provision of non-audit services by the external auditor in order that the provision of
  such services does not impair the external auditor’s independence or objectivity;
• The audit firm may be permitted to provide non-audit services that are not considered to be in conflict with the
  preservation of the independence of the auditor subject to the approval of the Audit Committee; and
The Audit Committee must approve significant permissible non-audit work assignments that are awarded to an
external auditor.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2013   25
                        This page is intentionally blank.




26 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
Independent Auditor’s Report
to the shareholders of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited


Report on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements of Wellington Drive Technologies Limited on pages 29 to 65, which comprise the
statements of financial position as at 31 December 2013, the statements of comprehensive income, statements of movements in
equity and cash flow statements for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory
information for both the Company and the Group. The Group comprises the Company and the entities it controlled at 31
December 2013 or from time to time during the financial year.


Directors’ Responsibility for the Financial Statements
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of these financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting practice in New Zealand and that give a true and fair view of the matters to which they relate and for such internal
controls as the Directors determine are necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) and International Standards on Auditing. These standards
require that we comply with relevant ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement.

An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
The procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers the internal
controls relevant to the entity’s preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view of the matters to which they
relate, in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

We have no relationship with, or interests in, Wellington Drive Technologies Limited or any of its subsidiaries other than
in our capacities as auditors, tax advisors and providers of other assurance services. These matters have not impaired our
independence as auditors of the Company and Group.


Opinion
In our opinion, the financial statements on pages 29 to 65:

(i)      comply with generally accepted accounting practice in New Zealand;

(ii)     comply with International Financial Reporting Standards; and

(iii) give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2013, and their financial
      performance and cash flows for the year then ended.




       PricewaterhouseCoopers, 188 Quay Street, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
       T: +64 (9) 355 8000, F: +64 (9) 355 8001, www.pwc.com/nz                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2013
                                                                                                                                      27
                                                                                                                                     27
     Emphasis of Matter
     Without qualifying our opinion, we draw attention to note 2 (a) to the financial statements which describes the basis on which
     the Directors have adopted the going concern assumption.

     The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which is dependent on the ability of the Group to achieve
     forecasted cash flows, the outcome of which is inherently uncertain, and additional shareholder or alternative funding may be
     required to enable the Group to continue as a going concern. These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty
     that may cast significant doubt about the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The financial statements do not include adjustments that would result if the Group was unable to continue as a going concern.


     Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
     We also report in accordance with Sections 16(1) (d) and 16(1) (e) of the Financial Reporting Act 1993. In relation to our audit of
     the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013:

     (i)      we have obtained all the information and explanations that we have required; and

     (ii)     in our opinion, proper accounting records have been kept by the Company as far as appears from an examination of those
              records.


     Restriction on Distribution or Use
     This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body, in accordance with Section 205(1) of the Companies Act
     1993. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s shareholders those matters which we are
     required to state to them in an auditors’ report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept
     or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our audit work, for
     this report or for the opinions we have formed.




     Chartered Accountants										Auckland
     28 February 2014




            PricewaterhouseCoopers, 188 Quay Street, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
28          T: +64 (9) 355 8000, F: +64 (9) 355 8001, www.pwc.com/nz
Statements of Comprehensive Income
for the year ended 31 December 2013

                                                                 CONSOLIDATED           PARENT COMPANY
                                                               2013        2012         2013        2012
                                                        Note
                                                               $000s       $000s        $000s       $000s

Revenue                                                 7       27,437      35,562       23,070      34,395
   Cost of sales                                               (22,306)    (30,590)    (22,376)     (31,450)
Gross profit                                                     5,131       4,972         694        2,945
   Other income                                         8          511          493        679            314
   Operating expenses                                   9       (9,390)    (11,745)     (8,126)     (10,491)
Loss before interest & taxation                                 (3,748)     (6,280)     (6,753)      (7,232)
   Finance income                                                      9         12             9          11
   Finance expenses                                     9          (24)         (51)       (20)           (49)
Loss before income tax                                          (3,763)     (6,319)     (6,764)      (7,270)
   Income tax expense                                   10          (5)         (14)            -            -
Loss for the year                                               (3,768)     (6,333)     (6,764)      (7,270)
Other comprehensive income:
   Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the
   profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translating operations       26       (270)        (746)          34        (611)
   Cash flow hedge                                      26          33          (58)         33           (58)
   Income tax relating to other comprehensive income                   -           -            -            -
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year                 (237)        (804)          67        (669)
Total comprehensive loss for the year                          ($4,005)    ($7,137)    ($6,697)     ($7,939)
Loss for the year attributable to the Owners of the
                                                               ($3,768)    ($6,333)    ($6,764)     ($7,270)
   Company
Total comprehensive loss attributable to the Owners
                                                               ($4,005)    ($7,137)    ($6,697)     ($7,939)
   of the Company

Basic earnings per share – cents                        30       (3.49)      (8.97)
Diluted earnings per share – cents                      30       (3.49)      (8.97)

The above Statements of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2013   29
      Statements of Movements in Equity
      for the year ended 31 December 2013

      CONSOLIDATED                                        Note        Share         Accumulated     Other         Total
      2013                                                            capital          losses     reserves       equity
                                                                      $000s            $000s       $000s         $000s

      Balance at beginning of year                                   108,544         (99,004)      (2,054)         7,486
         Comprehensive Income
         Loss for year                                                          -      (3,768)               -   (3,768)
         Other comprehensive income
         Exchange differences on translating operations     26b                 -            -       (270)         (270)
         Cash flow hedge                                    26c                 -            -          33            33
         Income tax relating to other comprehensive
                                                                                -            -               -            -
         income
         Total comprehensive income                                             -      (3,768)       (237)       (4,005)
         Share option compensation expensed                 26a                 -            -         115           115
         Contributions of equity                            24          5,764                -               -     5,764
         Refunds of lapsed part paid shares               25,26a                -         252        (252)                -
      Balance at end of year                                        $114,308 ($102,520)           ($2,428)       $9,360


      CONSOLIDATED                                        Note        Share         Accumulated     Other         Total
      2012                                                            capital          losses     reserves       equity
                                                                      $000s            $000s       $000s         $000s

      Balance at beginning of year                                    106,519         (92,671)     (1,368)        12,480
         Comprehensive Income
         Loss for year                                                          -      (6,333)               -   (6,333)
         Other comprehensive income
         Exchange differences on translating operations     26b                 -            -       (746)         (746)
         Cash flow hedge                                    26c                 -            -         (58)          (58)
         Income tax relating to other comprehensive
                                                                                -            -               -            -
         income
         Total comprehensive income                                             -      (6,333)       (804)       (7,137)
         Share option compensation expensed                 26a                 -            -         118           118
         Contributions of equity                            24          2,025                -               -     2,025
         Refunds of lapsed part paid shares               25,26a                -            -               -            -
      Balance at end of year                                         $108,544        ($99,004)    ($2,054)        $7,486



      The above Statements of Movements in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




30 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
Statements of Movements in Equity (continued)

for the year ended 31 December 2013

PARENT COMPANY                                      Note        Share         Accumulated     Other         Total
2013                                                            capital          losses     reserves       equity
                                                                $000s            $000s       $000s         $000s

Balance at beginning of year                                    108,544         (99,020)     (2,187)         7,337
   Comprehensive Income
   Loss for year                                                          -      (6,764)               -   (6,764)
   Other comprehensive income
   Exchange differences on translating operations     26b                 -            -          34            34
   Cash flow hedge                                    26c                 -            -          33            33
   Income tax relating to other comprehensive
                                                                          -            -               -            -
   income
   Total comprehensive income                                             -      (6,764)          67       (6,697)
   Share option compensation expensed                 26a                 -            -         115           115
   Contributions of equity                            24          5,764                -               -     5,764
   Refunds of lapsed part paid shares               25,26a                -         252        (252)                -
Balance at end of year                                         $114,308       ($105,532)    ($2,257)        $6,519


PARENT COMPANY                                      Note        Share         Accumulated     Other         Total
2012                                                            capital          losses     reserves       equity
                                                                $000s            $000s       $000s         $000s

Balance at beginning of year                                    106,519         (91,750)     (1,636)        13,133
   Comprehensive Income
   Loss for year                                                          -      (7,270)               -   (7,270)
   Other comprehensive income
   Exchange differences on translating operations     26b                 -            -       (611)         (611)
   Cash flow hedge                                    26c                 -            -         (58)          (58)
   Income tax relating to other comprehensive
                                                                          -            -               -            -
   income
   Total comprehensive income                                             -      (7,270)       (669)       (7,939)
   Share option compensation expensed                 26a                 -            -         118           118
   Contributions of equity                            24          2,025                -               -     2,025
   Refunds of lapsed part paid shares               25,26a                -            -               -            -
Balance at end of year                                         $108,544        ($99,020)    ($2,187)        $7,337



The above Statements of Movements in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2013    31
      Statements of Financial Position
      as at 31 December 2013
                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED                  PARENT COMPANY
                                                                               2013                2012         2013        2012
                                                                Note
                                                                               $000s               $000s        $000s       $000s

      Current Assets
           Cash and cash equivalents                             12               2,984              1,869        2,498         793
           Trade and other receivables                           13               7,892              8,519        2,693       2,123
           Derivative financial instruments                      14                     31                 -         31             -
           Inventories                                           15               3,975              4,526        1,903       2,563
           Total current assets                                                 14,882              14,914        7,125       5,479

      Non-Current Assets
           Plant and equipment                                   16                   425              585          397         524
           Intangible assets                                     17               1,566              1,188        1,553       1,177
           Advances to subsidiaries                              29                        -               -      4,612       8,505
           Investment in subsidiaries                            18                        -               -         81          81
           Total non-current assets                                               1,991              1,773        6,643      10,287
           Total assets                                                         16,873              16,687       13,768      15,766

      Current Liabilities
           Trade and other payables                              19               7,032              6,954        6,892       6,396
           Bank finance facilities                               20                        -         1,233              -     1,228
           Provisions                                            21                   481            1,008          357         799
           Derivative financial instruments                      14                        -               2            -           2
           Finance lease liability                               22                        -               4            -           4
           Total current liabilities                                              7,513              9,201        7,249       8,429

      Non-Current Liabilities
           Finance lease liability                               22                        -               -            -           -
           Total liabilities                                                      7,513              9,201        7,249       8,429

      Net assets                                                                $9,360              $7,486       $6,519      $7,337

      Equity
           Contributed equity                                    24           114,308              108,544      114,308     108,544
           Accumulated losses                                    25        (102,520)               (99,004)    (105,532)    (99,020)
           Other reserves                                        26             (2,428)             (2,054)      (2,257)     (2,187)
      Total equity                                                              $9,360              $7,486       $6,519      $7,337


      For and on behalf of the Board




      .....................................                .....................................

      Director                                             Director
      28 February 2014                                     28 February 2014

      The above Statements of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




32 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
Cash Flow Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2013
                                                                  CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                2013        2012        2013          2012
                                                         Note
                                                                $000s       $000s       $000s         $000s

Cash flows from operating activities
   Receipts from customers exclusive of GST                      28,050      33,566            509     26,166
   Receipts from Group Companies                                        -           -       26,558      5,766
   Payments to suppliers and employees exclusive of
                                                                (31,392)    (38,386)    (28,007)      (25,235)
   GST
   Payments to Group Companies                                          -           -       (1,123)   (10,251)
   Interest paid                                                    (24)         (51)          (20)       (49)
   Interest received                                                    9         12             9           11
   Taxation paid                                                     (8)         (14)             -            -
   Net GST received                                                 929       1,420            264        225
   Net cash outflow from operating activities              31    (2,436)     (3,453)        (1,810)    (3,367)


Cash flows from investing activities
   Payments for plant and equipment                        16     (102)        (137)           (80)      (116)
   Payments for intangible assets                          17     (994)        (375)         (980)       (368)
   Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment                         44          271             4           (4)
   Investment in subsidiaries                                           -           -          (19)            -
   Net cash outflow from investing activities                    (1,052)       (241)        (1,075)      (488)


Cash flows from financing activities
   Cash proceeds from share issues, net of issue costs            5,764       2,025          5,764      2,025
   Proceeds from bank finance facilities                            905      10,750            905     10,748
   Repayments of bank finance facilities                         (2,115)    (10,704)        (2,115)   (10,704)
   Finance lease payments                                            (4)         (70)           (4)       (70)
   Net cash inflow from financing activities                      4,550       2,001          4,550      1,999


Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents            1,062      (1,693)         1,665     (1,856)
   Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the
                                                                  1,869       3,628            793      2,715
   financial period
   Effect of exchange rate movements on cash                         53          (66)           40        (66)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                   12     2,984      $1,869          2,498       $793

The above Cash Flow Statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2013   33
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2013


      1. General Information
         Wellington Drive Technologies Limited (the “Company” or the “Parent”) and its subsidiaries (together the
         “Group”) develop, manufacture, market and sell energy saving, electronically commutated (EC) motors and
         fans for worldwide use. The Company and its subsidiaries are profit oriented entities.
         The Company is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand. The address of its
         registered office is 16-22 Omega Street, North Harbour, Auckland 0632, New Zealand.
         These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 28 February
         2014. The entity’s owners do not have the power to amend these financial statements after issue.


      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are set out below.
         These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

      (a) Basis of preparation
         The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with New Zealand Generally Accepted Accounting
         Practice (NZ GAAP). They comply fully with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting
         Standards (NZ IFRS) and other applicable Financial Reporting Standards as appropriate for profit oriented
         entities. These financial statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
         The Company has adopted XRB A1 (FP Entities Update) which is applicable for periods beginning on or after 1
         December 2012. This has not resulted in a change in basis of preparation for the Company.

         Entities reporting
         The financial statements include separate financial statements for Wellington Drive Technologies Limited as a
         separate legal entity and the consolidated entity consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries.

         Statutory base
         The Company is registered under the Companies Act 1993 and is an issuer in terms of the Securities Act 1978.
         The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Financial Reporting
         Act 1993 and the Companies Act 1993.

         Historical cost convention
         These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention.

         Going concern assumption
         The Group reported a loss of $4,005,000 (2012: $7,137,000) and operating cash outflows of $2,436,000 (2012:
         $3,453,000) for the year ended 31 December 2013.
         These financial statements have been prepared under a going concern assumption. The directors have
         reviewed cash flow projections of the Group which are based on a number of assumptions including:
         • Customer pricing and terms - Forecasting sales, revenue growth, pricing and terms is inherently uncertain.
           Major customers routinely seek to renegotiate and there is no certainty that volume, price and terms
           assumptions in the Company’s projections will be sustained.
         • Achievement of forecast sales volumes - Projections include assumptions as to revenue, i.e. existing
           volumes with existing customers, additional volume with existing customers, additional volume from new
           customers and markets, and revenue from new products. Whether or not the Group will be successful in
           achieving forecast revenue is uncertain.




34 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(a) Basis of preparation (continued)
   • Supply chain transition – The Group is in the process of commissioning a new motor supplier and expects
     motors from this supplier to be supplied in volume in the 2nd half of the 2014 year. The Group expects
     reduced unit prices from this new supplier so any delays could impact the Company’s forecasts.
   The cash forecasts for 2014 reflect investment in new product development, in resources to enter new markets
   and in resources within existing markets to enable the Group to achieve growth. The directors have assumed
   that a capital issue and / or bank borrowing would be forthcoming within the next 12 months in arriving at the
   going concern conclusion.
   If the Company does not raise additional capital and / or bank borrowing, it would likely delay its expenditure on
   new product development and market expansion and may still have adequate cash resources for the business
   to operate over the next 12 months. However, the directors acknowledge that there is risk within the forecast
   assumptions. In the event additional capital is not raised and / or a borrowing facility not secured and there
   being material variations from the assumptions adopted in the cash flow forecasts, the minimum cash facilities
   available to the Group over the forecast period may be inadequate to continue to operate as a going concern.
   The financial statements do not include any adjustments that would result if the Group was unable to continue
   as a going concern.

(b) Principles of consolidation
   Subsidiaries
   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of the Company
   as at 31 December 2013 and the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended. The Company and its
   subsidiaries together are referred to in these financial statements as the Group or the consolidated entity.
   Subsidiaries are all those entities over which the Group has the power to govern the financial and operating
   policies, generally accompanying a shareholding of more than one half of the voting rights. The existence and
   effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible are considered when assessing
   whether the Group controls another entity.
   Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are
   deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.
   The purchase method of accounting is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries by the Group.
   The cost of an acquisition is measured as the fair value of the assets given and equity instruments issued
   and liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of exchange. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
   contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the
   acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any minority interest. The excess of the cost of acquisition over
   the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the cost of
   acquisition is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognised
   directly in the Statements of Comprehensive Income.
   Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies
   are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated but considered an impairment indicator of the asset
   transferred. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency
   with the policies of the Group.

(c) Foreign currency translation

   (i) Functional and presentation currency
   Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
   primary economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated and
   parent financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars, rounded to the nearest thousand, which is
   the Group’s presentation currency.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2013   35
      2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

      (c) Foreign currency translation (continued)
         The Board believes US Dollars is the primary economic environment that the Parent operates in. The
         presentation currency for the Group and the Parent remains New Zealand dollars due to the Group’s shareholder
         base being concentrated in New Zealand.

         (ii) Transactions and balances
         Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
         at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
         transactions and from the translation at year end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
         in foreign currencies are recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income.

         (iii) Foreign operations
         The results and balance sheets of all foreign operations that have a functional currency different from New
         Zealand dollars are translated into the presentation currency as follows:
         • assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of the
           Statements of Financial Position;
         • income and expenses for each Statements of Comprehensive Income are translated at average exchange
           rates, unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
           transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions; and
         • all resulting exchange differences are recognised as a separate component of equity.

      (d) Revenue recognition
         Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Amounts disclosed as
         revenue are net of returns, duties and Goods and Services Tax.

         (i) Sale of Goods and Services
         Revenue from the sale of goods and disposal of other assets is recognised when the Group has passed control
         of the goods or other assets to the buyer. Revenue from the provision of services is recognised when services
         are delivered to the buyer.

         (ii) Interest income
         Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method. When a receivable
         is impaired, the Group reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount, being the estimated future cash
         flow discounted at original effective interest rate of the instrument, and continues unwinding the discount as
         interest income. Interest income on impaired loans is recognised using the rate of interest used to discount the
         future cash flows for the purpose of measuring the impairment loss.

         (iii) Royalties
         Royalty income is recognised on an accruals basis in accordance with the substance of the relevant
         agreements.

         (iv) Grants
         Grants are recognised within ‘Other Income’ in the Statements of Comprehensive Income at their fair value
         where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all the
         attached conditions.
         Grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income over the
         period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

      (e) Income tax
         The income tax expense or revenue for the year is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
         on the national income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities




36 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(e) Income tax (continued)
   attributable to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts
   in the financial statements, and to unused tax losses.
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to
   apply when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or
   substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of
   deductible and taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or liability. An exception is
   made for certain temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No deferred
   tax asset or liability is recognised in relation to these temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other
   than a business combination, that at the time of the transaction did not affect either accounting profit or taxable
   profit or loss.
   Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is
   probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.
   Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
   and tax bases of investments in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to control the timing of the
   reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
   future.

(f) Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
   Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are
   subsequently re-measured at their fair value. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on
   whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.
   The Group designates derivatives as hedges of a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or
   a highly probable forecast transaction (cash flow hedge).
   The Group documents at the inception of the transaction the relationship between hedging instruments
   and hedged items, as well as its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedging
   transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an on-going basis,
   of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair
   values or cash flows of hedged items.
   The fair values of various derivative instruments used for hedging purposes are disclosed in note 14.
   Movements on the hedging reserve in shareholders’ equity are shown in note 26. The fair value of a hedging
   derivative is classified as a non-current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is more
   than 12 months and as a current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is less than 12
   months.
   Trading derivatives are classified as a current asset or liability.

   Cash flow hedge
   The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow
   hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is
   recognised immediately in the Statements of Comprehensive Income within other income.
   Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects
   profit or loss (for example, when the forecast sale that is hedged takes place). The gain or loss relating to the
   effective portion of forward exchange hedging contracts is recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive
   Income within ‘revenue’. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised in the Statements of
   Comprehensive Income within ‘other income’. However, when the forecast transaction that is hedged results in
   the recognition of a non-financial asset (for example, inventory or fixed assets), the gains and losses previously
   deferred in equity are transferred from equity and included in the initial measurement of the cost of the asset.
   The deferred amounts are ultimately recognised in cost of goods sold in the case of inventory or in depreciation
   in the case of fixed assets.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2013   37
      2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

      (f) Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities (continued)
         When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge
         accounting, any cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when
         the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income. When a forecast
         transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was reported in equity is immediately
         transferred to the Statements of Comprehensive Income within ‘other income’.

      (g) Goods and Services Tax (GST) and Value Added Tax (VAT)
         The Statements of Comprehensive Income have been prepared so that all components are stated exclusive of
         GST and VAT. All items in the Statements of Financial Position are stated net of GST and VAT, with the exception
         of receivables and payables, which include GST and VAT invoiced.

      (h) Leases
         The Group is the lessee
         Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are
         classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the
         lessor) are charged to the Statements of Comprehensive Income on a straight line basis over the period of the
         lease.
         Leases in which the Group has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance
         leases. Finance leases are capitalised at the lease’s inception at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset
         and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability
         and finance charges so as to achieve a constant rate on the finance balance outstanding. The asset acquired
         under a finance lease is depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term

      (i) Impairment of non-financial assets
         Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
         the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Intangible assets have a finite life and are tested annually for
         impairment irrespective of whether any circumstances identifying a possible impairment have been identified.
         An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
         amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For
         the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
         identifiable cash flows (cash generating units).

      (j) Cash and cash equivalents
         Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short
         term and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible
         to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank finance
         facilities drawn down, are shown within current liabilities in the Statements of Financial Position.

      (k) Trade receivables
         Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less
         provision for doubtful debts. Trade receivables are due for settlement no more than approximately 70 days from
         the date of recognition.
         A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Group
         will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of receivables. Significant financial
         difficulties of the debtor, indicating that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganisation and default or
         delinquency in payments are considered indicators that the trade receivable is impaired.
         The amount of the provision is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of
         estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate. The carrying amount of the asset
         is reduced through the use of an allowance account and the amount of the loss is recognised in the Statements
         of Comprehensive Income within ‘operating expenses’.




38 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(k) Trade receivables (continued)
   When a trade receivable is uncollectable, it is written off against the allowance account for trade receivables.
   Subsequently recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against Operating expenses in the
   Statements of Comprehensive Income.

(l) Inventories
   Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods
   Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
   Cost comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead
   expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Costs are assigned to
   individual items of inventory on the basis of first in first out. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in
   the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
   make the sale.

(m) Investments and other financial assets
   Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not
   quoted in an active market. They arise when the Group provides money, goods or services directly to a
   debtor with no intention of selling the receivable. They are included in current assets, except for those with
   maturities greater than 12 months after the balance sheet date which are classified as non-current assets. The
   Group’s loans and receivables comprise “trade and other receivables” and “cash and cash equivalents” in
   the Statements of Financial Position. Loans and receivables are carried at amortised cost using the effective
   interest method.
   The nominal value less estimated credit adjustments of trade receivables and payables are assumed to
   approximate their fair values.

(n) Plant and equipment
   All plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation and impairments. Historical cost includes
   expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
   The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of all materials used in construction, direct labour on the
   project and an appropriate portion of variable and fixed overheads. Costs cease to be capitalised as soon as
   the asset is ready for productive use and do not include any inefficiency costs.
   Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
   appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
   Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the
   Statements of Comprehensive Income during the financial year in which they are incurred.
   Depreciation on plant and equipment is calculated using the straight line method to allocate their cost net of
   their residual values, over their estimated useful lives, as follows:
                                                        Useful Life
      Plant and equipment                              3 - 15 years
      Office equipment, furniture and fittings         3 - 15 years

   The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet date.
   An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
   greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

   Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are included
   in the Statements of Comprehensive Income.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2013   39
      2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

      (o) Intangible assets
         (i) Research, development and patent costs
         Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of obtaining new scientific or technical
         knowledge and understanding, is recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income as an expense when
         it is incurred.
         Expenditure on development activities, being the application of research findings or other knowledge to a
         plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products or services before the start of
         commercial production or use, is capitalised if the product or service is technically and commercially feasible
         and adequate resources are available to complete development. The expenditure capitalised comprises all
         directly attributable costs, including costs of materials, services, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of
         overheads. Other development expenditure is recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income as an
         expense as incurred. Capitalised development expenditure is stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and
         any impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight line method to allocate the cost over the
         period of the expected benefit, up to a maximum of 5 years.
         Capitalised patent costs are amortised on a straight line basis over the period of expected benefit no longer
         than the life of the patent, up to a maximum of 20 years.

         (ii) Computer software
         Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to
         use the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives (3 to 5 years).
         Costs associated with developing or maintaining computer software programmes are recognised as an
         expense as incurred.

      (p) Trade and other payables
         Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost
         using the effective interest method. These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to
         the Group prior to balance sheet date. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 45 days of
         recognition.

      (q) Investments in subsidiaries
         Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less impairment.

      (r) Provisions
         Provisions for legal claims, warranties and restructuring costs are recognised when: the Group has a present
         legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is more likely than not that an outflow of resources
         will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not
         recognised for future operating losses. Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that
         an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A
         provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same
         class of obligations may be small.

      (s) Borrowings
         Borrowings and bank finance facilities are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred.
         Borrowings including bank finance facilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference
         between the proceeds (plus transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in the Statements of
         Comprehensive Income over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.
         Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of
         the liability for at least 12 months after the balance sheet date.




40 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(t) Borrowing costs
   Borrowing costs are expensed when incurred unless they are directly attributable to the acquisition or
   construction of an asset, in which case they are capitalised.

(u) Employee benefits
   (i) Wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave
   Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and accumulating sick leave
   expected to be settled within 12 months of the reporting date are recognised in other payables in respect of
   employees’ services up to the reporting date and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the
   liabilities are settled. Liabilities for non-accumulating sick leave are recognised when the leave is taken and
   measured at the rates paid or payable.
   (ii) Share based payments
   Equity settled, share based compensation is provided to employees via the Wellington Partly Paid Share
   Scheme and Wellington Employees Share Option Plan. The fair value of the employee services received in
   exchange for the grant of part paid shares or options are recognised as an expense over the vesting period.
   Fair value is assessed at the date that the partly paid shares are granted using a binomial option pricing model
   that takes into account the grant or exercise price, the two or three year vesting term of the partly paid shares
   or options, the exercise criteria, the likelihood of staff turnover, the non-tradable nature of the partly paid shares
   or options, the share price at grant date and the volatility of the returns on the underlying share and risk-free
   interest rate for the term. The proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to
   share capital when the partly paid share proceeds are received or options are exercised.
   (iii) Bonus plans
   The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and creates a provision where contractually
   obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

(v) Contributed equity
   Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
   Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction,
   net of tax, from the proceeds.

(w) Dividends
   Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared on or before the end of the financial year but not
   distributed at balance sheet date.

(x) Segment reporting
   Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with internal reporting to the chief operating decision
   maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
   performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer supported by the
   Management Team who report directly to the CEO.

(y) Standards, amendments and interpretations affecting the financial statements
   New and amended standards adopted by the Group
   During the year, the Group has adopted the following relevant accounting standards for the first time: NZ IAS1,
   ‘Financial Statement Presentation’, NZ IFRS10, ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’
   and NZ IFRS13 ‘Fair Value Measurement’. There has been no material impact on the Group arising from the
   adoption of these accounting standards.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2013   41
      3.	Financial Risk Management

         Due to the broad range of the Group’s activities, there is exposure to a variety of financial risks:
         • Market risk (including currency risk and interest rate risk);
         • Credit risk; and
         • Liquidity risk

         The Group’s risk management programme focuses on minimising the potential adverse effects of these risks.
         The Group’s business is primarily denominated in foreign currencies. The Group holds New Zealand dollars
         and other currencies to settle transactions in the normal course of business.

      (a) Market risk
         Foreign Currency Risk
         The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from various currency
         exposures. Presently the majority of the Group's revenue is derived from USD contracts. The majority of the
         Group's product, manufacturing and logistics costs are settled in US dollars. This provides a strong natural
         hedge position between revenues and costs. Some revenue is priced in Euro which the Group converts into
         USD to settle payables. USD funds are also converted to SGD and NZD to meet operational costs. Though
         the NZ dollar remains the main currency for corporate funding, engineering costs and Group reporting, it will
         continue to diminish as a proportion of total Group costs as product sales outstrip growth in the engineering
         cost base. The Group actively monitors its foreign exchange exposures and may use forward exchange
         contracts to reduce the currency risks associated with these purchases.
         The below tables show the impact on pre-tax loss for the year, if the major currencies that the Company
         transacts in weaken/strengthen by 10% to the US Dollar, with other variables held constant. The impact
         would mainly result in foreign exchange gains or losses on the conversion of cash, receivables and payables.
         The same movement on equity would be expected. 10% was chosen as a reasonable sensitivity given the
         historically volatile markets for foreign exchange.

         2013                                            CONSOLIDATED                               PARENT COMPANY
                                              Carrying                                       Carrying
         NZ$000s                               Amount     NZD + 10%        NZD - 10%          Amount    NZD + 10%        NZD - 10%
                                             at 31 Dec    Profit / Equity Profit / Equity   at 31 Dec   Profit / Equity Profit / Equity

             NZD cash                             241               24             (24)          241              24             (24)
             NZD accounts receivable               45                 5             (5)           45                5              (5)
             NZD accounts payable               (375)             (38)               38        (375)            (38)               38
             Total NZD                                            ($9)               $9                         ($9)               $9


             SGD cash                              34                 3             (3)             -               -                -
             SGD accounts payable                (13)               (1)               1             -               -                -
             Total SGD                                              $2             ($2)                            $-               $-


             EUR cash                              83                 8             (8)           81                8              (8)
             EUR accounts receivable                3                 -                -            -               -                -
             EUR accounts payable                  (3)                -                -            -               -                -
             Total EUR                                              $8             ($8)                           $8             ($8)


             YTL cash                              31                 3             (3)             -               -                -
             YTL accounts receivable                9                 1             (1)             -               -                -
             Total YTL                                              $4             ($4)                            $-               $-




42 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
3. Financial Risk Management (continued)


(a) Market risk (continued)

   2012                                          CONSOLIDATED                                   PARENT COMPANY
                                      Carrying                                           Carrying
   NZ$000s                             Amount     NZD + 10%        NZD - 10%              Amount     NZD + 10%        NZD - 10%
                                     at 31 Dec    Profit / Equity Profit / Equity       at 31 Dec    Profit / Equity Profit / Equity

       NZD cash                           365               37             (37)              365               37             (37)
       NZD accounts receivable             55                 6              (6)              55                 6              (6)
       NZD accounts payable             (485)             (49)               49            (485)             (49)               49
       Total NZD                                          ($6)               $6                              ($6)               $6


       SGD cash                           308               31             (31)                1                 -                -
       SGD accounts payable              (35)               (4)               4                1                 -                -
       Total SGD                                           $27            ($27)                                 $-               $-


       EUR cash                           144               14             (14)               64                 6              (6)
       EUR accounts receivable            382               38             (38)               42                 4              (4)
       EUR accounts payable               (99)            (10)               10             (29)               (3)               3
       EUR bank finance liability       (193)             (19)               19            (193)             (19)               19
       Total EUR                                           $23            ($23)                             ($12)             $12


       YTL cash                           191               19             (19)                 -                -                -
       YTL accounts payable               (24)              (2)               2                 -                -                -
       Total YTL                                           $17            ($17)                                 $-               $-



   Interest Rate Risk

   The Group currently has no central overdraft or debt facility. The Group and Parent had cash deposits in various
   currencies at balance sheet date as follows:

                                                                                    2013                           2012
   CONSOLIDATED                                                         Local             NZD            Local           NZD
   $000s                                                               Currency         Equivalent      Currency       Equivalent

   NZD                                                                       241              241             365             365
   EUR                                                                         49              83               90            144
   USD                                                                     2,117            2,581             677             825
   SGD                                                                         35              34             309             308
   MXN                                                                       134               13                  -              -
   YTL                                                                         55              31             281             191
   Other                                                                            -            1              18              36
   Total                                                                                   $2,984                          $1,869




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2013      43
      3. Financial Risk Management (continued)

      (a) Market risk (continued)

                                                                                          2013                        2012
          PARENT COMPANY                                                        Local           NZD         Local            NZD
          $000s                                                                Currency       Equivalent   Currency        Equivalent

          NZD                                                                       241             241         365              365
          EUR                                                                        48              81            64            103
          USD                                                                     1,784           2,175         263              320
          Other                                                                           -            1             3              5
          Total                                                                                  $2,498                         $793

          The impact of a 1% increase / decrease in interest rates over a one year period on the closing cash balance
          would result in an increase / decrease in consolidated pre-tax profit and equity of $30,000 (December 2012 -
          $19,000). 1% was chosen as a reasonable sensitivity given changeable interest rate markets.

      (b) Credit Risk
          Credit risk is managed on a Group basis. The Group generally trades with customers and banking
          counterparties who are well established. While there are individually significant customers, the Company and
          Group utilise an insured trade credit facility for several of its major customers in order to provide better security.
          The Group is also exposed to credit risk relating to component suppliers for which the Group has sold input
          components for the assembly of its products. Receivables balances are managed by and reported regularly
          to senior management according to the Company’s credit management policies and procedures. The amount
          outstanding at balance sheet date represents the maximum exposure to credit risk.
          The Group enters into foreign exchange derivatives within specified policy limits and only with counter-parties
          approved by directors.
          Cash and cash equivalents of the Company and Group are deposited with a number of trading banks in New
          Zealand and overseas. $1,770,000 is deposited with a major NZ trading bank with a Standard and Poors rating
          of AA-, $92,000 with a major Singapore trading bank and $721,000 with Western Union. $146,000 is deposited
          with a Turkish bank with a Standard and Poors rating of BB+. Of the remaining balance, $248,000 is held
          across a number of territories and non-performance of obligations by the relevant banks is not expected due to
          the credit rating of the counter parties considered.

      (c) Liquidity Risk
          The Company and Group maintain regular forecasts of liquidity based on expected cash flows. The table below
          analyses the Company’s and Group’s financial liabilities into relevant groups based on the remaining period at
          the reporting date to the end of the contractual date. The amounts disclosed are the contractual undiscounted
          cash flows.
                                                                 2013                                       2012
          CONSOLIDATED                         Less than 6     7 to 12       More than 12 Less than 6      7 to 12        More than 12
          $000's                                 months        months          months       months         months           months

          Financial liabilities
          Trade and other payables                  7,032                -                -       6,954               -             -
          Bank finance facilities                         -              -                -       1,233               -             -
          Finance lease liability                         -              -                -            4              -             -
                                                   $7,032               $-            $-         $8,191            $-              $-




44 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
3. Financial Risk Management (continued)

(c) Liquidity risk (continued)

                                                             2013                                       2012
   PARENT COMPANY                       Less than 6         7 to 12       More than 12   Less than 6   7 to 12       More than 12
   $000's                                 months            months          months         months      months          months

   Financial liabilities
   Trade and other payables                  6,892                    -             -         6,396              -             -
   Bank finance facilities                           -                -             -         1,228              -             -
   Finance lease liability                           -                -             -             4              -             -
                                           $6,892                   $-             $-       $7,628             $-             $-

   The table below analyses derivative financial instruments that are settled net and all gross settled derivatives
   into their relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at balance date to the contracted maturity
   date. The amounts disclosed are the contracted undiscounted cash flows.

   CONSOLIDATED & PARENT                 Liability          Asset
   COMPANY                               carrying          carrying       Contracted     Less than 6   6 to 12       More than 12
   $000's                                amount            amount         cash flows       months      months          months

   2013
   Forward foreign exchange
                                                     -              31
      contracts
   - Outflow                                                                   (969)         (969)               -             -
   - Inflow                                                                    1,000         1,000               -             -

                                         Liability
   $000's                                carrying        Asset carrying Contracted       Less than 6   6 to 12       More than 12
                                         amount             amount      cash flows         months      months          months

   2012
   Forward foreign exchange
                                                (2)                   -
      contracts
   - Outflow                                         -                -        1,072          1,072              -             -
   - Inflow                                          -                -        1,077          1,077              -             -

(d) Capital risk management
   The Company’s objectives when managing capital is to safeguard the Company’s ability to continue as a
   going concern in order to provide returns to shareholders and benefits to other stakeholders and to maintain an
   optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital (refer to note 2(a)).
   The Company currently monitors capital on the basis of cash requirements and, in order to maintain or adjust
   the capital structure, generally issues new shares to investors through rights issues or institutional placements.
   The Group and the Company have not been subject to any externally imposed capital requirements during the
   period.

(e) Fair values
   The carrying value of all balance sheet financial instruments approximates their fair value. Derivatives are carried
   at fair value. Receivables and payables are short term in nature and therefore approximate to their fair value.
   Interest bearing bank deposits and bank finance facilities re-price between every 1 to 90 days and are therefore
   approximate to their fair value.
   The Group’s derivatives are over-the-counter derivatives and are classified as tier 2 financial instruments under
   NZIFRS 7, meaning that their fair value is estimated using present value and other valuation techniques based
   on observable market rates.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2013      45
      4.	Financial instruments by category

                                                             CONSOLIDATED           PARENT COMPANY
                                                            2013        2012        2013        2012
         Assets per Statements of Financial Position
                                                            $000s       $000s       $000s       $000s

         Loans and Receivables
         Trade and other receivables                          7,567       8,190       2,440       1,823
         Cash and cash equivalents                            2,984       1,869       2,498        793
         Advances to subsidiaries                                   -           -     4,612       8,505
         Derivative financial instruments                       31              -       31              -
                                                            $10,582     $10,059     $9,581      $11,121


         Liabilities per Statements of Financial Position

         Amortised cost
         Trade and other payables                             7,032       6,954       6,892       6,396
         Bank finance facility                                      -     1,233             -     1,228
         Finance lease liability                                    -           4           -           4
                                                             $7,032      $8,191     $6,892       $7,628




46 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
5. Critical accounting estimates and judgEments
  Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
  including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
  Critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements
  The Company makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates
  will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a
  significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
  financial year are discussed below.

  (i) Going Concern Assumption
  Refer note 2(a) in relation to the adoption of the going concern assumption.

  (ii) Inventory Provisions- $1,080,000 (2012 - $1,481,000)
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Management are required to make
  judgements about expected selling prices.

  (iii) Warranty Provision - $286,000 (2012 - $529,000)
  Provisions for warranties are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as
  a result of past events; it is more likely than not that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the
  obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. The terms of the warranty provide that the Company
  will repair or replace items that fail to perform satisfactorily. A provision has been recognised based on
  historical data and average levels of repairs and warranty claims experienced by the Group with respect to
  similar products. It is expected that the provision will be utilised within one year (refer to note 21).
  (iv) Development Costs- $936,000 (2012 - $314,000)
  Development costs are capitalised once it can be demonstrated that the asset is supported by future economic
  benefits (refer note 2(i)). These projects are assessed for impairment annually in accordance with the
  accounting policies (refer note 2(o)) which require estimates of future cash flows. An impairment charge arose
  during 2012 of $950,000 following the decision not to proceed with certain projects, representing the write off of
  costs previously capitalised (refer note 17).
  (v) Receivables and provision for doubtful debts - $161,000 (2012: $329,000)
  The Group performs ongoing reviews of the bad debt risk within its receivables and makes provisions to reflect
  its views of the financial condition of its customers and their ability to pay in full for amounts owing for goods
  provided. This determination requires significant judgement. In making this judgement, the Group evaluates
  amongst other factors whether there is objective evidence of significant financial difficulty of the customer,
  whether there has been breach of contract such as default in payment terms, whether it has become probable
  that the customer will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation, the disappearance of an active
  market for that customer because of financial difficulties, and national or local economic conditions that could
  impact on the customer.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2013   47
      6. Segment Information
      (a) Reportable segments
         At 31 December 2013, the Group is organised on a global basis into one operating segment: marketing, selling,
         manufacturing and developing electric motors and associated electronics and software. The segment result is
         reflected in the financial statements.
      (b) Geographical segments
         The Group operates in four main geographical areas, even though it is managed on a global basis. The home
         country of the Company, and the home of the parent company, is New Zealand. The Group’s revenue is
         generated mainly from the manufacture and supply of electric motors by the Company.
                                                                          CONSOLIDATED
                                                                        2013          2012
         Revenue by Geographic Areas
                                                                        $000s         $000s

         New Zealand                                                            3           121
         Americas                                                        19,395        19,159
         Asia/Pacific - other                                              1,722           3,590
         Europe                                                            6,317       12,692
         Total                                                          $27,437       $35,562

         Revenue is allocated above based on the country in which the customer is located.

                                                                          CONSOLIDATED
                                                                        2013          2012
         Total Non-Current Assets                                       $000s         $000s

         New Zealand                                                       1,949           1,701
         America                                                                7            11
         Asia/Pacific - other                                                 19             45
         Europe                                                               16             16
         Total                                                           $1,991        $1,773

         Total assets are allocated based on where the owners of the assets are located.
         Major Customers
         Two major customers (each representing 10% or more of revenues), each account for revenues of $10,459,000,
         and $4,121,119 of total revenues (2012: two customers each with revenues of $11,171,000 and $4,845,000).

      7. REVENUE
                                                                          CONSOLIDATED             PARENT COMPANY
                                                                        2013          2012         2013        2012
                                                                        $000s         $000s        $000s       $000s

         Product revenue                                                 27,435        35,481       23,068      34,377
         Services revenue                                                       2            81            2        18
                                                                        $27,437       $35,562      $23,070     $34,395

      8. OTHER INCOME
                                                                          CONSOLIDATED             PARENT COMPANY
                                                                        2013          2012         2013        2012
                                                                        $000s         $000s        $000s       $000s

         Net foreign exchange gains                                         129             350            -      168
         Subvention payment received                                            -              -      281              -
         Other income                                                       382             143       398         146
                                                                           $511            $493      $679        $314




48 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
9. EXPENSES
                                                                     CONSOLIDATED         PARENT COMPANY
                                                                 2013         2012        2013        2012
                                                                 $000s        $000s       $000s       $000s

  Loss before income tax includes the following specific expenses:
  Depreciation (note 16)
     Plant and equipment                                               148          383      133         239
     Office equipment, furniture & fittings                             66          151       75           94
                                                                      $214      $534        $208        $333
  Employee benefits
     Wages and salaries                                               4,379     4,279       3,370       2,845
     Sick leave                                                         28           29       28           29
     Holiday pay                                                       279          250      267         249
     Employee share options expense                                    115          118      115         118
     Other short term employee related costs                           766          643      566         438
                                                                     $5,567   $5,319      $4,346      $3,679
  Auditor’s remuneration (PricewaterhouseCoopers)
     Audit services: Group                                              74           95       74           95
     Audit services: Subsidiaries                                       16           18           -           -
     Audit related services                                             11           20       11           20
                                                                      $101      $133         $85        $115
  Restructuring costs
     Onerous leases                                                     60          322       19         194
     Onerous supply contracts                                             -     (119)             -        76
                                                                       $60      $203         $19        $270


  Amortisation of intangible assets (note 17)                          304          391      293         388
  Impairment of plant and equipment (note 16)                             -         150           -      150
  Impairment of intangible assets (note 17)                            318      1,074        318        1,074
  Finance costs
     Interest expense                                                   24           51       20           49
  Doubtful debts (release) / expense (note 13)                        (146)         241      (31)          51
  Rental expense relating to operating leases                          461      1,018        421         478
  Gain / (loss) on disposal of plant and equipment                       3            -       (4)             -
  Net foreign exchange losses                                             -           -       97              -
  Development costs expensed                                           337          183      337         187
  Inventory (recovery)/write downs (note 15)                           (72)     (405)        395         118
  Impairment charge / (release) of subsidiary company
     advances                                                             -           -     (876)        960
  Impairment charge / (release) of subsidiary company
     investments                                                          -           -       19         (81)




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2013   49
      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

      (a) Income tax expense
         The taxation charge of $5,000 relates to an overseas subsidiary. No other taxation is payable (Dec 2012 -
         $14,000), as the Company and Group have tax losses available to carry forward and offset against current year
         taxable income.

      (b) Losses for tax purposes

                                                                              CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                            2013          2012          2013          2012
                                                                            $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

         Reported loss for period before tax                                (3,763)        (6,319)       (6,764)      (7,270)
         Non-deductible / non assessable items                                  (99)          131         (997)         1,010
         Less unrecognised timing differences                                 (536)           772           393         2,128
         Net loss for tax purposes                                          (4,398)        (5,416)       (7,368)      (4,132)
         Losses carried forward from prior years                           (84,453)      (78,536)      (70,646)      (64,382)
         Adjustment of prior periods                                            680          (964)        1,015       (2,132)
         Expired losses                                                             -         396               -             -
         Exchange adjustments                                                   385             67              -             -
         Losses available to carry forward to future years                ($87,786)     ($84,453)     ($76,999)     ($70,646)

         Of the total consolidated losses available to carry forward to future years. $2,763,000 (2012 - $2,887,000) arises
         in the U.S.A. and is subject to their continuity requirements. U.S.A. Federal tax losses expire after 15 to 20 years,
         depending on when those losses were incurred. During the 2013 year U.S.A. Federal tax losses of US$Nil
         expired (2012 - US$305,000).

      (c) Unrecognised deferred tax balances
         The Company and Group have not recognised income tax losses and temporary differences as a future income
         tax benefit due to the uncertainty of their recoverability in the immediate future. The losses available to be
         carried forward are subject to the shareholder continuity requirements of the New Zealand Income Tax Act 1994
         and the countries in which the losses have arisen. Further details can be found in Note 23.


      11. IMPUTATION CREDITS

         The Parent and the Group have no imputation credits available (2012 – $nil) and no movements occurred in the
         Imputation Credit Account (2012 – $nil).


      12. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                              CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                            2013          2012          2013          2012
                                                                            $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

         Cash on hand and at bank                                             1,040           469           735            88
         Call deposits                                                        1,867         1,323         1,686           628
         Short term bank deposits 3 to 12 months                                  77            77           77            77
         Cash and cash equivalents in cash the Cash Flow
                                                                             $2,984        $1,869        $2,498          $793
            Statement

         All short term bank deposits can be accessed within 3 months if necessary.




50 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
13. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                    CONSOLIDATED             PARENT COMPANY
                                                                  2013         2012          2013         2012
                                                                  $000s        $000s         $000s        $000s

  Net trade receivables
     Trade receivables - external                                   7,272         7,871        1,630        1,845
     Trade receivables - subsidiaries                                     -            -         827                -
     Provision for doubtful debts                                   (161)         (329)         (55)             (91)
                                                                    7,111         7,542        2,402        1,754
  Prepayments                                                         325          329           253             300
  VAT/GST refunds due                                                 356          473            38              46
  Income tax refund due                                                   3            -             -              -
  Other receivables                                                    97          175               -            23
                                                                   $7,892       $8,519        $2,693       $2,123

  The fair values of trade receivables approximate their carrying amounts. The fair values of loans to related
  parties approximate their face values because the loans are repayable on demand and are stated at net
  realisable value. At balance sheet date, trade and other receivables of $1,617,000 were past due but not
  considered impaired (2012 - $1,072,000). Of this amount $289,000 (2012: $304,000) was 3 months or more
  overdue.
  Individual receivables are assessed as impaired where customers have defaulted on payment terms and
  management has assessed the likelihood of recovery as remote. A full provision has been made against those
  individually impaired assets. For receivables that are neither past due nor impaired, management does not
  foresee any likelihood of default as the receivables are due from long-standing customers.

                                                                    CONSOLIDATED             PARENT COMPANY
                                                                  2013         2012          2013         2012
                                                                  $000s        $000s         $000s        $000s

  Provision for doubtful debts beginning of year                      329          172            91             125
  (Decrease) / Increase in provision                                (146)          241          (31)              51
  Bad debts written off                                                (9)         (79)           (6)            (79)
  Exchange adjustment                                                 (13)          (5)              1            (6)
  Provision for doubtful debts end of year                           $161         $329           $55             $91

  The movement in the provision for doubtful debts is recognised within 'Operating expenses' in the Statements of
  Comprehensive Income.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2013     51
      14. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                       CONSOLIDATED & PARENT
                                                                               Carrying Amount          Notional Contract Value
                                                                             2013          2012          2013          2012
                                                                             $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

         Forward foreign exchange contracts                                      $31             ($2)       $970        $1,076

         The majority of the Group’s revenue is invoiced in USD and the majority of the Group’s product and logistics
         costs are settled in USD. Head office and Engineering costs are largely NZD denominated. The Parent
         may hedge highly probable forecast NZD costs that are expected to occur at various dates over the next 6
         months. These contracts are timed to mature when the costs will be incurred. The forward currency contracts
         are considered to be highly effective as they are matched against forecast cash outflows with any gain/
         loss on contracts attributable to the hedged risk taken directly to equity and recycled to the Statements of
         Comprehensive Income in the following year when the contract is settled (refer note 26).


      15. INVENTORIES
                                                                               CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                             2013          2012          2013          2012
                                                                             $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

         Finished goods – at cost                                              2,566         3,335           360            946
         Work in progress – at cost                                            1,779         1,681         1,410          1,289
         Raw materials – at cost                                                 710             991         452            587
         Less inventory provisions                                           (1,080)        (1,481)         (319)         (259)
         Total inventories                                                   $3,975         $4,526        $1,903        $2,563

         Certain inventories are subject to retention of title clauses.

                                                                               CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                             2013          2012          2013          2012
                                                                             $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

         Inventory provision at commencement of year                         (1,481)        (2,760)         (259)         (472)
         Inventory scrapped                                                      275         1,209           321            201
         Recognised in the Income Statement                                       72             405        (395)         (118)
         Exchange adjustments                                                     54          (335)            14           130
         Inventory provision at end of year                                 ($1,080)      ($1,481)        ($319)         ($259)

         The reversal of inventory provision is attributable to the recovery of the inventory value as a result of sale and or
         use in manufacture.

         The cost of inventories recognised as an expense and included in cost of sales amounted to $21,384,000
         (2012: $29,659,000).




52 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
16. PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                             CONSOLIDATED                           PARENT COMPANY
                                 Plant &          Office     Total          Plant &        Office     Total
                                equipment      equipment                   equipment    equipment
                                               furniture &                              furniture &
                                                 fittings                                 fittings
                                 $000s           $000s       $000s          $000s         $000s       $000s

  At 31 December 2011
     Cost                           5,371          2,348       7,719           3,933         1,519      5,452
     Accumulated depreciation     (4,291)         (1,720)    (6,011)         (3,164)       (1,139)     (4,303)
     Exchange adjustment            (133)           (108)      (241)            (61)          (27)        (88)
     Net book amount                $947            $520     $1,467            $708          $353      $1,061

  Year ended 31 December 2012
     Opening net book amount         947              520      1,467            708            353      1,061
     Additions                       100               37        137              88            28        116
     Depreciation                   (383)           (151)      (534)           (239)          (94)      (333)
     Impairments                      (5)           (145)      (150)                -        (150)      (150)
     Disposals                      (181)            (24)      (205)           (111)              -     (111)
     Exchange adjustment             (44)            (86)      (130)            (40)          (19)        (59)
     Closing net book amount        $434            $151       $585            $406          $118        $524

  At 31 December 2012
     Cost                           4,819           2,234      7,053           3,774         1,547      5,321
     Accumulated depreciation
                                  (4,208)         (1,889)    (6,097)         (3,267)       (1,383)     (4,650)
     and impairments
     Exchange adjustment            (177)           (194)      (371)           (101)          (46)      (147)
     Net book amount                $434            $151       $585            $406          $118        $524

  Year ended 31 December 2013
     Opening net book amount         434             151        585             406            118        524
     Additions                        56               46       102               44            36            80
     Depreciation                   (148)            (66)      (214)           (133)          (75)      (208)
     Impairments                         -               -             -            -             -            -
     Disposals                       (12)            (35)       (47)                -             -            -
     Exchange adjustment                 -            (1)            (1)            1             -           1
     Closing net book amount        $330             $95       $425            $318            $79       $397

  At 31 December 2013
      Cost                         4,707           2,148      6,855            3,811         1,577      5,388
     Accumulated depreciation
                                  (4,200)        (1,858)     (6,058)         (3,393)       (1,452)     (4,845)
     and impairments
     Exchange adjustment            (177)          (195)       (372)           (100)          (46)      (146)
     Net book amount                $330             $95       $425            $318            $79       $397




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2013   53
      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                         Internally
                                        Generated
         CONSOLIDATED                  Development    Patents       Software       Other        Total
                                           costs
                                           $000s      $000s          $000s         $000s        $000s

         At 31 December 2011
            Cost                            5,131        1,614           387          162         7,294
            Accumulated amortisation       (3,506)       (818)         (307)          (70)      (4,701)
            Exchange adjustment             (197)         (42)            (6)         (18)        (263)
            Net book amount                $1,428        $754            $74          $74       $2,330

         Year ended 31 December 2012
            Opening net book amount         1,428          754            74               74     2,330
            Additions                          47          321                 6            1       375
            Amortisation                    (208)        (156)           (26)          (1)        (391)
            Impairments                     (950)         (57)                 -      (67)      (1,074)
            Exchange adjustment                (3)        (40)            (4)          (5)          (52)
            Closing net book amount          $314        $822            $50               $2   $1,188


         At 31 December 2012
            Cost                            4,228        1,878           393               96     6,595
            Accumulated amortisation       (3,714)       (974)         (333)          (71)      (5,092)
            Exchange adjustment             (200)         (82)           (10)         (23)        (315)
            Net book amount                  $314        $822            $50               $2   $1,188

         Year ended 31 December 2013
            Opening net book amount           314         822             50                2    1,188
            Additions                         766         151             13               64      994
            Amortisation                    (146)       (125)           (30)           (3)        (304)
            Impairments                          -      (318)                  -            -     (318)
            Exchange adjustment                 2               5         (1)               -           6
            Closing net book amount         $936         $535            $32          $63       $1,566

         At 31 December 2013
            Cost                            4,994       1,385            406          160        6,945
            Accumulated amortisation      (3,860)       (773)          (363)          (74)      (5,070)
            Exchange adjustment             (198)         (77)          (11)          (23)        (309)
            Net book amount                 $936         $535            $32          $63       $1,566




54 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
17. Intangible Assets (continued)

                                                    Internally
                                                   Generated
                                                  Development
   PARENT COMPANY
                                                      costs      Patents       Software       Other       Total

                                                     $000s        $000s         $000s         $000s       $000s

   At 31 December 2011
       Cost                                            5,131        1,614           379           77       7,201
       Accumulated amortisation                      (3,506)        (818)         (306)               -   (4,630)
       Exchange adjustment                             (197)         (42)            (6)          (5)       (250)
       Net book amount                                $1,428        $754            $67          $72      $2,321

   Year ended 31 December 2012
       Opening net book amount                         1,428          754            67           72       2,321
       Additions                                          47          321                 -           -      368
       Amortisation                                    (208)        (156)           (24)              -     (388)
       Impairments                                     (950)         (57)                 -      (67)     (1,074)
       Exchange adjustment                                (3)        (40)            (4)          (3)        (50)
       Closing net book amount                          $314        $822            $39           $2      $1,177

   At 31 December 2012
       Cost                                            4,228        1,878           379           10       6,495
       Accumulated amortisation                      (3,714)        (974)         (330)               -   (5,018)
       Exchange adjustment                             (200)         (82)           (10)          (8)       (300)
       Net book amount                                  $314        $822            $39           $2      $1,177

   Year ended 31 December 2013
       Opening net book amount                           314          822            39               2    1,177
       Additions                                         766          151            13           50         980
       Amortisation                                    (146)        (125)           (22)              -     (293)
       Impairments                                           -      (318)                 -           -     (318)
       Exchange adjustment                                   2             5              -           -           7
       Closing net book amount                          $936        $535            $30          $52      $1,553

   At 31 December 2013
       Cost                                            4,994        1,385           392           60       6,831
       Accumulated amortisation                       (3,860)       (773)         (352)               -   (4,985)
       Exchange adjustment                             (198)         (77)           (10)          (8)       (293)
       Net book amount                                  $936        $535            $30          $52      $1,553

   The remaining amortisation period of these intangibles varies between 9 months and 19 years. An impairment
   assessment of intangible assets is performed annually based on estimated future cash flows.
   Following a review of Wellington’s patent portfolio, the decision was made to relinquish some patents. This
   decision has resulted in impairment losses of $318,000 being recognised in the year ended 31 December 2013
   for the Parent and Group (2012: $57,000). In 2012, a review of Wellington’s product roadmap led to impairment
   of development assets of $950,000 for the Parent and Group.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2013   55
      18. SUBSIDIARIES
         The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries
         in accordance with the accounting policy described in Note 2b.

                                                                         Country of       Class of
                                                                                                          2013         2012
                                                                       incorporation      Shares

         Wellington Drive Sales Ltd                                   New Zealand        Ordinary        100%         100%
         Wellington Drive Technologies US, Inc                            USA            Ordinary        100%         100%
         Wellington Motor Teknolojileri San Tic Ltd Sti                  Turkey          Ordinary        99.4%        99.4%
         Wellington Italia Srl                                             Italy         Ordinary        100%         100%
         Wellington Drive Technologies Pte Ltd                         Singapore         Ordinary        100%         100%
         Wellington Manufacturing Group Singapore Pte Ltd              Singapore         Ordinary        100%         100%
         Wellington Latin America Services SA de CV                      Mexico          Ordinary        100%         100%
         Wellington Mexico Tecnologia SA de CV                           Mexico          Ordinary        100%           -

         All subsidiaries have a common balance date of 31 December.
         Wellington Mexico Tecnologia SA de CV was incorporated in July 2013.


      19. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                              CONSOLIDATED                PARENT COMPANY
                                                                            2013           2012          2013         2012
                                                                            $000s          $000s         $000s        $000s

         Trade payables                                                       5,995          6,002         5,813        5,704
         Intercompany payables – refer note 29(d)                                    -               -       182               -
         Related party payables – refer note 29(d)                                 593         388           593            379
         Accrued expenses                                                          205          26           107            128
         Employee expenses                                                         239         538           197            185
                                                                             $7,032         $6,954        $6,892       $6,396


      20. BANK FINANCE FACILITIES

                                                                              CONSOLIDATED                PARENT COMPANY
                                                                            2013           2012          2013         2012
                                                                            $000s          $000s         $000s        $000s

         Bank finance facilities (secured)                                          $-      $1,233               $-    $1,228

         The advances were secured by way of a debenture security over the Company’s assets. Interest was payable
         at EURO/USD bank rates plus 2%. The facility was withdrawn in 2013 and all outstanding amounts paid in full.




56 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
21. PROVISIONS

                                                                       CONSOLIDATED               PARENT COMPANY
                                                                     2013           2012         2013          2012
                                                                     $000s          $000s        $000s         $000s

  Restructuring provisions                                                195           479            71           270
  Warranty provisions                                                     286           529           286           529
                                                                        $481         $1,008         $357          $799

  (a) Restructuring provisions

  Carrying amount at start of year                                        479         1,510           270           437
  Additional provisions recognised                                        143           398            19           270
  Amounts used                                                          (343)       (1,273)         (219)         (438)
  Unused amounts reversed                                                (83)         (195)              -              -
  Exchange adjustment                                                      (1)           39              1              1
                                                                        $195           $479           $71         $270

  In August 2011, the Company announced a plan to restructure its operations. Further restructuring initiatives
  resulted from the review of the business undertaken since the appointment of the new CEO. As a result
  provisions have been made to recognise the costs expected to be incurred as a result of the restructuring
  including redundancies, onerous lease costs and onerous supply contracts. The provisions are expected to be
  utilised within one year of balance date.

  (b) Warranty provisions

                                                                       CONSOLIDATED               PARENT COMPANY
                                                                     2013           2012         2013          2012
                                                                     $000s          $000s        $000s         $000s

  Carrying amount at start of year                                        529         1,148           529         1,148
  Additional provisions recognised                                        504           597           504           597
  Amounts used                                                          (144)         (351)         (144)         (351)
  Unused amounts reversed                                               (607)         (784)         (607)         (784)
  Exchange adjustment                                                        4          (81)             4         (81)
  Carrying amount at end of year                                        $286           $529         $286          $529

  The Group sells electric motors with warranty periods of up to three years. The terms of the warranty provide
  that the Group will repair or replace items that fail to perform satisfactorily. A provision has been recognised
  based on historical data and average levels of repairs and warranty claims experienced by the Group. It is
  expected that the provision will be utilised within one year as any product failures are typically exhibited within
  one year of sale.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2013    57
      22.	FINANCE LEASE LIABILITIES
         Commitments in relation to finance leases are payable as follows:
                                                                                CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                              2013          2012          2013          2012
                                                                              $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

         Within one year                                                              -             5             -             5
         Later than one year but not later than five years                            -             -             -              -
         Future finance charges                                                       -          (1)              -            (1)
         Recognised as a liability                                                    -           $4              -            $4

         Disclosed as:
         Current portion                                                              -             4             -             4
         Non-current portion                                                          -             -             -              -
         Recognised as a liability                                                    -           $4              -            $4

         Lease liabilities are effectively secured as the rights to the leased asset revert to the lessor in the event of
         default. The net book value of leased assets at 31 December 2013 is $Nil (2012 - $Nil).


      23. DEFERRED TAX
                                                                                CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                              2013          2012          2013          2012
                                                                              $000s         $000s         $000s         $000s

         Unrecognised deferred tax assets
         Doubtful debts                                                            40             92            15             26
         Inventory provisions                                                     155           415             89             73
         Employee benefits                                                        202           138           202             138
         Other timing differences                                                  99           498             99            373
         Tax losses to carry forward                                          24,580         23,647        21,561           19,781
         Unrecognised net deferred tax asset                                 $25,076        $24,790       $21,966       $20,391

         Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset and they
         relate to the same tax authority.
         New Zealand corporate tax rate of 28% has been used to determine the above deferred tax balances.
         The Company and Group recognise possible unused tax losses and temporary differences only if it is probable
         that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary tax differences and losses.




58 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
24. CONTRIBUTED EQUITY

                                                                   2013              2012           2013             2012
  CONSOLIDATED & PARENT
                                                                  Shares            Shares          $000s            $000s

  Ordinary shares – fully paid                                  126,058,703        80,766,450        114,289          108,495
  Ordinary shares – partly paid                                   3,790,659         1,959,926                19              49
  US employee share options                                        288,647             37,500                  -               -
  Share warrants                                                  5,300,000                    -               -               -
  Total ordinary shares and options on issue                    135,438,009        82,763,876       $114,308         $108,544

  (a) Ordinary shares – fully paid
  Opening balance of ordinary shares on issue                    80,766,450        67,366,450        108,495          106,456
  Issues of ordinary shares during the year:
    • March 2013 issues at 13 cents for cash                     16,000,002                    -       2,080                   -
    • May 2013 Share Purchase Plan at 13 cents
                                                                  3,923,021                    -            510                -
      for cash
    • June 2013 issues at 13 cents for cash                      14,769,230                    -       1,920                   -
    • September 2013 placement at 15.5 cents for
                                                                 10,600,000                    -       1,643                   -
      cash to East West Manufacturing
    • October 2012 issue at 15.5 cents for cash                              -     13,400,000                  -           2,077
    • Share issue costs                                                      -                 -        (359)               (38)
  Ordinary fully paid shares on issue at year end               126,058,703        80,766,450       $114,289         $108,495

  All ordinary shares are authorised and have no par value. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in
  dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of and amounts paid
  on shares held.

  (b) Ordinary shares – partly paid
     Partly paid shares outstanding at start of year              1,959,926         2,195,641                49              63
     Issues of partly paid shares during the year:                2,443,330                    -             12                -
     Lapsed                                                       (612,597)         (235,715)               (42)            (14)
     Surrendered                                                             -                 -                               -
     Ordinary part paid shares on issue at year end               3,790,659         1,959,926               $19             $49


                                                                                       Balance
                                                                     Partly paid      payable on    Outstanding    Outstanding
    Issue Date     Earliest date      Expiry       Share hurdle      share price       exercise       at 2013         at 2012
                    to exercise    exercise date   price (cents)       (cents)          (cents)      (numbers)      (numbers)
                                                   1.                1.               1.
  10 Aug 2010 10 Aug 2013 10 Aug 2015                   163.35            163.35           163.35       -           537,597
   21 Jul 2011   21 Jul 2014       21 Jul 2016          32.74             32.74            32.24        -           75,000
   6 Dec 2011    6 Dec 2013        6 Dec 2015           25.56             25.56            25.06    1,347,329      1,347,329
  15 Apr 2013 15 Apr 2015 15 Apr 2017                   17.25             17.25            16.75    807,665            -
  24 Jun 2013 24 Jun 2016 24 Jun 2018                   16.29             16.29            15.79    1,635,665          -

  A Partly Paid Share Scheme was established in June 2008, to enable certain employees to acquire shares in the
  Company. Under the Scheme the issue price is the calculated as the weighted average of the market price over
  the 10 trading days prior to the issue date, plus 20% where the earliest exercise date is 2 years after issue, or
  30% where the earliest exercise date is 3 years after issue. 0.5 cents per part-paid share is required to be paid
  on issue. After the earliest date to exercise, provided the market price for the Company’s shares is, at that date,
  equal to or greater than the hurdle price stated above (and on or before 2 years after the earliest exercise date),
  employees can settle the unpaid balance of their part-paid shares and transfer the shares to their name or the
  name of their nominated trustee.



                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2013   59
      24. Contributed Equity (continued)
         Wellington Drive Technologies Share Scheme Trustee Limited (WSST) acts as trustee holding the part-paid
         shares on behalf of employees. These partly paid shares are not quoted on the NZX and are not tradable.
         Mr Greg Allen, the Company’s Chief Executive, was issued 1,347,329 part paid shares in December 2011 and a
         further 807,665 part paid shares in April 2013 that have a two year vesting period.
         Directors have agreed the 1,347,329 part paid shares issued in December 2011 to Mr Allen, have satisfied the
         hurdle price requirements of the Scheme. Mr Allen has until December 2015 to take up his entitlements to the
         1,347,329 shares and settle the balance of the issue price of 25.06 cents per share due in respect of the shares
         plus any holding cost applicable under the Scheme.
         Fair value is assessed at the date that the partly paid shares or share options are granted using a binomial
         option pricing model that takes into account the exercise price, the three year term of the partly paid shares or
         options, the exercise criteria, the likelihood of staff turnover, the non-tradable nature of the partly paid share or
         option, the share price at the issue or grant date, the volatility of the returns on the underlying share and the risk-
         free interest rate for the term of the partly paid share or option.
         The model inputs for partly paid shares issued were as follows:
                                                                                                        2013 issues             2011 issue

           • Market price or “hurdle price” required to enable the partly paid                        16.29 - 17.25                 25.56
             shares to be exercised:                                                                          cents                 cents
           • Expected volatility of the Company’s shares:                                                      52.7%                 60%
           • Risk-free interest rate:                                                                          2.87%                 2.5%
           • Expected term:                                                                               2 - 3 years             2 years

      (c) U.S. employee share options (numbers)
                                                                                                          2013          2012
                                                                                                      Share Options Share Options

             Options outstanding at start of period                                                           37,500               37,500
             Issues of U.S. employee options during the year:                                                288,647                     -
             Lapsed                                                                                         (37,500)                     -
             Outstanding at end of period                                                                    288,647               37,500

         The Annual Meeting held in June 2010 approved the establishment of the United States Share Option Plan
         and authorised the Board to issue up to 3,000,000 options. All options must be exercised within 12 months
         after a period of three years from the date on which the options are issued. The price at which options can be
         exercised under the United States Share Option Plan is the closing sales price on the date of the grant plus a
         30% premium. Further details of share options granted are summarised below:

                                                                              Outstanding at          Outstanding at
                                                         Exercise price           2013                    2012
              Grant Date            Expiry date            (cents) 1            (numbers)              (numbers)
                                                             1.
            10 Aug 10              10 Aug 14                      247                           -              37,500
           24 Jun 2013            24 Jun 2017                 16.9                    288,647                          -
                                                                                      288,647                  37,500

         The model inputs for partly paid shares issued were as follows:
                                                                                                         2013 issue             2010 issue
                                                                                                                           1.
           • Market price or “hurdle price” required (being the issue price plus                          16.9 cents            247 cents
             30%), to enable the partly paid shares to be exercised:
           • Expected volatility of the Company’s shares                                                        52.7%                42%
           • Risk-free interest rate:                                                                           2.87%                4.2%
           • Expected term:                                                                                   3 years             3 years

         1. Issue price adjusted for impact 20 for 1 share consolidation in June 2011. In August 2013 these share options failed to meet the price hurdle
         under the Scheme and have been lapsed.




60 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
24. Contributed Equity (continued)

(d) Share warrants (numbers)
                                                                      2013          2012

       Warrants outstanding at start of year                                  -             -
       Issues of warrants during the year:                         5,300,000                -
       Exercised or lapsed during the year                                    -             -
       Outstanding at end of year                                  5,300,000                -

   In September 2013, Wellington issued 5,300,000 share warrants to East West Manufacturing LLC. Terms of the
   warrants allow East West to acquire additional share capital in Wellington at 20 cents per share by September 2015.

25. ACCUMULATED LOSSES
                                                                        CONSOLIDATED                PARENT COMPANY
                                                                      2013          2012           2013        2012
                                                                      $000s         $000s          $000s       $000s

   Opening balance                                                   (99,004)      (92,671)        (99,020)    (91,750)
       Loss for the year                                              (3,768)        (6,333)        (6,764)     (7,270)
       Surrendered & lapsed employee share option scheme
                                                                          252                -         252               -
       benefits
   Accumulated losses at end of year                              ($102,520)      ($99,004)      ($105,532)   ($99,020)


26. OTHER RESERVES
                                                                        CONSOLIDATED                PARENT COMPANY
                                                                      2013          2012           2013        2012
                                                                      $000s         $000s          $000s       $000s

       Share option compensation reserve                                  121           258            121         258
       Currency translation reserve                                   (2,580)       (2,310)         (2,409)     (2,443)
       Hedging reserve                                                       31            (2)          31           (2)
                                                                     ($2,428)      ($2,054)        ($2,257)    ($2,187)


   (a) Share Option Compensation Reserve
       Share based compensation recognised at start of year               258           140            258         140
       Net compensation expensed                                          115           118            115         118
       Surrendered & lapsed share option scheme transferred
       to accumulated losses                                            (252)                -        (252)              -
                                                                         $121          $258           $121        $258

   A description of the Wellington Partly Paid Share Scheme and Employees Share option Plan (ESOP) is provided
   in Notes 24(b) and 24(c) above.
   (b) Currency Translation Reserve
       Opening balance                                                (2,310)       (1,564)         (2,443)     (1,832)
       Movements for the year                                           (270)         (746)             34        (611)
                                                                     ($2,580)      ($2,310)        ($2,409)    ($2,443)

   The Currency Translation Reserve comprises of all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of
   financial statements of foreign operations into New Zealand dollars.
   In the Parent, the Currency Translation Reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the
   translation of financial statements in its functional currency (US dollars) to New Zealand dollars for presentation
   purposes.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2013   61
      26. Other reserves (continued)

                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED           PARENT COMPANY
                                                                             2013            2012        2013        2012
         Operating leases
                                                                             $000s           $000s       $000s       $000s

             Opening balance                                                         (2)          56         (2)          56
             Cash flow hedge fair value gains/(losses) for the year                  33          (58)        33         (58)
             Tax on fair value (losses)/gains                                            -           -           -           -
                                                                                    $31          ($2)       $31         ($2)

         The Hedging Reserve records the portion of the gain or loss on a hedging derivative in a cash flow hedge. The
         amounts are recognised in the Statements of Comprehensive Income when the associated hedge transactions
         affect profit and loss.


      27. CONTINGENCIES
         There are no material contingent liabilities or assets (2012 - $nil).


      28. COMMITMENTS
         (a) Capital commitments
         Capital commitments at 31 December 2013 amounted to $402,000 (2012 - $nil).

         (b) Lease commitments : Group as lessee
         The Group leases various offices, facilities and equipment. The leases have varying terms, escalation clauses
         and renewal rights. On renewal, the terms of the leases are renegotiated.
                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED           PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                 2013        2012        2013        2012
         Operating leases
                                                                                 $000s       $000s       $000s       $000s

             Within one year                                                        453          817        299         562
             Later than one year but not later than five years                    1,227          186       1,182        140
             Later than five years                                                       -           -           -           -
                                                                                 $1,680       $1,003      $1,481       $702




62 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
29. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  (a) Directors
  The names of persons who are directors of the Company are on page 66.

  (b) Key management personnel and compensation
  Key management personnel compensation for the years ended 31 December 2012 and 2013 is set out below.
  The key management personnel comprises the Directors including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all the
  senior executives who report directly to the CEO.

                                                                     CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                   2013           2012        2013         2012
                                                                   $000s          $000s       $000s        $000s

     Salaries, fees and other short term benefits                    1,291          1,566       1,291          1,017
     Share based remuneration                                            92           89           92              89
     Directors’ remuneration                                           164           162          164             162
     Bonuses                                                           416           288          416             288
     Total                                                          $1,963        $2,105       $1,963       $1,556

  The Individual Employment Contract between the Company and the Chief Executive Officer, Mr Greg Allen
  provides that 1% of the then listed share capital of the Company shall be issued as part paid shares (in
  accordance with the Partly Paid Share Scheme refer note 24(b)) for each of the financial years 2013, 2014 and
  2015, subject to agreed performance hurdles.

  (c) Transactions
  During the year the Parent purchased and sold stock to and from its subsidiaries and advanced loans to its
  subsidiaries. These transactions and balances are by way of internal current accounts that are set out below.
  In presenting the financial statements of the Group, the effect of these transactions and balances between
  subsidiaries and those with the Parent have been eliminated.
  The main transactions between the Parent and its subsidiaries involve:
  • Sales of product and components by the Parent to its marketing subsidiaries; Wellington Drive Sales Ltd,
    Wellington Drive Technologies US, Inc., Wellington Motor Tecnolojileri San Tic Ltd Sti and Wellington Drive
    Technologies Group Singapore Pte Ltd;
  • Tax subvention payment from Wellington Drive Sales Ltd to the Parent;
  • Purchases of sales and marketing services from Wellington Tecnolojileri San Tic Ltd; and
  • Purchases of supply chain management services from Wellington Manufacturing Group Singapore Pte Ltd.

  The following transactions occurred with related parties during the year:

                                                                     CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                   2013           2012        2013         2012
                                                                   $000s          $000s       $000s        $000s

     Revenue – subsidiaries                                                   -           -    23,077          9,885
     Purchases – subsidiaries                                                 -           -       297       11,084
     Other income – subsidiaries                                              -           -       679               -
     Other expenses – subsidiaries                                            -           -     1,419             867
     Operating cash inflows - subsidiaries                                    -           -    26,558          5,766
     Operating cash outflows – subsidiaries                                   -           -    (1,123)    (10,251)
     Investment in subsidiaries                                               -           -       (19)              -




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2013    63
      29. Related party transactions (continued)

          (d) Outstanding balances
          The following balances are outstanding at the reporting date in relation to transactions with related parties:
                                                                              CONSOLIDATED                   PARENT COMPANY
                                                                            2013          2012               2013         2012
                                                                            $000s         $000s              $000s        $000s

          Trade receivables from subsidiaries                                       -             -             827               -
          Loans to subsidiaries                                                     -             -          14,289        19,057
          Provisions made in respect of loans to subsidiaries                       -             -          (9,677)      (10,552)
          Payables to subsidiaries                                                  -             -            (182)              -
          Payables to key management personnel                                 (593)         (388)             (593)         (379)

          (e) Terms and conditions
          All transactions were made on normal commercial terms and conditions and at market rates, except that there
          are no fixed terms for the repayment of loans between the parties.
          Outstanding balances are unsecured and are repayable on demand in cash.


      30. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (i) Basic
          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
          weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.
                                                                                                      2013               2012

          Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company                                   (3,768,000)             (6,333,000)
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                             107,850              70,588
          Basic earnings per share                                                            ( 3.49 cents)            (8.97 cents)

      (ii) Diluted
          Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
          outstanding to assume conversion of all share options. A calculation is made in order to determine the number
          of shares that could have been acquired at fair value (determined as the average annual market share price of
          the Company’s shares) based on the monetary value of the subscription rights attached to outstanding share
          options.
          The number of shares calculated as above is compared with the number of shares that would have been issued
          assuming the exercise of share options.
                                                                                                      2013               2012

          Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company                                   (3,768,000)             (6,333,000)
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                             107,850              70,588
          Adjustment for partly paids or share options                                                          -                 -
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings per share
             (thousands)                                                                              107,850               70,588
          Diluted earnings per share                                                           (3.49 cents)            (8.97 cents)




64 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
30. Earnings per share (continued)

   As at 31 December 2013, the following instruments existed that are, or were, potentially dilutive of future earnings
   per share, but were not included in the calculation of dilutive shares for that year because the effect in that year
   would have been antidilutive:
                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                  shares

   Part paid shares issued 15 April 2013                                            807,655
   Part paid shares issued 24 June 2013                                           1,635,665
   US employee share options                                                        288,647
   Share warrants issued to East West Manufacturing LLC                           5,300,000


31. RECONCILIATION OF LOSS AFTER TAX TO NET CASH OUTFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                       CONSOLIDATED              PARENT COMPANY
                                                                     2013           2012         2013          2012
                                                                     $000s          $000s        $000s         $000s

   Loss after taxation for the year                                  (3,768)         (6,333)      (6,764)       (7,270)
   Adjustments for:
   Depreciation and amortisation                                         518            925          501           721
   Impairment of plant, equipment & intangibles                          318          1,224          318         1,224
   Loss / (gain) on disposal of plant & equipment                            3               -        (4)              -
   Share based payments                                                  115            118          115           118
   Inventory provision movement (note 15)                              (401)         (1,279)          60          (213)
   Doubtful debts provision movement (note 13)                         (168)            157          (36)          (34)
   Impairment of subsidiary company advances                                 -               -     (876)           960
   Impairment of investments in subsidiaries                                 -               -        19           (81)
   Provision for warranty movement (note 21)                           (243)           (619)       (243)          (619)
   Provision for restructuring movement (note 21)                      (284)         (1,031)       (199)          (167)
   Net foreign exchange differences                                    (351)           (569)         (31)         (932)
   Decrease / (increase) in advances to subsidiaries                         -               -     4,768        (2,223)
   Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables                    795           (572)       (534)         3,437
   Decrease in inventories                                               952          7,697          600         2,990
   Increase / (decrease) in trade and other payables                      78         (3,171)         496        (1,278)
   Net cash outflow from operating activities                       ($2,436)        ($3,453)     ($1,810)      ($3,367)




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2013   65
     Directory

       Directors                                               Addresses
       Tony Nowell, Chairman                                   21 Arrenway Drive
       Shawn Beck                                              North Harbour, Auckland 0632, New Zealand
       Lisbeth Jacobs                                          PO Box 302-533, North Harbour
       Gottfried Pausch                                        Auckland 0751, New Zealand
       Simon Mander
                                                               Registered Office
       Senior Staff                                            21 Arrenway Drive
       Greg Allen, Chief Executive Officer                     North Harbour, Auckland 0632, New Zealand
       Steven Hodgson, Senior Vice President Commercial
       David Howell, Chief Technical Officer                   Auditor
       Howard Milliner, Chief Financial Officer                PricewaterhouseCoopers
       Ali Karahasanoğlu, Sales Director, Europe / Eurasia     188 Quay Street, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
       Erick Layseca-Flores, Business Development
           Manager, Americas                                   Banker
       Clayton Thomas, Sales & Marketing Director, Asia /
                                                               Bank of New Zealand
           Pacific
       Gabriel Villalobos, Director of Finance
                                                               Share Registry
           Administration & Operations, Americas
       Gerardo Gonzalez, VP Intelligent Systems                Computershare Investor Services Ltd,
           Business Unit                                       Private Bag 92119, Auckland 1142
       Ron Jackson, Secretary                                  New Zealand


       Phone/Fax
       Ph: 64-9-477 0415
       Fax: 64-9-479 5540

       Internet
       Website: www.wdtl.com
       Email: info@wdtl.com




                                             Annual Report 2013


                                                www.wdtl.com
                                                     WT8471
                                                                                                             www.sussexdesign.com




66
