2023   ANNUAL REPORT
       年報
CONTENTS
Page

2      Company Profile

3      Definitions

6      Corporate Information

8      Chairwoman’s Statement

10     Financial Highlights

11     Management Discussion and Analysis

35     Directors and Senior Management

41     Report of Directors

76     Corporate Governance Report

93     Independent Auditor’s Report

99     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
       Other Comprehensive Income

101    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

103    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

105    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

107    Notes to Financial Statements

180    Five-Year Financial Summary
    COMPANY PROFILE


    Akeso, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the research, development, manufacturing and
    commercialization of innovative antibody drugs that are affordable to patients worldwide. Since the Company’s
    inception, the Company has established an end-to-end comprehensive drug development platform (ACE Platform),
    encompassing fully integrated drug discovery and development functions, including target validation, antibody drug
    discovery and development, CMC production process development, and GMP compliant production. The Company
    has also successfully developed a bi-specific antibody drug development technology (Tetrabody technology),
    which helps us overcome three CMC challenges in the development and manufacture of bi-specific antibodies,
    including low expression levels, process development hurdles, and antibody stability and druggability. The
    Company currently has a pipeline of over 50 innovative programs covering the areas of oncology, autoimmune and
    metabolic diseases. 19 of these products are in the clinical trial stage (including 31 marketed products, and 42
    outlicensed products) and 6 of which are potential first-in-class or best-in-class bi-specific antibodies. The
    Company’s vision is to become a global leading biopharmaceutical company through research and development of
    highly effective and innovative new drugs that are either first-in-class or best-in-class therapies.




    1    開坦尼® (cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-4), ANNIKO® (penpulimab, PD-1) and 普佑恒™ (pucotenlimab, PD-1), which was licensed out by the Group
         and developed by Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd (stock code: 2157.HK)
    2    Including AK107, which was licensed out to MSD, 普佑恒™ (pucotenlimab, PD-1), which was licensed out to Lepu Biopharma Co., Ltd (stock
         code: 2157.HK), tagitanlimab (PD-1), which was licensed out to Kelun Pharmaceutical (stock code: 002422.SS) and ivonescimab (AK112,
         PD-1/VEGF), which was licensed out to SUMMIT (NASDAQ: SMMT)




2   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                      DEFINITIONS


In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the following
meanings.

“AACR”                                  American Association for Cancer Research

“安尼可®”, “Penpulimab” or “AK105”         Penpulimab antibody injection, a new PD-1 monoclonal antibody with
                                        IgG1 subtype and Fc segment modification, which is structurally stable
                                        and less prone to aggregation

“ASCO”                                  American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting


“ASCO GI”                               Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium

“Audit Committee”                       the audit committee of the Board

“Board of Directors” or “Board”         the board of Directors

“BVI”                                   British Virgin Islands

“CDE”                                   Center for Drug Evaluation of NMPA

“CG Code”                               the “Corporate Governance Code” as contained in Appendix C1 (formerly
                                        known as Appendix 14) to the Listing Rules

“Chia Tai Tianqing”                     Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (正大天晴藥業集團股份
                                        有限公司), a subsidiary of Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited (the shares of
                                        which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
                                        1177)) and a shareholder of CTTQ-Akeso, a non-wholly owned and
                                        significant subsidiary of the Group

“China” or “PRC”                        the People’s Republic of China, which, for the purpose of this annual
                                        report and for geographical reference only, excludes Hong Kong, Macau
                                        and Taiwan

“Company”, “our Company”                Akeso, Inc. (康方生物科技(開曼)有限公司), an exempted company with
                                        limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on
                                        January 30, 2019

“CRO”                                   contract research organization

“CTTQ-Akeso”                            CTTQ-Akeso (Shanghai) Biomed. Tech. Co., Ltd. (正大天晴康方(上海)生物
                                        醫藥科技有限公司), a limited liability company incorporated under the law
                                        of the PRC on August 30, 2019, one of the Group’s non-wholly owned and
                                        significant subsidiaries

“Director(s)”                           the director(s) of the Company

“EMA”                                   European Medicines Agency




                                                                               Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.    3
    Definitions




    “EADV”                               European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology

    “ESMO”                               European Society for Medical Oncology

    “FDA”                                the Food and Drug Administration of the United States

    “GMP”                                good manufacturing practice

    “Group”, “our Group”, “our”, “we”,   the Company and all of its subsidiaries, or any one of them as the context
      “us” or “Akeso Group”              may require or, where the context refers to any time prior to its
                                         incorporation, the business which its predecessors or the predecessors
                                         of its present subsidiaries, or any one of them as the context may require,
                                         were or was engaged in and which were subsequently assumed by it

    “HCC”                                hepatocellular carcinoma

    “Hong Kong”                          the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

    “Hong Kong dollars” or               Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency of Hong
      “HK dollars” or “HK$”              Kong

    “IFRS”                               International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time
                                         by the International Accounting Standards Board

    “IND”                                investigational new drug or investigational new drug application, also
                                         known as clinical trial application in China or clinical trial notification in
                                         Australia

    “Independent Third Party” or         a person or entity who is not a connected person of the Company under
       “Independent Third Parties”       the Listing Rules

    “Listing Rules”                      the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                         Hong Kong Limited (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                                         from time to time)

    “Model Code”                         the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                         Issuers” set out in Appendix C3 (formerly known as Appendix 10) to the
                                         Listing Rules

    “NDA”                                new drug application

    “NMPA”                               the National Medical Products Administration of the PRC (國家藥品監督管
                                         理局) (formerly known as the China National Drug Administration and the
                                         China Food and Drug Administration)

    “NSCLC”                              non-small-cell lung cancer, any carcinoma (as an adenocarcinoma or
                                         squamous cell carcinoma) of the lungs that is not a small-cell lung
                                         carcinoma




4   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                       Definitions




“Pre-IPO RSU Scheme” or   the restricted share unit scheme approved and adopted by our Company
  “Restricted Share       on August 29, 2019 as amended from time to time, for the benefit of any
  Unit Scheme”            director, employee, adviser or consultant of the Company or any of our
                          subsidiaries

“Prospectus”              the prospectus of the Company dated April 14, 2020

“R&D”                     Research and Development

“Reporting Period”        the financial year ended December 31, 2023

“RMB”                     Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Share(s)”                ordinary share(s) with nominal value of US$0.00001 each in the share
                          capital of the Company

“Shareholder(s)”          holder(s) of the Share(s)

“SITC”                    Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer

“Stock Exchange”          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“TACE”                    transcatheter arterial chemoembolization

“United States”           the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                          subject to its jurisdiction

“US$”                     United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“%”                       per cent




                                                                   Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      5
    CORPORATE INFORMATION



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       AUDITOR
    Executive Directors                                      Ernst & Young
                                                             Certified Public Accountants
    Dr. XIA Yu
                                                             Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
      (Chairwoman, president, and chief executive officer)
                                                             27/F, One Taikoo Place
    Dr. LI Baiyong
                                                             979 King’s Road
    Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell
                                                             Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
    Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.)

    Non-executive Directors
                                                             LEGAL ADVISER
                                                             As to Hong Kong and United States laws:
    Dr. ZHOU Yi
                                                             Davis Polk & Wardwell
    Mr. XIE Ronggang

                                                             As to Cayman Islands law:
    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                             Campbells
    Dr. ZENG Junwen
    Dr. XU Yan                                               PRINCIPAL BANKS
    Mr. TAN Bo
                                                             In Hong Kong:
                                                             CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                             Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
    Mr. TAN Bo (Chairman)
    Dr. ZENG Junwen                                          In the PRC:
    Dr. XU Yan                                               Industrial and Commercial Bank of
                                                                China Limited, Zhongshan Branch
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                   China Merchants Bank, Zhongshan Branch
                                                             China Merchants Bank, Guangzhou Branch
    Dr. ZENG Junwen (Chairman)
                                                             Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Corporation
    Dr. XIA Yu
                                                                Limited, Guangzhou Branch
    Dr. XU Yan

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                     REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                             Floor 4, Willow House
    Dr. XIA Yu (Chairwoman)
                                                             Cricket Square
    Dr. ZENG Junwen
                                                             Grand Cayman KY1-9010
    Dr. XU Yan
                                                             Cayman Islands
    COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                             CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
    Mr. XI Xiaojie (Resigned on May 3, 2023)
                                                             No. 6, Shennong Road
    Ms. LEUNG Wai Yan
                                                             Torch Development Zone
                                                             Zhongshan City
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                             Guangdong Province 528437
    Dr. XIA Yu                                               PRC
    Ms. LEUNG Wai Yan




6   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                        Corporate Information




PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
IN HONG KONG
Room 1901, 19/F, Lee Garden One
33 Hysan Avenue
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong

CAYMAN ISLANDS SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Campbells Corporate Services Limited
Floor 4, Willow House
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-9010
Cayman Islands

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
9926

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.akesobio.com

LISTING DATE
April 24, 2020




                                                    Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.   7
    CHAIRWOMAN’S STATEMENT


    Dear Shareholders,

    I would like to express my sincere gratitude for your continuous trust and support to Akeso on behalf of the Board of
    Directors.

    In the year 2023, amidst the tide of epochal change, the momentum of innovation in China’s biopharmaceutical
    sector continued to surge. Facing these changes, Akeso relied on its robust in-house innovation capability, clear
    strategic layout and efficient execution to achieve breakthrough development in new drug research and
    development, clinical development, commercialization, corporate operation and management, and further enhanced
    the Company’s global competitiveness.

    We have become a more mature Biopharma. Since its establishment, Akeso has always positioned itself in the
    global pharmaceutical market based on the development level and efficiency of first-in-class/best-in-class innovative
    drugs. In 2023, the Company had three marketed drugs in commercialization stage, and eight registrational trials
    reached their primary endpoints, including the first-in-class bi-specific antibodies, ivonescimab (PD-1/VEGF) and 開
    坦尼® (PD-1/CTLA-4, cadonilimab). The New Drug Applications (NDA/sNDA) for seven indications of four new drugs
    are under review. Among the marketed products, 開坦尼® achieved sales of RMB1.36 billion in 2023, with cumulative
    sales amount exceeding RMB1.9 billion in 18 months since its launch, which not only demonstrated the significant
    value and potential of first-in-class bi-specific antibody drugs, but also validated and shaped the Company’s
    commercialization system.

    The two core bi-specific antibodies, ivonescimab (PD-1/VEGF) and 開坦尼®, are now undergoing a total of 12
    registrational Phase III clinical trials. With 開坦尼®, ivonescimab and 安尼可® covering more tumor indications and
    advancing into first-line therapies, as well as commercialization of products such as Ebdarokimab (IL-12/IL-23),
    Ebronucimab (PCSK9) and Gumokimab (IL-17) in non-tumor therapeutic area, and the successful completion of
    multiple registrational clinical trials, the Company’s commercial development has been infused with strong
    momentum. The Company as a whole will quickly transition to a higher development track and rapidly surpass the
    breakeven point, thereby becoming a mature biopharma.

    Our global advantage of bi-specific antibody development has become increasingly prominent. As now, the
    NDA of Ivonescimab, our second in-house developed first-in-class bi-specific antibody, for the treatment of
    advanced lung cancer has been successfully submitted and granted “Priority Review”. Ivonescimab is expected to
    obtain approval within 2024, hopefully becoming the world’s first approved bi-specific antibody with a tumor immune
    and anti-vascular mechanism. The sNDA of 開坦尼® , the marketed product, for the first line treatment of advanced
    gastric cancer has been accepted in January 2024. According to the results of its Phase III clinical study, 開坦尼®
    demonstrated superior efficacy in all comers of gastric cancer patients, regardless of PD-L1 expression/status. The
    results have been presented orally at the 2024 AACR conference and have received widespread attention from the
    global academic community. Four FIC/BIC bi-specific antibodies independently developed by the Company have all
    entered the clinical development stage. The Company has conducted over 80 combination therapy studies
    concentrating on 6 innovative bi-specific antibodies, including 4 phase III clinical studies which are evaluating the
    superiority versus globally leading (in terms of sales) PD-1 monoclonal antibody products, and 2 international
    multicenter clinical studies.

    The rapid construction of combination therapies for tumor based on innovative bi-specific antibody has facilitated
    the synergy in product portfolio of the Company, and fully enhanced the comprehensive value and competitiveness
    of the product portfolio on a global scale from the perspective of product lifecycle management.




8   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                    Chairwoman’s Statement




Our advantages in drug innovation and development are still expanding. Leveraging on the Company’s new
drug development, coverage and commercialization capabilities, the product pipeline of the Company can
effectively support Akeso’s future all-rounded, high-speed, and high-quality development. In the biopharmaceutical
industry driven by technological innovation, the coverage and development of new mechanisms, therapies, and
technologies have always been the competitive advantage of an enterprise. After gaining a first mover advantage in
the field of bi-specific antibody, we have made full coverage in areas such as antibody conjugation (ADC)
technology, mRNA technology, and cell therapy technology, which will provide guarantees for the Company’s global
competitive advantage in the future for a longer period of time.

Our advantages at the capability level of the overall organization system have become increasingly
prominent. It is not easy for us to achieve the current development performance in just 11 years, which is mainly
due to our internationalized strategic layout, leading R&D technology, and efficient development capability and
commercialization strength. The formation of these capabilities is based on our unique system of information
analysis and decision-making, technology application and enhancement, resource integration and synergy, and
team cohesion and motivation. As the revolution in the industry and the iteration in the market, the capability of
building an excellent organization system can ensure that enterprises continue to maintain a leading competitive
advantage.

Innovation drives market development and competition, and the era of China’s biopharmaceutical industry
development has arrived. The market of clinical application and the medical demand brings huge social and
commercial value, which drives the biopharmaceutical industry to accelerate into a new stage of real and
sustainable development of innovation in the long term.

Looking ahead, Akeso will always maintain an unparalleled enthusiasm for the medical career, an everlasting
curiosity for science, and more importantly, a belief and determination in the truth, so as to seek out the chances of
success that lie along with the daily efforts.




Dr. XIA Yu
Chairwoman, CEO, and president




                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      9
     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



     1. REVENUE
          The Group’s revenue increased by 440% from RMB837.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to
          RMB4,526.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the total
          sales generated from marketed products was approximately RMB1,631.1 million, including sales revenue of
          開坦尼® (cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-4) of RMB1,357.8 million, representing a significant year-on-year increase of
          149% as compared to approximately RMB546.3 million for the corresponding period in 2022. Besides, the
          Company recognized license income of RMB2,922.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, mainly
          because the Company received the upfront payment of the license agreement of ivonescimab (AK112, PD-1/
          VEGF) from Summit Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ: SMMT) (SUMMIT).

     2. GROSS PROFIT
          The Group’s gross profit increased by 491% from RMB743.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to
          RMB4,393.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. It was mainly attributable to the strong increase in
          the license income recognized by the Company.

     3. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
          For the reasons discussed above, profit for the year was RMB1,942.4 million for the year ended December 31,
          2023, as compared to loss of RMB1,422.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.




10   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Reporting Period, the Company recorded a revenue of approximately RMB4,526.3 million, as compared
to approximately RMB837.7 million for the corresponding period in 2022, representing a significant year-on-year
increase of 440%. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the total sales generated from marketed products was
approximately RMB1,631.1 million, including sales revenue of 開坦尼® (cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-4) of RMB1,357.8
million, representing a significant year-on-year increase of 149% as compared to approximately RMB546.3 million
for the corresponding period in 2022. Besides, the Company recognized license income of RMB2,922.8 million for
the year ended December 31, 2023, mainly because the Company received the upfront payment of the license
agreement of ivonescimab (AK112, PD-1/VEGF) from Summit Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ: SMMT) (SUMMIT). As a
result, the Company recorded annual profits for the first time, which rose significantly to approximately RMB1,942.4
million, as compared to a loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 of approximately RMB1,422.2 million.

As of the date of this report, 3 in-house developed innovative products of the Company have been commercialized,
and 3 New Drug Application (NDA) of ivonescimab, ebronucimab and ebdarokimab are under review by the
National Medical Products Administration (NMPA). The Company is expanding its commercialization-stage pipeline
portfolio, with a number of products achieving milestones during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.     11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     開坦尼® (cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-4)
     During the Reporting Period, the commercial performance of 開坦尼® (cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-4) remained
     excellent, achieving product sales of approximately RMB1,357.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2023,
     as compared to approximately RMB546.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a significant
     year-on-year increase of 149%. With outstanding clinical data and extensive clinical applications, 開坦尼® has been
     included in nearly ten definitive guidelines and expert consensus. During the Reporting Period, the results of nearly
     20 clinical studies covering various tumors of cadonilimab were published at the international academic conferences
     and journal articles. In terms of market access and channel coverage, the Company has been actively promoting
     the hospital admission and commercial insurance inclusion of 開坦尼®. Currently, 開坦尼® has been included in the
     commercial insurance and was covered by commercial insurance products, which has significantly improved the
     accessibility of the drug by patients.

     During the Reporting Period, major milestones were achieved in two Phase III clinical studies of cadonilimab. In
     November 2023, the Phase III clinical trial of cadonilimab in combination with chemotherapy as the first-line
     treatment of unresectable, locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction (G/GEJ)
     adenocarcinoma reached its primary endpoint of overall survival (OS) in the interim analysis. The results of this trial
     demonstrates a long-term survival benefit in all patients with gastric cancer regardless of PD-L1 expression. The
     Company had submitted supplemental new drug application (sNDA) for this indication in January 2024. In
     November 2023, the Phase III clinical trial of cadonilimab in combination with chemotherapy with or without
     bevacizumab as the first-line treatment for persistent, recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer achieved the primary
     endpoint of progression-free survival (PFS) in the interim analysis. The Company had submitted supplemental new
     drug application (sNDA) for this indication in April 2024. The Company believes that cadonilimab will further bring a
     more efficacious first-line therapy for patients with gastric and cervical cancers.

     The clinical development plan of cadonilimab has covered 16 indications and more than 20 clinical trials for various
     tumors, including lung cancer, liver cancer, gastric cancer, cervical cancer, kidney cancer, esophageal cancer and
     colorectal cancer, etc., with combination therapy. The Company will continue to explore the market potential of
     cadonilimab, and accelerate to establish a higher marketing-entry barrier through a clinical development strategy of
     comprehensive combination therapy to expand 開坦尼®’s commercial potential in the future.




12   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




Ivonescimab (AK112, PD-1/VEGF)
The Phase III clinical trials of ivonescimab in combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of locally advanced
or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC patients with EGFR mutation who progressed after the treatment of EGFR TKI,
reached primary endpoint in 2023, and the NDA was accepted and granted “Priority Review” by NMPA in August
2023, which represented the second bi-specific antibody independently developed by the Company is entering the
commercialization stage. Ivonescimab has been engaged in several clinical trials in various lung cancer patient
groups, such as the Phase III clinical trials of ivonescimab monotherapy versus pembrolizumab as the first-line
treatment for NSCLC with PD-L1 positive expression, the Phase III clinical trial of ivonescimab in combination with
chemotherapy versus tislelizumab in combination with chemotherapy as the treatment for locally advanced or
metastatic squamous NSCLC, which are advancing effectively. During the Reporting Period, the clinical trial results
and mechanism of action of ivonescimab were published in several international academic conferences and
journals.

In overseas markets, the Company collaborated with SUMMIT to jointly advance the clinical development of
ivonescimab. In May 2023, SUMMIT announced that its first US-based patient was treated in the HARMONi Phase III
trial (NCT05184712), which is the global multi-regional clinical trial in patients with EGFR-mutant locally advanced or
metastatic non-squamous NSCLC who have progressed after third-generation EGFR-TKI. In November 2023,
SUMMIT also announced the first patient treated in the HARMONi-3 Phase III trial (NCT05899608), which is the
global multi-regional trial of ivonescimab in combination with chemotherapy versus pembrolizumab in combination
with chemotherapy as the first line treatment of metastatic squamous NSCLC. The Chinese part of HARMONi-3 will
be undertaken by the Company to accelerate the overall advancement of global clinical trials. The effective
execution will rapidly advance the global trials of ivonescimab. We believe these global trials can bring valuable
next-generation innovative therapies to patients around the world.

ANNIKO® (penpulimab, PD-1)
In January 2023, the sNDA of ANNIKO® in combination with chemotherapy as first-line treatment of locally advanced
or metastatic squamous NSCLC was approved by NMPA. In December 2023, the Company submitted the sNDA of
ANNIKO® in combination with chemotherapy as first-line treatment of recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal
carcinoma (NPC). In 2023, ANNIKO® has been included in a number of clinical guidelines and the Chinese
Medicare lists in various provinces and cities. The Company also continues to expand the indications of ANNIKO® to
accelerate it potential into commercial value from clinical application.

In overseas markets, CTTQ-Akeso, a joint venture of the Company and Chia Tai Tianqing, entered into a licence
agreement with Specialised Therapeutics Asia Pte Ltd (“ST”) in April 2023, and granted ST the exclusive right to sell
ANNIKO® in Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and 11 Southeast Asian countries, including Singapore
and Malaysia.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      13
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Ebronucimab (AK102, PCSK9) and ebdarokimab (AK101, IL-12/IL-23)
     Two of the Company’s non-oncology products also entered into the pre-marketing stage. In the area of metabolism
     diseases, the Company has submitted the NDA of ebronucimab (AK102, PCSK9) in June 2023 for the treatment of
     two indications: (i) essential hypercholesterolemia and mixed hypercholesterolemia; and (ii) heterozygous familial
     hypercholesterolaemia (HeFH). In the area of autoimmune diseases, the Company has submitted the NDA of
     ebdarokimab (AK101, IL-12/IL-23) in August 2023 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. The
     Company is preparing for manufacturing, marketing and commercialization of these two products.

     DEVELOPMENT OF PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
     As of December 31, 2023, the Company had over 50 innovative programs covering the areas of oncology,
     autoimmune and metabolic diseases. 19 of these products are in the clinical trial stage (including 3 marketed
     products, and 4 out-licensed products) and 6 of which are potential first-in-class or best-in-class bi-specific
     antibodies.

     Oncology is one of the Company’s focused therapeutic areas. We are conducting several clinical trials of 開坦尼®
     (cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-4) which has obtained marketing approval, ivonescimab (AK112, PD-1/VEGF) which has
     submitted the NDA, ANNIKO® (penpulimab, PD-1) which has obtained marketing approval, ligufalimab (AK117,
     CD47), drebuxelimab (AK119, CD73), pulocimab (AK109, VEGFR-2), AK127 (TIGIT), AK115 (NGF), AK129 (PD-1/
     LAG-3) and AK130 (TIGIT/TGF-β), and AK131 (PD-1/CD73) and AK132 (Claudin18.2/CD47), which have newly
     entered into clinical stage in 2023. Such drugs and drug candidates cover various indications including solid tumors
     and hematological tumors. Based on cadonilimab and ivonescimab, as our two backbone drugs, we expect to
     target broader indications with huge market potential through combination strategy with high quality in-house
     developed products and external drugs.

     We also have ebronucimab (AK102, PCSK9), an innovative product targeting metabolic diseases, of which the NDA
     was accepted in June 2023. In autoimmune diseases, we also have a strong and broad pipeline. In particular, the
     NDA of ebdarokimab (AK101, IL-12/IL-23) has been accepted in August 2023. Meanwhile, we are also accelerating
     the clinical development of gumokimab (AK111, IL-17) and manfidokimab (AK120, IL-4Rα).

     In the pre-clinical stage, the Company prospectively stepped into a number of therapeutic areas with broad
     potential, including but not limited to tumors, autoimmune diseases, metabolic diseases, and neurodegenerative
     diseases. The Company is also actively establishing in-house technology platforms to comprehensively explore the
     fields of ADC, cell therapy and mRNA, and efficiently promote more candidates to the clinical stage.




14   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




The following chart highlighted the clinical development plan of the Company’s main product portfolio as of the date
of this report:

 Oncology — Core products                                                                                                                                                               Current Status

                                                       Mono/Combo                                                                                                                                                               NDA Submitted/
 Product (Target)             Areas                                                                             Indication                               Phase Ia         Phase Ib/II               Pivotal/Phase III
                                                         Therapy                                                                                                                                                                  Approved
                                                Mono                       2L/3L cervical cancer                                                                                                                                 Approved on 2022.6.29
                       CerAvical cancer         +Chemo±Bevacizumab         1L cervical cancer                                                                                                                                sNDA submitted in 2024.4
                                                Mono                       Neoadjuvant cervical cancer
                                                +XELOX                     1L G/GEJ adenocarcinoma                                                                                                                           sNDA submitted in 2024.1
                                                +AK109+chemo               G/GEJ adenocarcinoma progressed after PD-(L)1 treatment                                                                               Initiated
                         Gastric cancer
                                                +AK117+chemo               1L G/GEJ adenocarcinoma
                                                +AK117+chemo               Neoadjuvant/adjuvant G/GEJ adenocarcinoma
                                                Mono                       HCC adjuvant therapy                                                                                                    Enrollment in process
                                                +Lenvatinib+TACE           HCC, intermediate                                                                                                                     Initiated
                    Hepatocellular carcinoma    +Lenvatinib                1L HCC
   Cadonilimab                                  +AK109                     HCC progressed after PD-(L)1 treatment
     AK104
                                                +AK112                     1L HCC
  (PD-1/CTLA-4)
                                                +chemo                     1L PD-L1(-) NSCLC                                                                                                       Enrollment in process
                                                +Chiauranib                ≥2L SCLC
                          Lung cancer           +Docetaxel                 NSCLC progressed after platinum-based chemo and PD-(L)1 treatment
                                                +AK109±Docetaxel           NSCLC progressed after PD-(L)1 treatment
                                                +AK112±chemo               Advanced NSCLC
                      Esophageal cancer         ±AK117+chemo               1L ESCC
                       Pancreatic cancer        +chemo                     1L PDAC
                                                +AK117 (CD47)              Adv. solid tumors
                              Others            +AK119 (CD73)              Adv. solid tumors
                                                +AK127 (TIGIT)             Adv. solid tumors
                                                +Chemo                     EGFRm NSCLC progressed after EGFR-TKI treatment                                                                         HARMONi China part         NDA submitted in 2023.8
                                                Mono                       1L PD-L1(+) NSCLC
                                                +Chemo                     1L adv. sqNSCLC with driver gene negative
                                                +Chemo                     1L metastatic sqNSCLC                                                                                                  HARMONi-3 China part
                          Lung cancer           ±chemo                     Neoadjuvant/adjuvant NSCLC
                                                +Chemo                     1L NSCLC with driver gene negative
                                                +Docetaxel                 IO-R NSCLC
                                                +AK119±chemo               EGFRm NSCLC progressed after EGFR-TKI treatment
                                                +AK104±chemo               Advanced NSCLC
                     Gastrointestinal cancer    +chemo±AK117               1L G/GEJ adenocarcinoma, BTC, pancreatic cancer
                       Biliary tract cancer     +chemo±AK117               1L BTC
  Ivonescimab          Pancreatic cancer        +chemo±AK117               1L pancreatic cancer
     AK112
                         Breast cancer          +chemo±AK117               1L TNBC
  (PD-1/VEGF)
                     Head and neck cancer       ±AK117±chemo               HNSCC
                                                Mono                       Unresectable HCC
                                                +AK104                     1L HCC
                    Hepatocellular carcinoma
                                                +AK127                     1L HCC
                                                +AK130                     1L HCC
                                                ±AK117+chemo               1L CRC
                       Colorectal cancer
                                                +AK119±chemo               pMMR/MSS advanced CRC
                        Ovarian cancer          Mono                       Platinum resistant OC
                                                Mono                       Adv. solid tumors
                              Others            +AK119                     Adv. solid tumors
                                                +AK127                     Adv. solid tumors
                                                + azacitidine              1L MDS
                                                + azacitidine              1L MDS
                      Hematological tumor
                                                + azacitidine              1L AML
                                                + azacitidine+venetoclax   1L AML
                                                +AK112+chemo               1L G/GEJ adenocarcinoma
                                                +AK112+chemo               1L BTC
   Ligufalimab                                  +AK112+chemo               1L pancreatic cancer
      AK117
                                                +AK112±chemo               HNSCC
      (CD47)                Solid tumor
                                                +AK112+chemo               1L CRC
                                                +Chemo±AK112               1L TNBC
                                                +AK104+chemo               1L G/GEJ adenocarcinoma
                                                +AK104+chemo               1L ESCC
                                                Mono                       Adv solid tumors/lymphoma                                                          Completed
                              Others
                                                +AK104                     Adv solid tumors                                                                   Completed


      Global                                  NMPA approval                                        Registrational Trials                       Breakthrough Therapy




                                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.                                               15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




      Oncology — Other Products                                                                                                                        Current Status

         Product (Target)             Mono/Combo Therapy                                              Indication              Phase Ia   Phase Ib/II                    Pivotal/Phase III         NDA Submitted/Approved

                                  Mono                     3L R/R cHL                                                                                                                                      Approved on 2021.8
                                  +Chemo                   1L sq NSCLC                                                                                                                                     Approved on 2023.1
                                  Mono                     ≥3L NPC                                                                                                                                    sNDA submitted in China
          Penpulimab              +Chemo                   1L NPC                                                                                                                                     sNDA submitted in China
          AK105 (PD-1)            +Anlotinib               1L HCC
                                  +Anlotinib               dMMR
                                  +Anlotinib               NSCLC, SCLC, HNC, thyroid cancer, mesothelioma and thymic cancer
                                  +Anlotinib               ESCC, UC, GC/GEJ, cholangiocarcinoma, neuroendocrine tumor (NET)
                                  +AK112±chemo             EGFR-TKI failed EGFRm NSCLC
                                  +AK112±chemo             pMMR/MSS advanced CRC
             AK119                +AK104                   Adv. solid tumors
             (CD73)               +AK112                   Adv. solid tumors
                                  Mono                     Adv. solid tumors
                                  +AK104                   Adv. solid tumors
                                  +AK104+chemo             G/GEJ adenocarcinoma progressed after PD-(L)1 treatment                                                                    Initiated
             AK109                +AK104                   HCC progressed after PD-(L)1 treatment
           (VEGFR-2)              +AK104±Docetaxel         NSCLC progressed after PD-(L)1 treatment
                                  Mono                     Adv. solid tumors
                                  +AK104                   Adv. solid tumors
                                  ±AK104                   Adv. solid tumors
             AK127
                                  +AK112                   Adv. solid tumors
             (TIGIT)
                                  +AK112                   1L HCC
                                  Mono                     Adv. solid tumors
          AK115(NGF)              Mono                     Pain (including cancer pain)
       AK129 (PD-1/LAG-3)         Mono                     Adv. solid tumors
                                  Mono                     Adv. solid tumors
       AK130 (TIGIT/TGF-ß)
                                  +AK112                   1L HCC
       AK131 (PD-1/CD73)          Mono                     Adv. solid tumors
            AK132
                                  Mono                     Adv. solid tumors
        (CLDN18.2/CD47)


          Global                               NMPA approval                                   Registrational Trials


      Auto-immunity/Metabolism                                                                                                                         Current Status

         Product (Target)             Mono/Combo Therapy                                              Indication              Phase Ia   Phase Ib/II                    Pivotal/Phase III             NDA Submitted

             AK102                + Statin/Ezetimibe       Primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed hpyerlipidemia                                                                                     NDA submitted in 2023.6
            (PCSK9)               + Statin/Ezetimibe       HeFH                                                                                                                                      NDA submitted in 2023.6

              AK101               Mono                     Moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis                                                                                                       NDA submitted in 2023.8
           (IL-12/IL-23)          Mono                     Moderate-to-severe ulcerative colitis
             AK111                Mono                     Moderate-to-severe psoriasis
             (IL-17)              Mono                     Ankylosing spondylitis
              AK120               Mono                     Moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis                                                                                    In planning
             (IL-4Rα)             Mono                     Moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis


             Registrational Trials




16   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




Oncology
•   開坦尼 ® (cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-4)
    1.   Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
         —    In March, we completed patient enrollment of pivotal Phase III registration trial of cadonilimab in
              combination with chemotherapy as first line treatment of unresectable locally advanced or
              metastatic gastric/gastroesophageal junction (G/GEJ) adenocarcinoma.

         —    In March, we commenced R&D collaboration with Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd.
              (02607.HK; 601607.SH) to initiate combination therapies of cadonilimab in combination with
              SPH4336 (CDK4/6) for the treatment of well-differentiated liposarcomas (WDLS)/dedifferentiated
              liposarcoma (DDLS).

         —    In April, we obtained NMPA approval to initiate Phase II trial of cadonilimab in combination with
              AK117 as neoadjuvant treatment of G/GEJ adenocarcinoma.

         —    In May, we obtained NMPA approval to initiate Phase II trial of cadonilimab in combination with
              chemotherapy for the treatment of pancreatic cancer.

         —    In July, we completed first patient enrollment of Phase Ia/Ib trial of cadonilimab in combination with
              AK127 for treatment of advanced solid tumor.

         —    In July, we obtained NMPA approval to initiate Phase III trial of cadonilimab in combination with
              chemotherapy, versus tislelizumab in combination with chemotherapy, as first line treatment of
              locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC patients with PD-L1 negative expression.

         —    In September, we commenced collaboration with RemeGen Co., Ltd. (09995.HK; 688331.SH) to
              initiate Phase II trials of cadonilimab in combination with Disitamab Vedotin (HER2 ADC) for the
              treatment of gastric cancer.

         —    In November, Phase III trial of cadonilimab in combination with XELOX chemothrapy as first-line
              treatment for unresectable locally advanced or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction
              adenocarcinoma (GC/GEJC) (AK104-302) reached primary endpoint of overall survival (OS) at
              interim analysis.

         —    In November, Phase III trial of cadonilimab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy with
              or without bevacizumab as first-line treatment of cervical cancer (AK104-303) reached primary
              endpoint of progression-free-survival (PFS) at interim analysis.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




          2.   Included in Guidelines and Publication during the Reporting Period
               —    In March, mechanism studies of cadonilimab was published at mAbs.

               —    In April, 開坦尼® was recommended in Gynecologic Tumor Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor Clinical
                    Practice (2023).

               —    In June, two-year follow-up data of Phase Ib/II trial of cadonilimab in combination with
                    chemotherapy as first line treatment of G/GEJ adenocarcinoma was published at 2023 ASCO
                    Annual Meeting.

               —    In June, preliminary data of cadonilimab in combination with AK117 and chemotherapy as first line
                    treatment of advanced G/GEJ adenocarcinoma was published at 2023 ASCO.

               —    In June, 開坦尼® was included in Chinese Experts Concensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of
                    Gastric-type Endocervical Adenocarcinomas (2023).

               —    In August, 開坦尼® was recommended in Chinese Gynecologic Tumor Clinical Practice 7th version
                    (2023).

               —    In October, Phase Ib/II trial data of cadonilimab as treatment of advanced solid tumor was
                    published at The Lancet Oncology.

               —    In October, Phase I Australian trial data of cadonilimab as treatment of advanced solid tumor was
                    published at Cell.

               —    In October, Phase Ib/II trial data of cadonilimab in combination with lenvatinib as first-line treatment
                    of hepatocellular carcinoma was published at 2023 European Society for Medical Oncology
                    (ESMO).

               —    In November, Phase Ib/II trial data of cadonilimab in combination with lenvatinib as first-line
                    treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma was published at Frontiers In Immunology.

               —    In December, 開坦尼® was recommended in NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines 2023.V1:China
                    Version, as priority alternative as second- or later-line treatment of recurrent or metastatic cervical
                    cancer.

               —    In December, 開坦尼® was included in Chinese Guidelines for Radiotherapy of Esophageal Cancer
                    (2023).




18   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




    3.   Recent Development After the Reporting Period
         —    In January 2024, NMPA accepted the sNDA for cadonilimab in combination with chemotherapy as
              first-line treatment for G/GEJ adenocarcinoma.

         —    In January 2024, Phase II clinical data of cadonilimab in combination with lenvatinib and TACE for
              intermediate to advanced unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma (uHCC) was published at 2024
              Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO GI).

         —    In January 2024, cadonilimab was included in Chinese Expert Consensus on Immunotherapy for
              Gastric Cancer based on PD-L1 expression (2023 Edition).

         —    In February 2024, we had first patient treated in the Phase III clinical trial of cadonilimab in
              combination with chemotherapy, versus tislelizumab in combination with chemotherapy, as first line
              treatment of locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC patients with PD-L1 negative expression.

•   Ivonescimab (AK112, PD-1/VEGF)
    1.   Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
         —    In March, we commenced collaboration with LaNova Medicines to initiate a series of clinical trials
              of Ivonescimab in combination with LM-302(Claudin18.2 ADC) for treatment of solid tumors
              including advanced gastrointestinal cancer.

         —    In April, we obtained NMPA approval to initiate Phase I clinical trial of Ivonescimab in combination
              with AK127 for the treatment of advanced solid tumor.

         —    In May, our partner SUMMIT have first patient treated in US in the Phase III HARMONi trial. The
              HARMONi trial is ivonescimab in combination with chemotherapy for treatment of EGFR-mutated
              locally advanced or metastatic nsqNSCLC patients who progressed after the third generation
              EGFR-TKI treatment.

         —    In May, we initiated Phase III trial of ivonescimab in combination with chemotherapy, versus
              tislelizumab in combination with chemotherapy, as first line treatment of sqNSCLC.

         —    In August, we completed patient enrollment of Phase III trial of ivonescimab monotherapy versus
              pembrolizumab monotherapy as first line treatment of NSCLC with PD-L1 positive expression.

         —    In August, Phase III clinical trial of ivonescimab in combination with chemotherapy, versus
              tislelizumab in combination with chemotherapy, for the treatment of sqNSCLC have first patient
              treated.

         —    In November, our partner SUMMIT have first patient treated in US in the Phase III HARMONi-3 trial.
              The HARMONi-3 trial is ivonescimab in combination with chemotherapy versus pembrolizumab in
              combination with chemotherapy as first-line treatment of metastatic squamous NSCLC.




                                                                               Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




          2.   Publication during the Reporting Period
               —    In June, Phase II clinical data of ivonescimab in combination with chemotherapy as first line
                    treatment advanced or metastatic NSCLC without actionable genomic alterations (AGA) in EGFR/
                    ALK was published at 2023 ASCO.

               —    In August, phase II clinical data of ivonescimab in combination with chemotherapy for the treatment
                    of advanced NSCLC was published at eclinical medicine.

               —    In October, Phase Ib data of ivonescimab monotherapy as first- or second-line treatment for
                    advanced or metastatic immunotherapy naive NSCLC was published at Journal of Thoracic
                    Oncology.

               —    In November, mechanism of action of ivonescimab was published at 2023 EORTC-NCI-AACR,
                    hosted by American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), National Cancer Institute (NCI) and
                    European Organisation for Rearch and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC), and 2023 Society for
                    Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC).

          3.   Recent Development After the Reporting Period
               —    In January 2024, we obtained NMPA approval to initiate Phase Ib/II trial of ivonescimab in
                    combination with cadonilimab or AK130(TIGIT/TGF-β) or AK127(TIGIT) for treatment of
                    hepatocellular carcinoma.

     •    Ligufalimab (AK117, CD47)
          1.   Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
               —    In April, we obtained CDE approval to initiate Phase II trial of AK117 in combination with
                    chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment G/GEJ.

               —    In September, we obtained FDA approval to initiate a global, multi-regional Phase II trial of AK117
                    in combination with azacitidine as first-line treatment of high-risk myelodysplastic syndromes
                    (MDS).

          2.   Publication during the Reporting Period
               —    In June, preliminary data of AK117 in combination with cadonilimab with chemotherapy as first line
                    treatment of advanced G/GEJ was published at 2023 ASCO.

               —    In December, Phase Ib updated data of AK117 monotherapy or in combination with azacitidine for
                    treatment of mid- or high-risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) was published at 2023 American
                    Society of Hematology (ASH).

               —    In December, Phase Ib updated data of AK117 in combination with azacitidine for treatment of
                    acute myelogenous leukemia (AML) was published at 2023 ASH.




20   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




    3.   Recent Development After the Reporting Period
         —    In January 2024, we obtained NMPA approval to initiate Phase II clinical trial of AK117 in
              combination with azacitidine and venetoclax for treatment of AML patient who are not eligible for
              standard induction chemotherapy as first treatment.

•   Pulocimab (AK109, VEGFR2)
    1.   Publication during the Reporting Period
         —    In March, Phase I clinical data of AK109 were published at ESMO Open.

•   AK115 (NGF)
    1.   Selective Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
         —    In March, we completed Phase I trial of AK115 for alleviating pain (including cancer pain).

•   AK127 (TIGIT)
    1.   Selective Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
         —    In April, we obtained NMPA approval to initiate Phase I clinical trial of AK127 in combination with
              ivonescimab for the treatment of advanced malignant tumor.

    2.   Recent Development After the Reporting Period
         —    In July, Phase Ia/Ib clinical trial of AK127 in combination with cadonilimab for treatment of
              advanced malignant tumor completed dosing first patient.

•   AK129 (PD-1/LAG3)
    1.   Selective Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
         —    In March, Phase I clinical trial of AK129 for treatment of advanced malignant tumor completed
              dosing of first patient.

•   AK130 (TIGIT/TGF-β)
    1.   Selective Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
         —    In February, Phase I clinical trial of AK130 for treatment of advanced malignant tumor completed
              dosing of first patient.




                                                                                Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.    21
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     •    AK131 (PD-1/CD73)
          1.   Selective Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
               —    In September, we obtained NMPA approval to initiate Phase I clinical trial of AK131 for treatment of
                    advanced malignant tumors.

          2.   Recent Development After the Reporting Period
               —    In January 2024, Phase I clinical trial of AK131 for treatment of advanced solid tumor completed
                    dosing of first patient.

     •    AK132 (Claudin18.2/CD47)
          1.   Selective Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
               —    In September, we obtained NMPA approval to initiate Phase I clinical trial of AK132 for treatment of
                    advanced malignant tumors.

          2.   Recent Development After the Reporting Period
               —    In January 2024, Phase I clinical trial of AK132 for treatment of advanced solid tumor completed
                    dosing of first patient.

     Autoimmune and Other Therapeutic Areas
     •    Ebronucimab (AK102, PCSK9)
          1.   Regulatory Approval Progress during the Reporting Period
               —    In June, NMPA accepted NDA for ebronucimab injection for the treatment of two indications:
                    primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed hyperlipidemia, and heterozygous familial
                    hypercholesterolaemia (HeFH).

          2.   Publication during the Reporting Period
               —    In May, results of a pivotal Phase III trial of AK102 for the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia
                    and mixed hyperlipidemia were published at 2023 European Atherosclerosis Society (EAS).

     •    Ebdarokimab (AK101, IL-12/IL-23)
          1.   Commercialization and NDA progress during the Reporting Period
               —    In August, NMPA accepted NDA for ebdarokimab injection for the treatment of moderate-to-severe
                    plaque psoriasis.




22   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.   Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
          —     In February, Phase III trial of AK101 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis
                reached its primary endpoint.

     3.   Publication during the Reporting Period
          —     In June, results of Phase I trial of AK101 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe active ulcerative
                colitis were published at 2023 Federation of Clinical Immunology Societies (FOCIS).

          —     In October, Phase III data of AK101 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis was
                published at 2023 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV).

•    Gumokimab (AK111, IL-17)
     1.   Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
          —     In August, we completed patient enrollment of Phase III trial of AK111 for the treatment of moderate-
                to-severe plaque psoriasis.

          —     In November, we completed dosing first patient of Phase III trial of AK111 for the treatment of
                ankylosing spondylitis.

          —     In December, Phase III trial of AK111 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis
                reached all efficacy endpoints.

     2.   Publication during the Reporting Period
          —     In February, results of Phase Ib trial of AK111 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis was
                published at Dermotal Therapy.

•    Manfidokimab (AK120, IL-4Rα)
     1.   Significant Clinical Progress during the Reporting Period
          —     In March, we completed patient enrollment of Phase II trial of AK120 for the treatment of moderate-
                to-severe atopic dermatitis.

     2.   Publication during the Reporting Period
          —     In September, results of Phase I trial of AK120 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic
                dermatitis was published at Dermotal Therapy.

Warning under Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: There is no assurance that Ivonescimab (AK112, PD-1/VEGF),
Ligufalimab (AK117, CD47), Pulocimab (AK109, VEGFR2), Drebuxelimab (AK119, CD73), AK127 (TIGIT), AK115
(NGF), AK129 (PD-1/LAG-3), AK130 (TIGIT/TGF-β), AK131(PD-1/CD73), AK132 (Claudin18.2/CD47), Ebronucimab
(AK102, PCSK9), Ebdarokimab (AK101, IL-12/IL-23), Gumokimab (AK111, IL-17) and Manfidokimab (AK120, IL-
4Rα) will ultimately be successfully developed and/or marketed by the Company. As of the date of this report, no
material adverse changes had occurred with respect to the regulatory approvals we had received in relation to our
drug candidates.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      23
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT
     As of December 31, 2023, we had a total of 2,778 employees. With the goal to enhance our integrated platform of
     R&D, manufacturing and commercialization, the Company continues to recruit more talents, upgrade the employee
     training system and development mechanism, and committed to creating a diversified, fair, open and inclusive
     platform for employees.

                                                                                       Number of               Number of
                                                                                       employees              employees
                                                                                            As of                  As of
                                                                                     December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                            2023                   2022


     Research and Development (Pre-clinical)                                                    320                 275
     Clinical                                                                                   679                 532
     Manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control                                       687                 605
     Selling and Marketing                                                                      788                 652
     Sourcing, General and Administrative                                                       304                 277


     Total                                                                                    2,778                2,341


     MANUFACTURING FACILITIES
     As of December 31, 2023, the Company had a total production capacity of 54,000L in operation. We have a
     continuous and steady capacity expansion plan to cope with our future clinical development and commercialization
     requirement. Our GMP-compliant manufacturing facilities are designed and validated according to the FDA, the
     EMA, and the NMPA regulations, to support the entire drug development process, from drug discovery to process
     development, GMP-compliant and commercial manufacturing, which will effectively support the Company’s clinical
     and commercialization development.

     —       National Health Technology Park (Zhongshan): The production capacity in operation is 3,500L.

     —       Knowledge City Biopharmaceutical Base (Guangzhou): The production capacity in operation is 36,000L.

     —       Greater Bay Area Technology Park (Zhongshan): 14,500L of phase I project capacity has been in operation at
             the end of 2023. The total production capacity in planning exceeds 100,000L.




24   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




FUTURE DEVELOPMENT
Looking forward, we will further enrich our marketed product portfolio, accelerate the clinical development,
manufacturing and commercialization of new drug candidates globally, and promote a series of global leading pre-
clinical candidates into clinical stage.

In the area of oncology, focusing on the two bi-specific antibodies cadonilimab and ivonescimab as our backbone
products, we will continuously speed up the exploration and application in different indications. We are conducting
over 20 clinical trials for cadonilimab based on combination therapies, covering 16 indications such as gastric
cancer, liver cancer, lung cancer, cervical cancer, ESCC, colorectal cancer, etc., including 6 Phase III pivotal trials.
Ivonescimab (AK112, PD-1/VEGF) has fully covered large sub-group patient populations with lung cancer, with
various head-to-head studies undergoing. We also conducted multiple clinical trials covering 16 indications such as
gastrointestinal, hepatocellular carcinoma and colorectal cancer. In global market, we collaborated with SUMMIT to
jointly advance the global clinical development plan of ivonescimab. Two global multiregional phase III clinical trials
are conducted by our partners, with the mission to bring valuable next-generation innovative therapies to patients.
Serving as foundation of combination therapies, the Company is conducting multiple trials of these two cornerstone
drugs targeting various indications to improve overall efficacy and will further expand our portoforlio’s market
potential in the future. There are also four in-house developed bi-specific antibodies at clinical stage, including
AK129 (PD-1/LAG-3), AK130 (TIGIT/TGF-β), AK131 (PD-1/CD73) and AK132 (Claudin18.2/CD47). We will actively
explore these antibodies in various solid tumors through the combination with other products in the pipeline, such as
pulocimab (AK109, VEGFR2), ligufalimab (AK117, CD47), AK127 (TIGIT) and AK119 (CD73).

In the non-oncology area, we are actively preparing for the manufacturing and commercialization of ebronucimab
(AK102, PCSK9) and ebdarokimab (AK101, IL-12/IL-23), and the Company will also accelerate the phase III clinical
development and commercialization of AK111 (IL-17) and AK120 (IL-4Rα) which are in late clinical stages in the
autoimmune disease area.

In the early-stage drug discovery, we have prospectively tapped into a number of therapeutic areas with broad
potential, including but not limited to oncology, autoimmune diseases, metabolic diseases, and neurodegenerative
diseases by constructing numerous in-house developed technology platforms, such as ADC platform, cell therapy
and mRNA platform. We believe more high potential candidates could be delivered into clinical stage by those
endeavors.

Facing potential cooperation opportunities in China and even around the world, we will also take the mission and
vision of “providing differentiated and innovative therapies that can bring significant clinical benefits to patients
around the world”, keep exploring value-added strategic partnerships, and create more co-development,
cooperation and license opportunities for our independently-developed products globally.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      25
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Year Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2022


                                                                       December 31,     December 31,
                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


     Product sales                                                        1,631,111        1,104,385
     License income                                                       2,922,775            3,920


     Total sales from products and license                                4,553,886        1,108,305
     Less: Distribution cost                                                (27,633)        (270,649)


     REVENUE                                                              4,526,253          837,656

     Cost of sales                                                         (133,248)         (94,117)


     Gross profit                                                         4,393,005          743,539
     Gross profit margin                                                    97.06%           88.76%

     Other income and gains, net                                             454,180          158,613
     Administrative expenses                                                (200,094)        (199,007)
     Selling and distribution expenses                                      (890,384)        (552,661)
     Research and development expenses                                    (1,254,023)      (1,323,098)
     Other expenses                                                         (281,450)        (206,312)
     Share of loss of a long-term equity investment                         (191,722)               –
     Finance costs                                                           (86,987)         (43,290)


     PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX                                             1,942,525        (1,422,216)
     Income tax expense                                                        (174)                –


     PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                           1,942,351        (1,422,216)


     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME

     Other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to
       profit or loss in subsequent periods:
       Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations            (95,025)        (294,663)


     Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
       profit or loss in subsequent periods:
       Translation from functional currency to presentation currency         89,139          423,297


     Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax               (5,886)        128,634


     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                       1,936,465        (1,293,582)


26   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




1.   Products Sales
     The Group’s total product sales increased by 48% from RMB1,104.4 million for the year ended December 31,
     2022 to RMB1,631.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The rapid growth in sales was attributable
     to the following reasons:

     (i)    With the outstanding clinical value, the Company’s innovative product 開坦尼® (cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-
            4), since its launch on June 29, 2022, has recorded significant increase of the patients as well as product
            sales, which has contributed revenue of RMB1,357.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023;

     (ii)   Other products achieved sales of RMB273.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, including
            Anniko® (penpulimab, PD1) which was approved and commercialized in late August 2021 and the
            investigational products for ivonescimab (AK112, PD-1/VEGF) supplied to SUMMIT.

                                                                      For the year ended December 31
                                                            Products Sales*                 Consolidated Revenue**
            Million (RMB)                             2023             2022       % change                2023         2022   % change


            開坦尼®
              (cadonilimab,
              PD-1/CTLA-4)                        1,357.8             546.3           +149%            1,357.8        546.3      +149%
            Other products                          273.3             558.1            –51%              245.7        287.4       –15%


            Total                                 1,631.1           1,104.4             +48%           1,603.5        833.7        +92%

            *       Products sales is the sales from 開坦尼® (cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-4) and other products.

            **      Consolidated revenue is the Group’s total sales from products net of the distribution cost.


2.   License income
     The Group’s license income was RMB2,922.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to
     RMB3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The significant increase was mainly attributable to the
     total upfront payment received by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2023 pursuant to the
     collaborative and licensing agreement the Company entered into with SUMMIT for its independently-
     developed bi-specific antibody, ivonescimab (AK112, PD-1/VEGF), part of which was recognized as license
     income which significantly contributed to the revenue of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023.

3.   Cost of Sales
     The cost of sales increased by 42% from RMB94.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to RMB133.2
     million for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was mainly attributable to the increase in the cost of
     sales associated with the increase of the sales volume of 開坦尼® (cadonilimab,PD-1/CTLA-4). Cost of sales of
     the Group mainly represents cost of raw materials, direct labor, depreciation and other manufacturing
     overhead.

4.   Gross Profit
     The Group’s gross profit increased by 491% from RMB743.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to
     RMB4,393.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. It was mainly attributable to the strong increase in
     the license income recognized by the Company.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     5.   Other Income and Gains, net
          Other income and gains, net increased by 186% from RMB158.6 million for the year ended December 31,
          2022 to RMB454.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was mainly attributable to the
          increase in exchange gains, bank interest income and investment income from financial product.

          The Group’s other income and gains primarily consisted of exchange gains, subsidies from local government,
          bank interest income and investment income from financial product.

     6.   Research and Development Expenses
          Research and development expenses decreased by 5% from RMB1,323.1 million for the year ended
          December 31, 2022 to RMB1,254.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, mainly due to the strong
          clinical team strategically built up by the Group, which had reduced the Group’s reliance on CRO vendors.
          The Group’s clinical trials of each pipelines are progressing smoothly and have reached the expected goals.
          The New Drug Applications (NDA) of the first-inclass ivonescimab (PD-1/VEGF, AK112), ebronucimab (PCSK9,
          AK102) and ebdarokimab (AK101, IL-12/IL-23) have been accepted by the National Medical Products
          Administration (NMPA).

          The Group’s research and development expenses primarily consisted of: (i) clinical trial sites fees, central
          laboratory bioanalysis fees, third-party assessment fees, costs associated with purchasing reference listed
          drugs and concomitant drugs, third-party contract fees signed by clinical trial site management service
          providers and other trial related service providers; (ii) employee salaries and related benefit costs in
          connection with our research and development activities; (iii) third-party contracting costs relating to testing
          expenses for pre-clinical programs; and (iv) costs associated with purchasing raw materials for research and
          development of our drug candidates.

          The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s research and development expenses for the
          years indicated:

                                                                                        Year Ended December 31
                                                                                             2023               2022
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


          Clinical trial related expenditure                                             1,015,333             970,734
          Pre-clinical trial related expenditure                                             8,247               5,808
          Others                                                                           230,443             346,556


                                                                                         1,254,023           1,323,098


     7.   Selling and Marketing Expenses
          Selling and marketing expenses increased by 61% from RMB552.7 million for the year ended December 31,
          2022 to RMB890.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in selling and marketing
          expenses was mainly attributable to the increase in marketing activities for the approved and commercialized
          product 開坦尼® (cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-4), which was launched on June 29, 2022.




28   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




8.   Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses were RMB200.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, which remained
     stable as compared to RMB199.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

     Administrative expenses primarily consisted of employee salaries and benefits, depreciation, professional
     fees, taxes and other administrative expenses include travel expenses and other expenses in connection with
     administrative activities.

9.   Finance Costs
     Finance costs were RMB87.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to RMB43.3 million
     for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a year-on-year increase of 101%. The increase in finance
     costs was mainly due to the increase in interest expenses on bank and other borrowings, and finance costs on
     lease liabilities.

10. Profit for the Year
     For the reasons discussed above, profit for the year was RMB1,942.4 million for the year ended December 31,
     2023, as compared to loss of RMB1,422.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

11. Liquidity and Source of Funding and Borrowing
     In 2023, we actively explored financing channel, improved business capabilities and managed our cash to
     further enrich our cash position so as to provide strong capital support for the Company’s sustainable and high
     efficient development.

     As of December 31, 2023, the current assets of the Group were RMB5,676.8 million, of which aggregate
     balance of cash and cash equivalent, time deposits and financial products amounted to RMB4,894.4 million
     and other current assets amounted to RMB782.3 million.

     The aggregate balance of cash and cash equivalent, time deposits and financial products of the Group
     increased by RMB2,606.0 million to RMB4,894.4 million as of December 31, 2023, from RMB2,288.4 million as
     of December 31, 2022.

     As of December 31, 2023, the current liabilities of the Group were RMB1,204.6 million, including trade
     payables of RMB354.8 million, other payables and accruals of RMB443.6 million and interest-bearing bank
     and other borrowings of RMB390.5 million.

     As of December 31, 2023, the Group had short-term loan and mid-long-term loan due within next one year of
     RMB390.5 million and long term loans of RMB2,577.3 million, among which, interest rate of commercial bank
     borrowings ranging from 1.6% to 4.45% based on annual interest rate over or below loan prime rate (LPR).

     The Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its capital resources and mitigate potential
     risks.

12. Pledge of Assets
     As at December 31, 2023, the Group had a total pledge of RMB793.3 million of buildings and land use right
     pledged to secure its loans and banking facilities.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.     29
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     13. Key Financial Ratios


                                                                                                                      As at                      As at
                                                                                                                December 31,               December 31,
                                                                                                                       2023                       2022


          Quick ratio(1)                                                                                               4.39                         2.0
          Gearing ratio(2)                                                                                  Not meaningful(2)           Not meaningful(2)

          Notes:

          (1)      Quick ratio is calculated by dividing current assets less inventories as of a given date by current liabilities as of such date.

          (2)      Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing bank and other borrowings less cash and cash equivalents divided by total equity
                   and multiplied by 100%. Gearing ratio is not meaningful as our interest-bearing bank and other borrowings less cash and cash
                   equivalents were negative.


     14. Significant Investments
          As at December 31, 2023, the Group did not hold any significant investments. Save as disclosed in this report,
          the Group did not have other plans for significant investments or capital assets as at the date of this report.

     15. Material Acquisitions and Disposals
          The Group did not have material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures for the
          year ended December 31, 2023.

     16. Contingent Liabilities
          The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at December 31, 2023.

     17. Capital Commitment
          The capital commitments of the Group as at December 31, 2023 were RMB770.0 million, as compared to
          RMB981.1 million as at December 31, 2022, primarily attributable to the development of world-class
          manufacturing equipment in Knowledge City Biopharmaceutical Base (Guangzhou) and Greater Bay Area
          Technology Park (Zhongshan). These projects are currently under smooth progress and have been put into
          operation gradually. Besides, our Shanghai & Guangzhou research and development bases were under
          construction.

     18. Foreign Exchange Risk Exposure
          For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group mainly operated in China and a majority of its transactions
          were settled in Renminbi, the functional currency of the Company’s primary subsidiaries.

          For the year ended December 31, 2023, a portion of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were dominated
          in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars. Except for certain cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, financial
          products, other receivables, payables, other payables and accrued expenses denominated in foreign
          currencies, the Group did not have significant foreign exchange risk exposure from its operations during the
          Reporting Period.

          Our Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy, however, we manage our foreign
          exchange risk by performing regular reviews of our net foreign exchange risks and uses forward contracts to
          eliminate the foreign exchange risk exposures.



30   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




19. Employees and Remuneration
      As at December 31, 2023, the Group had a total of 2,778 employees.

      The following table sets forth the total number of employees by function:

                                                                                  December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                    Number of          Number of
      Function                                                                      employees         employees


      Research and Development (Pre-clinical)                                              320                275
      Clinical                                                                             679                532
      Manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control                                 687                605
      Selling and Marketing                                                                788                652
      Sourcing, General and Administrative                                                 304                277


      Total                                                                              2,778              2,341


      The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group was RMB847.1 million for the year ended December 31,
      2023, and RMB624.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in remuneration cost was
      primarily attributable to the increase in the number of employees, which led to an increase in employees’
      salaries and benefits.

      The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident fund and
      social security contributions, other welfare payments and equity-settled share award and share option
      expenses. In accordance with applicable PRC laws, the Group has made contributions to social security
      insurance funds (including pension plans, medical insurance, work related injury insurance, unemployment
      insurance and maternity insurance) and housing funds for the Group’s employees. We provide training
      programs to employees, including new hire orientation and continuous on-the-job training in order to
      accelerate the learning progress and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our employees.

      The Company has adopted the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme on August 29, 2019 and the 2021 restricted share unit
      scheme on December 6, 2021. For details, please refer to the paragraph headed “D. Share Incentive Schemes
      — 1. Restricted Share Unit Scheme” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus and the announcement of the Company
      dated December 7, 2021, respectively.

      The Company has also adopted the share option scheme on June 28, 2022. For details, please refer to the
      announcement of the Company dated June 1, 2022.

USE OF NET PROCEEDS
(a)   Use of Net Proceeds from Global Offering
      The Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date. The Group received net
      proceeds (after deduction of underwriting commissions and related costs and expenses) from the IPO and the
      exercise of Over-allotment Option of approximately HK$2,894.1 million (equivalent to approximately
      RMB2,647.2 million).

      As at December 31, 2022, net proceeds from the IPO and over-allotment had been fully utilized. During the
      year ended December 31, 2022, the proceeds from the IPO were used according to the intentions and in the
      same manner and proportions as previously disclosed by the Company in the Prospectus.


                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     (b) Use of Net Proceeds from 2021 Placing
          On January 14, 2021, an aggregate of 30,000,000 new shares were issued at a price of HK$39.60 per share to
          not less than six professional, institutional or other investors that are Independent Third Parties pursuant to the
          share placing agreement (the “Placing Agreement”) dated January 7, 2021 (the “2021 Placing”), representing
          approximately 3.67% of the enlarged issued share capital of the Company immediately following the 2021
          Placing.

          The placing price of HK$39.60 per share represents (i) a discount of approximately 4.58% to the closing price
          of HK$41.50 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on January 6, 2021, being the trading day
          immediately preceding the date of the Placing Agreement; and (ii) a discount of approximately 1.02% to the
          average closing price of HK$40.01 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive
          trading days of the Shares immediately preceding the date of the Placing Agreement.

          The net price per share for the subscription after deducting related costs and expenses is approximately
          HK$39.04 per share and the net proceeds raised from the 2021 Placing were HK$1,171.3 million (equivalent to
          RMB978.1 million). The 2021 Placing is being taken for the funding of the intended purposes as set out below.

          The following table sets forth the status of use of net proceeds from the 2021 Placing as at December 31,
          2023:

                                                                                                                 Proceeds
                                                                                                                   utilized        Proceeds          Proceeds
                                                                                                Proceeds        during the           utilized       unutilized
                                                                             Amount of      unutilized as      year ended              up to             as at
                                                                              proceeds      at January 1,    December 31,      December 31,      December 31,
          Item                                                Percentage      allocated              2023             2023              2023             2023
                                                                           (HK$’ million)   (HK$’ million)    (HK$’ million)    (HK$’ million)    (HK$’ million)


          Build the Group’s commercialization team to
             prepare for the launch of AK104 (PD-1/
             CTLA-4) and to continue to recruit and retain
             talents in both international and domestic
             markets                                                40%            468.5            203.4             203.4             468.5                 –
          Fund increased international clinical trial needs
             for leading oncology programs including
             PD-1/CTLA-4, PD-1/VEGF, CD47, and
             non-oncology programs                                  20%            234.3                –                 –             234.3                 –
          Build and develop new production facilities in
             Guangzhou and Zhongshan Cuiheng New
             District in the PRC for additional capacity to
             commensurate with the Group’s growth                   10%            117.1             69.1              69.1             117.1                 –
          Fund and expedite the development of other
             clinical programs including, among others,
             PCSK9, IL12/IL23                                       10%            117.1                –                 –             117.1                 –
          Other general corporate purposes                          20%            234.3            132.7             132.7             234.3                 –


          Total                                                    100%          1,171.3            405.2             405.2           1,171.3                 –




32   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




      Further details of the 2021 Placing are set out in the announcements of the Company dated January 7, 2021
      and January 14, 2021, respectively. As at December 31, 2023, the proceeds from the 2021 Placing had been
      fully utilized. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the proceeds from the 2021 Placing were used
      according to the intentions and in the same manner and proportions as previously disclosed by the Company
      in the announcement dated January 7, 2021.

(c)   Use of Net Proceeds from 2022 Placing
      An aggregate of 24,000,000 Placing Shares have been placed by the Placing Agent to not less than six
      Placees at the Placing Price of HK$24.27 per Placing Share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
      Placing Agreement on July 15, 2022, representing approximately 2.85% of the issued share capital of the
      Company as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the Placing Shares immediately upon completion of the
      Placing.

      The Company received net proceeds from the Placing, after deducting the placing commission and other
      related expenses and professional fees, of approximately US$73,459,261 (equivalent to approximately
      HK$576,655,200).

      The following table sets forth the status of use of net proceeds from the 2022 Placing as at December 31,
      2023:

                                                                                                              Proceeds
                                                                                            Proceeds            utilized        Proceeds          Proceeds
                                                                                            unutilized       during the           utilized       unutilized
                                                                         Amount of               as at      year ended              up to             as at
                                                                          proceeds         January 1,     December 31,      December 31,      December 31,
      Item                                                Percentage      allocated              2023              2023              2023             2023
                                                                       (HK$’ million)    (HK$’ million)    (HK$’ million)    (HK$’ million)    (HK$’ million)


      Marketing and commercialization of 開坦尼®
         (Cadonilimab, PD-1/CTLA-4, AK104)                      40%            230.6                 –                 –             230.6                 –
      Expediting the phase III clinical trials of
         Ivonescimab (PD-1/VEGF, AK112), including
         head-to-head trial with Keytruda for 1L
         PD-L1(+) NSCLC, and for EGFRTKI failed
         NSCLC                                                  20%            115.3              38.4              38.4             115.3                 –
      Expediting several phase III clinical trials of
         Cadonilimab (AK104, PD-1/CTLA-4) including
         for 1L gastric cancer, 1L cervical cancer, and
         etc, to substantiate marketing activities for
         Cadonilimab                                            20%            115.3              85.0              85.0             115.3                 –
      Expediting the phase III trials and NDA
         application for Ebronucimab (PCSK9, AK102)
         and Ebdarokimab (IL-12/IL-23, AK101)                   10%             57.7              57.7              41.0              41.0              16.7
      Other general corporate purposes where
         appropriate                                            10%             57.7              57.7              57.7              57.7                 –


      Total                                                    100%            576.6             238.8             222.1             559.9              16.7




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.                  33
     Management Discussion and Analysis




          Further details of the 2022 Placing are set out in the announcements of the Company dated July 8, 2022 and
          July 15, 2022, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the proceeds from the 2022 Placing
          were used, and are proposed to be used, according to the intentions and in the same manner and proportions
          as previously disclosed by the Company in the announcement dated July 8, 2022.

          The remaining balance of proceeds unutilized, approximately HK$16.7 million has been deposited into the
          bank. The Company expects such net proceeds shall be utilized within the upcoming 6 months (by June 30,
          2024) instead of by December 31, 2023 as disclosed in its 2023 interim report dated August 29, 2023 as a
          result of the latest progress of the phase III trials and NDA application for Ebronucimab (PCSK9, AK102) and
          Ebdarokimab (IL-12/IL-23, AK101). This expected timeline is based on the best estimation of future market
          conditions and business operations made by the Company, and remains subject to change based on current
          and future development of market conditions and actual business needs.

     2024 PLACING
     On March 28, 2024, an aggregate of 24,800,000 new shares were issued at a price of HK$47.68 per share (the
     “2024 Placing”) to not less than six professional, institutional or other investors that are Independent Third Parties
     pursuant to the share placing agreement (the “2024 Placing Agreement”) dated March 21, 2024, representing
     approximately 2.86% of the enlarged issued share capital of the Company immediately following the 2024 Placing.
     The placing price of HK$47.68 per Share represented (i) a discount of approximately 6.02% to the closing price of
     HK$50.70 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on the last full trading day prior to the date of the 2024
     Placing Agreement; and (ii) a discount of approximately 6.81% to the average closing price of approximately
     HK$51.13 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the last five consecutive trading days prior to and
     including the last full trading day prior to the date of the 2024 Placing Agreement. The net placing price per Share
     after deducting related costs and expenses was approximately HK$47.18 per Share and the net proceeds raised
     from the 2024 Placing were approximately US$149.53 million. As disclosed in the announcement of the Company
     dated March 21, 2024, the net proceeds from the 2024 Placing will be used for the following purposes: (i) 65% will
     be used for research and development in terms of: (a) various preclinical programs advancing to IND stage; (b)
     development of technology platforms (i.e. ADC platform); and (c) expediting the global clinical trial of Cadonilimab
     (AK104, PD-1/CTLA-4), ligufalimab (AK117, CD47), etc; (ii) 25% will be used for the commercialization of
     Cadonilimab and Ivonescimab; and (iii) 10% will be used for other general corporate purposes where appropriate.

     The Placing Shares have a market value of approximately HK$1,180.5 million based on the closing price of
     HK$47.60 per share as at March 21, 2024 and an aggregate nominal value of US$248. Further details of the 2024
     Placing were set out in the announcements of the Company dated March 21, 2024 and March 28, 2024,
     respectively. As at the date of this report, none of the net proceeds from the 2024 Placing has been used and there
     is no change in the intended use net proceeds.The Company expects such net proceeds shall be utilized by
     December 31, 2025. This expected timeline is based on the best estimation of future market conditions and
     business operations made by the Company, and remains subject to change based on current and future
     development of market conditions and actual business needs.




34   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


The Board consists of four executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive
Directors.

DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Dr. XIA Yu (夏瑜), the key founder of our Group, aged 57, was appointed as the chairwoman, president and CEO of
our Group since its inception on March 19, 2012, and she was re-designated as the executive Director and
appointed as the chairwoman, president and CEO of our Company on November 16, 2019. In these roles, Dr. XIA
has been mainly responsible for the overall strategic and operational management of the Company. Dr. XIA also
holds the following positions with the other members of our Group and has been primarily responsible for these
companies’ decision- making:

•    director, president, CEO and chairwoman of Akeso Biopharma (since March 2012);

•    director of Akeso Tiancheng (since May 2016);

•    director and general manager of Akeso R&D Institute (since July 2016);

•    director and general manager of AD Pharma (since February 2017);

•    director, general manager (since August 2017) and chairwoman (since November 2018) of Akeso Pharma;

•    executive director and general manager of AD Pharma Guangzhou (since March 2018);

•    chairwoman and general manager of Zhong Kang Tai He (since September 2018); and

•    general manager of CTTQ-Akeso (since August 2019).

Dr. XIA has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry and academic research. Prior to founding
our Group, Dr. XIA held senior leadership roles (with a position as senior vice president) from April 2008 to March
2012 at Crown Bioscience Inc., where she played a decisive role in constructing Crown Bioscience’s platform,
building its team, setting and implementing its strategies, and forging its joint venture with Pfizer (the Pfizer-Crown
Asian Cancer Research Centre). From July 2006 to March 2008, Dr. XIA served as a senior scientist and group
leader at PDL BioPharma, Inc. (later acquired by AbbVie). From January 2006 to June 2006, Dr. XIA served as a
senior process development scientist at Bayer Corporation in the U.S.. At both PDL BioPharma and Bayer, Dr. Xia
oversaw CMC, process development and manufacturing of therapeutic protein and antibody drugs. Dr. XIA began
her pharmaceutical career at Axys Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (later acquired by Celera Genomics), where she held both
scientific and managerial roles in drug discovery programs from December 2000 to December 2005, overseeing a
broad range of activities from target validation through IND-enabling studies.

Dr. XIA received her bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from Sun Yat-sen University (中山大學) in the PRC in 1988.
She earned her Ph.D. degree in molecular biology and microbiology from Newcastle University in the U.K. in 1994.
Dr. XIA completed her postdoctoral research training at the University of Glasgow in the U.K. from 1993 to 1996,
and she also conducted the cancer immune therapy research at the University of Louisville School of Medicine in
the U.S from 1996 to 2000. Dr. XIA has published numerous articles in peer-reviewed journals. Dr. XIA is also the
grantee of 16 issued patents and pending patent applications.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      35
     Directors and Senior Management




     Over the years, Dr. XIA has served important roles in numerous influential organizations, including a member of the
     Special Committee for Monoclonal Antibody of the China Medicinal Biotech Association, a committee member of the
     Special Committee for Science and Technology Innovation of China Overseas Returnee Entrepreneur Investment
     Association, an advisory committee member of the Chinese Antibody Society, and a director of Tongxieyi Antibody
     Talent Club. Dr. XIA has also received numerous awards and recognitions for her contributions to both the
     pharmaceutical industry and commercial enterprises, such as “The Seventh National Overseas Returnee
     Contributions Award” in June 2018, and the Innovative and Entrepreneurial Talent awarded by the Ministry of
     Science and Technology of the PRC in March 2014. In July 2015, Dr. XIA and her team were awarded the “Top
     Chinese Overseas Returnee Star-up Company” by the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council, and Dr.
     XIA was also recognized for her role as the team leader of selected innovation and entrepreneurial team winners of
     the Pearl River Talents Scheme of Guangdong Province in April 2018.

     Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.) (夏羽) is the brother of Dr. XIA (夏瑜).

     Dr. LI Baiyong (李百勇), a co-founder of our Group, aged 55, was appointed as the vice president and chief
     scientific officer of our Group since its inception in March 2012. Dr. Li was re-designated as an executive Director
     and was appointed as the senior vice president and chief scientific officer of our Company on November 16, 2019.
     Dr. Li has been the executive vice president and chief scientific office of our Company since 2021. Dr. Li has been
     mainly responsible for leading scientific direction, drug discovery and development, and participating in overall
     strategic planning and business direction. Dr. Li has over 24 years of experience in the therapeutics biologics
     industry. Dr. Li also holds the following positions with other members of our Group:

     •    director (since March 2012), vice president and the chief scientific officer (since April 2012) of Akeso
          Biopharma;

     •    director, the vice president and the chief scientific officer of AD Pharma (since February 2017);

     •    director and deputy general manager of Akeso Pharma (since November 2018); and

     •    director of Zhong Kang Tai He (since September 2018).

     Prior to the establishment of our Group, Dr. Li worked at Pfizer Inc in the US from 1999 to late 2011, where he led
     drug discovery work on a series of cancer immune therapy new drug projects. His last position at Pfizer was
     associate director, focusing on oncology research and leading a series of key innovative immuno-oncology therapy
     projects.

     Prior to joining Pfizer, Dr. Li was a post-doctoral research fellow with Dr. Richard Flavell, a world- renowned
     immunologist, the department head of the Immunology department at Yale University and a member of the US
     National Academy of Science, with the focus of his studies in the field of T cell immunology.

     Dr. Li obtained his bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from Nankai University (南開大學) in the PRC, in 1991. He
     subsequently obtained his Ph.D. degree in molecular and cell biology from the Pennsylvania State University in the
     U.S. in 1996.

     Dr. Li was recognized as a Level 5 talent of the Shortage of High Level Talents of Zhongshan (中山市第五層次緊缺
     適用高層次人才) in December 2014, and was selected in the Pearl River Talents Scheme (珠江人才計劃) in April
     2017. In May 2019, Dr. Li was an awardee in the Zhongshan Top Talents Programme (中山市拔尖人才).




36   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                      Directors and Senior Management




Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell (王忠民), a co-founder of our Group, aged 55, was appointed as the vice president
of our Group since its inception in March 2012 and he was re-designated as an executive Director and was
appointed as the senior vice president of our Company on November 16, 2019. Dr. Wang has been mainly
responsible for clinical operations, sourcing and legal affairs. Dr. Wang has served as a director of Akeso Biopharma
since March 2012, a vice president of AD Pharma since February 2017, and a director of Akeso Pharma since
November 2018.

Prior to the establishment of our Group, Dr. Wang had extensive experience for over 23 years in the therapeutics
biologics industry. He served as the senior research scientist from June 2002 and as a consultant starting from
January 2006 at New Century Pharmaceuticals Inc. in the U.S., and was responsible for advising on structure
determination and modelling of drug targets. Dr. Wang joined Trimeris Inc. as a senior consultant in February 2006
and later, he also served an executive consultant at Ardea Biosciences Inc. from February 2007 to October 2008,
mainly responsible for structure based drug development with Kinases. After returning to China, he joined Crown
Bioscience Inc. (中美冠科生物技術有限公司) in January 2009 as senior director, and was responsible for the
management of the structural biology group and for the business development of protein science department. From
January 2011 to May 2012, Dr. Wang served as the deputy general manager of Taicang CrownBio Analytical and
Testing Company Limited (中美冠科生物技術（太倉）有限公司).

Dr. Wang obtained his bachelor’s degree in physics from University of Science and Technology of China (中國科學
技術大學), China in July 1991. He subsequently pursued his master’s degree in physics at Northeastern University in
the U.S. Dr. Wang obtained his Ph. D. degree in structural & computational biology and molecular biophysics from
Baylor College of Medicine in the U.S., in May 1998. He had published eight scientific papers in international peer-
reviewed journals and is the inventor of five patents during his stay in the U.S.

Dr. Wang was recipient of the Pearl River Talents Scheme (珠江人才計劃) in April 2017. He has also been
recognized as a Level 3 talent of Shortage of High Level Talents of Zhongshan (中山市第三層次緊缺適用高層次人才)
in December 2017. In May 2019, Dr. Wang was an awardee in the Zhongshan Top Talents Program (中山市拔尖人才).

Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.) (夏羽), aged 53, has been a Director since November 1, 2019. Mr. Xia (Ph. D.) was re-
designated as an executive Director and was appointed as the senior vice president of our Company on November
16, 2019, and is mainly responsible for manufacturing, quality and regulatory affairs. Mr. Xia (Ph.D.) joined our
Group in May 2017 where he served as the vice president, and the head of the quality department of both Akeso
Biopharma and AD Pharma. He has also served as the deputy general manager and the head of the production
team of Akeso Pharma since November 2018.

Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Xia (Ph.D.) primarily focused on the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical sector in
Canada and U.S. Mr. Xia (Ph.D.) joined Cardiome Pharma Corp. in October 2005 as a manager and led its analytical
development department, where he focused specifically in the development of drug substances and drug products,
regulatory submissions and regulatory inspections. Since March 2011, Mr. Xia (Ph.D.) joined APOTEX Inc. as the
associate director until December 2013, where he led the product development department. He was responsible for
drug product development and worldwide drug marketing applications. From January 2014 to August 2016, Mr. Xia
(Ph.D.) served as the global quality director at Albany Molecular Research Inc. and was responsible for its product
development and quality system across multiple sites, as well as the handling of regulatory inspections from the
FDA.

Mr. Xia (Ph.D.) obtained his bachelor’s degree in applied chemistry from Peking University (北京大學) in July 1992,
he subsequently obtained a Ph.D. degree in chemistry from the University of Wales in the United Kingdom, in
January 2001.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      37
     Directors and Senior Management




     Mr. Xia (Ph.D.) has published and contributed to four scientific publications. Mr. Xia (Ph.D.) is an awardee of the
     Pearl River Talents Scheme (珠江人才計劃) in April 2017, and has been recognized as a Level 3 talent of the
     Shortage of High Level Talents of Zhongshan (中山市第三層次緊缺適用高層次人才) in December 2017.

     Dr. XIA (夏瑜) is the sister of Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.) (夏羽).

     Non-executive Directors
     Dr. ZHOU Yi (周伊), aged 43, has been a Director since November 1, 2019. Dr. Zhou was re- designated as a non-
     executive Director on November 16, 2019. Dr. Zhou joined our Group as a Director of Akeso Biopharma since July
     2015 until November 2019.

     Dr. Zhou was an analyst in pharmaceutical industry at Shenzhen Capital Group Co., Ltd from May 2012 to
     September 2017. Since October 2017, Dr. Zhou has served as the general manager of health industry fund in
     Shenzhen Capital Group Co., Ltd.

     Dr. Zhou obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Hengyang Normal University in June 2006, a master’s
     degree in organic chemistry from Hunan Normal University in June 2007, and further received a Ph.D. degree in
     medicinal chemistry from Peking University in July 2011.

     Mr. XIE Ronggang (謝榕剛), aged 39, was appointed as a non-executive Director from August 19, 2020. Mr. Xie has
     around 13 years of investment experience. He obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in biomedical
     engineering from Southeast University, the PRC in 2008 and 2011, respectively. Mr. Xie worked at Oriza Holdings
     from April 2011 to October 2015 and has been the managing director of Loyal Valley Capital since 2018.

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. ZENG Junwen (曾駿文), aged 62, an independent non-executive Director, is responsible for supervising and
     providing independent advice and judgment to our Board.

     Dr. Zeng has over 24 years’ experience in ophthalmic industry. From September 1984 to June 1986, Dr. Zeng was a
     resident physician at the Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center (the “Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center”) of the Sun Yat-sen
     University (中山大學). He was appointed as adjunct assistant professor of ophthalmology and visual sciences at the
     University of Louisville between July 1998 and June 2001. Dr. Zeng returned to Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center in
     March 1998 as the director of technology development and the assistant to the head of Zhongshan Ophthalmic
     Center, then served as the deputy head and deputy supervisor of Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center from January 1999
     until February 2002. From March 2002 to February 2012, he was the head of the optometry center at the same
     institution. From February 2012 to November 2017, Dr. Zeng also served as the head of ophthalmology department
     and optometry department of the Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center. Since November 2017, Dr. Zeng has been working
     as the head of refractive department of the Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center.

     Dr. Zeng obtained his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine in August 1984 from Sun Yat-sen University School of
     Medicine. He received his Ph.D. degree in Biochemistry in May 1993 from Meharry Medical College in Nashville, the
     U.S. Dr. Zeng is currently licensed to practice medicine in the PRC. Dr. Zeng has served as an independent director
     of Doctorglass Chain Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300622), since
     January 2018.




38   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                      Directors and Senior Management




Dr. XU Yan (徐岩), aged 60, an independent non-executive Director, is responsible for providing independent
advice and judgment to our Board. Dr. Xu’s experience prior to joining our group is set forth below.

Between 1987 and 1992, Dr. Xu worked as a lecturer at the Department of Management in the Beijing University of
Post and Telecommunications. From September 1997 to June 2004, he first worked as a visiting assistant professor,
and beginning in September 1999, as an assistant professor of information and systems management in the
Department of Information and Systems Management, School of Business and Management at the Hong Kong
University of Science and Technology (“HKUST”). Dr. Xu served as an associate professor from July 2004, and from
July 2019 onwards served as a professor in the Department of Information Systems, Business Statistics and
Operations Management, School of Business and Management of HKUST. Since 2011, he has also served as the
associate dean of the EMBA Program for Chinese executives, executive education and China strategy in the School
of Business and Management at HKUST.

Dr. Xu obtained his bachelor’s degree in radio communications engineering and master’s degree in communications
and electronic system from the Beijing University of Post and Telecommunications, PRC in July 1984 and July 1987
respectively. He further received his Ph.D. degree in telecommunications policy from University of Strathclyde, UK in
July 1997.

Dr. Xu has served as the independent non-executive director of China Display Optoelectronics Technology Holdings
Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 00334), since June 2015.

Mr. TAN Bo, aged 50, is an independent non-executive Director with effect from the Listing Date. He is responsible
for supervising and providing independent advice and judgment to our Board.

Mr. Tan has extensive experience within the financial and pharmaceutical industries, and has worked in private
equity, equity research and commercial sectors. He worked as a senior analyst at Macquarie Securities Asia in
Hong Kong from October 2004 to February 2006. From March 2006 to March 2007, he served as a vice president in
the equity research division of Lehman Brothers Asia Limited. From April 2007 to September 2008, he served as an
executive director and a member of the investment committee of Bohai Industrial Investment Fund Management
Company, a private equity fund in China. From 2009 to December 2019, Mr. Tan worked at 3SBio Inc., a company
listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1530), and served as its vice president, chief financial officer, and
executive director.

Mr. Tan has served as an independent non-executive director of Globe Metals & Mining (a company listed on the
Australian Securities Exchange with stock code of GBE) since October 9, 2013.

Mr. Tan has served as an independent non-executive director of Everest Medicines Limited, a company listed on
the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1952) since September 2020.

Mr. Tan obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Renmin University of China in July 1994, a master’s degree
in economics from the University of Connecticut in December 1996 and a master of International Management from
American Graduate School of International Management in August 1998.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      39
     Directors and Senior Management




     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Dr. XIA Yu (夏瑜) is the president and chief executive officer of our Company. Please refer to the paragraph headed
     “— Directors — Executive Directors” above for her biographical details.

     Dr. LI Baiyong (李百勇), is the executive vice president and chief scientific officer of our Company. Please refer to
     the paragraph headed “— Directors — Executive Directors” above for his biographical details.

     Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell (王忠民), is the senior vice president of our Company. Please refer to the paragraph
     headed “— Directors — Executive Directors” above for his biographical details.

     Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.) (夏羽), the senior vice president of our Company. Please refer to the paragraph headed “—
     Directors — Executive Directors” above for his biographical details.

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Ms. LEUNG Wai Yan (梁慧欣), was appointed as a joint company secretary of our Company on August 23, 2022.
     Ms. Leung is currently a manager of corporate services of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited. She has over 16
     years of experience in providing company secretarial services to numerous listed and private companies.

     Ms. Leung obtained a Bachelor of Business (Administrative Management) from University of South Australia. She
     has been an associate member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and an associate member of The
     Chartered Governance Institute in United Kingdom since 2009.

     CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
     Save as disclosed in this annual report and as at the date of this annual report, there are no other changes to the
     Directors’ information as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




40   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                   REPORT OF DIRECTORS


The Board is pleased to present this report of Directors together with the audited consolidated financial statements
of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023.

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of this annual report
are:

Executive Directors:
Dr. XIA Yu ( 夏瑜 )(Chairwoman, president, and chief executive officer)
Dr. LI Baiyong ( 李百勇 )
Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell ( 王忠民 )
Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.) ( 夏羽 )

Non-executive Directors:
Dr. ZHOU Yi ( 周伊 )
Mr. XIE Ronggang ( 謝榕剛 )

Independent Non-executive Directors:
Dr. ZENG Junwen ( 曾駿文 )
Dr. XU Yan ( 徐岩 )
Mr. TAN Bo

Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out in the section headed
“Directors and Senior Management” on pages 35 to 40 of this annual report.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The Company’s subsidiaries were involved in research and
development, production and commercialization of biopharmaceutical products.

The activities and particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are shown under Note 1 to the financial statements. An
analysis of the Group’s results for the year ended December 31, 2023 by principal activities of the Group is set out
in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.

BUSINESS REVIEW
A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
the Laws of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance, an indication of likely future
developments in the Group’s business and the Group’s key relationships with its stakeholders who have a significant
impact on the Group and on which the Group’s success depends, is set out in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. These discussions form part of this annual report. Events affecting
the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year is set out in the section headed “Important
Events After The Reporting Period” in this annual report.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.     41
     Report of Directors




     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group is committed to achieving environmental sustainability. The Group endeavours to comply with the
     relevant laws and regulations regarding environmental protection and adopt effective measures to achieve efficient
     use of resources, waste reduction and energy saving. For instance, the in-house facilities of the Group operate in
     compliance with the relevant environmental rules and regulations. The Group reviews its environmental policies on a
     regular basis.

     Further details of the Company’s environmental policies and performance are disclosed in the environmental, social
     and governance report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 which shall be published separately.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant
     laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group, details of which
     could be referred to the section headed “Regulatory Overview” in the Prospectus. The Group has compliance
     policies and procedures in place and would seek professional legal advice from its legal advisers to ensure that
     transactions and business to be performed by the Group are in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.
     Save as disclosed in this report, during the year ended December 31, 2023, there was no material breach of, or
     non-compliance, with applicable laws and regulations by the Group.

     HUMAN RESOURCES
     As at December 31, 2023, the Group had a total of 2,778 (2022: 2,341) employees and the total staff costs for the
     Reporting Period (including directors’ emoluments) were RMB847.1 million (2022: RMB624.1 million). Remuneration
     of our employee is determined with reference to market conditions and individual employees’ performance,
     qualification and experience. In line with the performance of the Group and individual employees, a competitive
     remuneration package is offered to retain employees, including salaries, discretionary bonuses and contributions to
     benefit plans (including pensions). During the Reporting Period, the relationship between the Group and our
     employees has been stable. We had not experienced any strikes or other labor disputes which materially affected
     our business activities. We provide training programs to employees, including new hire orientation and continuous
     on-the-job training in order to accelerate the learning progress and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our
     employees.

     RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEME
     The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are members of the state-managed retirement benefits scheme operated by
     the PRC government. The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their
     payroll to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to this
     retirement benefits scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme. During the year ended
     December 31, 2023, under the PRC retirement benefits scheme, no forfeited contribution will be used by the
     employers to reduce the existing level of contributions.

     In addition, the Group has 2 employee who is required to participate in the Mandatory Provident Fund in Hong Kong.
     Under the Mandatory Provident Fund scheme participated by the Group (the “MPF Scheme”), the Group is required
     to make contributions at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, capped at HK$1,500 per month. The Group’s
     employer contributions vest fully when contributed into the MPF Scheme. During the year ended December 31,
     2023, there were no contributions forfeited by the Group on behalf of its employees who leave the plan prior to
     vesting fully in such contribution, nor had there been any utilization of such forfeited contributions to reduce future
     contributions. No forfeited contributions were available for utilization by the Group to reduce the existing level of
     contributions.




42   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            Report of Directors




Details of the pension obligations of the Company are set out in Note 2.4 and Note 6 to the financial statements in
this annual report.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in Note 35
to the financial statements contained herein. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company conducted the
following continuing connected transactions which should be disclosed pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules.

A.   The Exclusive Sales Agreement
     On December 20, 2021, the Company’s subsidiaries, CTTQ-Akeso and Akeso Biopharma entered into an
     exclusive sales agreement of Penpulimab Monoclonal Antibody Injection (“MAb Products”) with Chia Tai
     Tianqing and LYG Tianqing (the “Exclusive Sales Agreement”) to set forth details of the terms and conditions
     of the exclusive right to sell granted to Chia Tai Tianqing. Pursuant to the Exclusive Sales Agreement, (i) CTTQ-
     Akeso, a subsidiary of the Company, authorized LYG Tianqing (or the subsidiaries of Chia Tai Tianqing and
     LYG Tianqing) as the sole sales unit of MAb Products in the PRC which is fully responsible for the sales
     activities of MAb Products. Chia Tai Tianqing will devote resources in the market development and product
     promotion and sales to assist LYG Tianqing in sales network construction. CCTQ-Akeso shall pay selling and
     marketing costs to Chia Tai Tianqing (or the subsidiaries of Chia Tai Tianqing and LYG Tianqing) in
     accordance with the Exclusive Sales Agreement; and (ii) CTTQ-Akeso shall supply MAb Products to LYG
     Tianqing and its subsidiaries, which shall pay the purchase price to CTTQ-Akeso in accordance with the
     Exclusive Sales Agreement.

     In light of the fact that (i) Chia Tai Tianqing holds 50% equity interest in CTTQ-Akeso, a non-wholly owned
     subsidiary of the Company; and (ii) LYG Tianqing is wholly-owned by Chia Tai Tianqing, each of Chia Tai
     Tianqing and LYG Tianqing is a connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level under Rule
     14A.06(9) of the Listing Rules, and the Exclusive Sales Agreement and the transactions contemplated
     thereunder constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company. For details, please refer to the
     announcements of the Company dated December 20, 2021 and January 31, 2022.

     The Directors consider that the Exclusive Sales Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder will
     be beneficial to the Group given that the Group can leverage on the established sales network and resources
     of Chia Tai Tianqing and the commercialization of MAb Products can be facilitated.

     Pricing
     Pursuant to the Exclusive Sales Agreement, CTTQ-Akeso shall supply MAb Products to LYG Tianqing and its
     subsidiaries, which shall pay the purchase price to CTTQ-Akeso in accordance with the Exclusive Sales
     Agreement. The purchase price is calculated based on the public selling price of MAb Products which will be
     published in the China Medical Tribune ( 中 國 醫 學 論 壇 報 ) or other public channels from time to time, less
     discounts and rebates set in accordance with the market practice in the industry. LYG Tianqing or its
     subsidiaries shall pay the purchase price to CTTQ-Akeso in two instalments (10% as prepayment and the
     remaining outstanding purchase price shall be paid 60 days after delivery of the products) according to the
     respective purchase agreement entered into with CTTQ Akeso.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      43
     Report of Directors




          During the effective term of the Exclusive Sales Agreement, CTTQ-Akeso, as the marketing authorization
          holder of MAb Products, has authorized LYG Tianqing (or the subsidiaries of Chia Tai Tianqing and LYG
          Tianqing) to be the sole sales unit of MAb Products in the PRC which is fully responsible for the sales activities
          of MAb Products in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Exclusive Sales Agreement. Chia Tai
          Tianqing will devote resources in the market development and product promotion and sales to assist LYG
          Tianqing (or the subsidiaries of Chia Tai Tianqing and LYG Tianqing) in sales network construction. The selling
          and marketing costs shall be payable by CTTQ-Akeso to Chia Tai Tianqing within 60 days after the end of
          each month on a monthly basis. The selling and marketing costs are calculated by multiplying the net sales
          amount (i.e. sales amount after deducting discounts and rebates set in accordance with the market practice in
          the industry and relevant taxes) by a fixed rate for the selling costs under the Exclusive Sales Agreement. The
          fixed rate for the selling costs is determined with reference to the expected market development costs, sales
          channel maintenance fee and other selling and marketing costs (including but not limited to staff and
          supplies), which is not less than 35% across the term of the Exclusive Sales Agreement.

          Annual caps
          The annual caps for the transactions under the Exclusive Sales Agreement are set out below:

                                                                                       Selling and
                                                                                 marketing service          Sale of MAb
                                                                                  costs payable by      Products to LYG
                                                                                   CTTQ-Akeso to        Tianqing and its
          Proposed annual caps for the year ending                               Chia Tai Tianqing          subsidiaries
                                                                                      (RMB million)        (RMB million)


          December 31, 2021                                                                     200                   300
          December 31, 2022                                                                   2,000                 4,000
          December 31, 2023                                                                   2,500                 5,000
          December 31, 2024                                                                   3,000                 6,000
          December 31, 2025                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2026                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2027                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2028                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2029                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2030                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2031                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2032                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2033                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2034                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2035                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2036                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2037                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2038                                                                   3,500                 7,000
          December 31, 2039                                                                   3,500                 7,000

          During the Reporting Period, the selling and marketing service costs payable by CTTQ-Akeso to Chia Tai
          Tianqing and the amount of revenue of MAb Products Sales to LYG Tianqing and its subsidiaries under the
          Exclusive Sales Agreement were RMB120,000 and RMB117,116,000, respectively, which were within the
          proposed annual cap for the year ended December 31, 2023.




44   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                Report of Directors




B.   The Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement
     On September 20, 2022, in relation to the phase III registration trial of Penpulimab for the treatment of
     hepatocellular carcinoma, CTTQ-Akeso entered into the master materials and services procurement
     agreement with Chia Tai Tianqing (the “Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement”). Pursuant
     to the Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement, CTTQ-Akeso (and/or its subsidiaries (if
     applicable)) shall procure and Chia Tai Tianqing shall provide, in relation to the phase III registration trial of
     Penpulimab for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma, (i) certain pharmaceutical and clinical medical
     materials (including but not limited to reagents and control drugs) (the “Clinical Materials”); and (ii) certain
     clinical trial services (including but not limit to designing clinical trial, establishing clinical trial centres, and
     arranging patient enrolment in clinical trial) (the “Clinical Services”). The Master Materials and Services
     Procurement Agreement shall take effect retrospectively from January 1, 2022 for a term of three years until
     December 31, 2024.

     In light of the fact that Chia Tai Tianqing holds 50% equity interest in CTTQ-Akeso, a non-wholly owned and
     significant subsidiary of the Company, Chia Tai Tianqing is a connected person of the Company at the
     subsidiary level under Rule 14A.06(9) of the Listing Rules, and the Master Materials and Services Procurement
     Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute continuing connected transactions of the
     Company. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated September 20, 2022.

     The Directors consider that the Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement and the Transactions
     contemplated thereunder will be beneficial to the Group given that the Group can leverage on the expertise
     and resources of Chia Tai Tianqing on the Clinical Services. Further, the Company can achieve economies of
     scale through procuring Clinical Materials through Chia Tai Tianqing. The business collaboration between the
     Group and Chia Tai Tianqing can be further strengthened through the Master Materials and Services
     Procurement Agreement, in particular in respect of the R&D of Penpulimab.

     Pricing and payment terms
     The purchase costs of the Clinical Materials shall be determined based on the actual costs incurred for the
     procurement or provision of the relevant Clinical Materials, without making any profit. The purchase costs of
     the Clinical Services shall be determined based on the actual costs incurred in connection with the provision
     of the relevant Clinical Services (including costs of labour involved in the provision of the Clinical Services,
     costs of outsourcing services and procurement costs of any materials), without making any profit. Chia Tai
     Tianqing shall provide the supporting documents to CTTQ-Akeso in relation to the actual costs incurred by
     Chia Tai Tianqing as basis of determination of the purchase costs of the Clinical Materials and Clinical
     Services.

     The Company will only enter into an individual service agreement with Chia Tai Tianqing if the purchase costs
     charged by Chia Tai Tianqing in respect of the Clinical Materials and Clinical Services are not less favorable to
     the Company than those offered by other independent third parties in the market to the Company

     CTTQ-Akeso and Chia Tai Tianqing shall reconcile the amount of Transactions semi-annually, and CTTQ-
     Akeso shall transfer the purchase costs of Clinical Materials and Clinical Services to Chia Tai Tianqing within
     15 working days after the reconciliation or other payment date as mutually agreed by the parties.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.        45
     Report of Directors




          Annual caps
          The annual caps for the transactions under the Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement are set
          out below:

                                                                                                        Annual caps for the purchase
                                                                                                       costs payable by CTTQ-Akeso
                                                                                                          to Chia Tai Tianqing for the
                                                                                                                 Clinical Services and
          Proposed annual caps for the year ending                                                            Clinical Materials (Note)
                                                                                                                             (RMB’000)


          December 31, 2022                                                                                                           58,000
          December 31, 2023                                                                                                           69,000
          December 31, 2024                                                                                                           69,000

          Note: As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated September 20, 2022 in relation to the Master Materials and Services
                Procurement Agreement, the proposed annual caps for the purchase costs payable by CTTQ-Akeso to Chia Tai Tianqing for Clinical
                Services were RMB50 million, RMB60 million and RMB60 million for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024; and the
                proposed annual caps for the purchase costs payable by CTTQ-Akeso to Chia Tai Tianqing for Clinical Materials were RMB8 million,
                RMB9 million and RMB9 million for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024.


          During the Reporting Period, the purchase costs payable by CTTQ-Akeso to Chia Tai Tianqing under the
          Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement were RMB106.8 million, which exceeded the proposed
          annual cap for the year ended December 31, 2023 for RMB37.8 million.

          In the course of finalising the annual results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023, it came to the
          attention of the Company that the purchase costs payable by CTTQ-Akeso to Chia Tai Tianqing for Clinical
          Services and Clinical Materials was approximately RMB61.7 million and RMB45.1 million, respectively, which
          exceeded the 2023 annual caps of RMB60 million and RMB9 million as stated in the CCT Announcement by
          approximately RMB1.7 million and RMB36.1 million (the “Exceeded Purchase Costs”), respectively. For
          details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated April 28, 2024.

          The Exceeded Purchase Costs are mainly attributable to the higher-than-expected orders for the Clinical
          Services and Clinical Materials placed by CTTQ-Akeso with Chia Tai Tianqing. As disclosed in the
          announcement of the Company dated September 20, 2022, the proposed annual caps for the transactions
          under the Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement were determined with reference to, among
          others, the expected clinical progress of Penpulimab in the future and that the research and development
          activities on Penpulimab is expected to continue increase. As disclosed in the announcement, the Company
          expected that the transaction amount to be incurred for Clinical Services would increase while the transaction
          amount to be incurred for Clinical Materials would decrease, having considered (a) the procurement plan of
          Clinical Materials taking into account the clinical progress of Penpulimab; and (b) some of the Clinical
          Materials procured in previous year did not need to be further procured in the near future with reference to the
          expected clinical progress of Penpulimab. However, as a result of the latest clinical progress and research
          and development activities on Penpulimab undertook by the Group during 2023, the Group had procured
          additional Clinical Materials for the research and development activities on Penpulimab than it had expected.




46   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                             Report of Directors




C.   Internal control measures
     In order to ensure that the Company complies with the terms of the Master Materials and Services Procurement
     Agreement in accordance with the Listing Rules and the terms are fair and reasonable and that the Company
     complies with the pricing terms thereunder, and to ensure timely monitoring of the conduct of connected
     transactions, the Company has adopted the following internal control measures:

     (1)   The finance department is responsible to monitor the continuing connected transactions. The Company
           will also conduct periodic review on the guideline it adopted in relation to the conduct of connected
           transactions under the Listing Rules;

     (2)   The finance department and the compliance department of the Company will review and consider the
           relevant information and materials to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules;

     (3)   To ensure that the Company do not exceed the proposed annual caps under the Master Materials and
           Services Procurement Agreement, the finance department of the Company shall record the Transactions
           amount at least quarterly. The Company will check with Chia Tai Tianqing on the purchase costs incurred
           in relation to the purchase of Clinical Materials and Clinical Services to ensure the annual caps will not be
           exceeded, and frequently consult the auditor of the Company on the purchase costs incurred if there is
           any discrepancy. In the event that the purchase costs incurred and to be incurred is expected to reach
           the proposed annual caps, the finance department will follow up forthwith by reporting and proposing a
           response to the management of the Company, and in case that an amendment to the proposed annual
           caps is required, report particulars to the Board and hold a Board meeting for considering the matters
           thereabout to ensure compliance with the requirements under the Listing Rules;

     (4)   The legal department of the Company will monitor the individual transactions between the Group and
           Chia Tai Tianqing are conducted within the scope of the Master Materials and Services Procurement
           Agreement;

     (5)   The finance department of the Company will regularly obtain quotations from independent third parties to
           determine the prevailing price being charged by independent third parties under ordinary course of
           business for providing the required Clinical Materials and Clinical Services in the PRC;

     (6)   The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and will continue to review the transactions
           under the Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement to ensure that the terms of the
           transactions thereunder are fair and reasonable, on normal commercial terms, in the ordinary and usual
           course of business of the Group and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole;
           and

     (7)   The auditors of the Company will review the pricing policies and annual caps of the Master Materials and
           Services Procurement Agreement annually.

     Further, to ensure timely identification of notifiable transactions and connected transactions, the following
     measures have been adopted by the Company:

     (1)   The Group conducts a compliance check on a monthly basis based on the checklist circulated by its
           legal adviser covering different aspects of compliance matters under the Listing Rules;

     (2)   Responsible persons had been identified at the Company and subsidiary level responsible for monitoring
           notifiable transactions and connected transactions. Trainings will be arranged and conducted by its legal
           adviser for these responsible persons on an ongoing basis on the classification and compliance
           requirements for notifiable transactions and connected transactions under the Listing Rules in order to
           strengthen and reinforce their existing knowledge in this regard;


                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       47
     Report of Directors




          (3)   Prior to entering into any relevant potential notifiable or connected transaction, the finance team will
                perform size test analysis accordingly. Where disclosure threshold is met, the finance team will notify the
                management and external legal adviser on the details of the proposed transaction and discuss the
                necessary procedures for the purpose of complying with the Listing Rules;

          (4)   The Company will arrange to conduct ongoing review at least semi-annually and update the record of
                connected persons of the Company when necessary, such that the Company will have an updated
                record of connected persons for the purpose of identifying potential connected transactions in the future.
                The Company will work more closely with its external legal adviser on all compliance issues on a timely
                basis, in particular before entering into any potential notifiable or connected transactions, where
                necessary; and

          (5)   The Company will monitor the transaction amount incurred in respect of any related party transaction(s)
                in its management account and report to the management on a monthly basis.

          The Exceeded Purchase Costs under the Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement was an
          inadvertent oversight and an isolated event. In order to prevent the occurrence of similar events in the future,
          the Company also implemented the following enhanced measures to strengthen the internal monitoring
          procedures:

          1.    training sessions shall be provided to the Group’s relevant employees of business operation and finance
                department, to solidify their knowledge of the relevant Listing Rules and their awareness of the
                importance of Listing Rules compliance;

          2.    the finance department of the Company shall record the transactions amount at least monthly. In the
                event that the transaction amounts incurred and to be incurred is expected to reach the proposed annual
                caps, the finance department will follow up forthwith by reporting and proposing a response to the
                management of the Company, and in case that an amendment to the proposed annual caps is required,
                report particulars to the Board and hold a Board meeting for considering the matters thereabout to
                ensure compliance with the requirements under the Listing Rules;

          3.    more frequent reviews shall be conducted on the transactions between the Group and its connected
                persons. In particular, finance department and the compliance department of the Company will review
                and consider the relevant information and materials to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules; and

          4.    internal supervision shall be enhanced over the transaction amounts in relation to continuing connected
                transactions of the Group, including the monthly reporting to the Board and the finance department of
                the accumulated transaction amount of the continuing connected transactions and the percentage of
                annual caps reached by such accumulated transaction amount.

          The Company will strictly comply with the requirements under the Listing Rules should there be any necessary
          adjustments on the annual caps of the Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement for the year
          ending December 31, 2024.

          The Board reviews and monitors the abovementioned internal control measures and additional measures
          adopted by the Company regularly to ensure the continued implementation and effectiveness of such
          measures. The implementation of the abovementioned internal control measures and additional measures
          have been reviewed by the Board during the Reporting Period. As a result of the Exceeded Purchase Costs,
          the Company has also adopted enhanced internal control measures as disclosed above.




48   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                               Report of Directors




D.   Annual Review by the Independent Non-executive Directors
     Our independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the transactions under the Exclusive Sales
     Agreement and the Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement and confirmed that the
     transactions have been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company, on normal
     commercial terms or better, and in accordance with relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair
     and reasonable and in the interest of the Company and Shareholders as a whole.

E.   Confirmation of the auditor
     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in
     accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements
     Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740
     “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Company’s auditor has issued a letter containing the
     findings and conclusions in respect of the abovementioned continuing connected transactions (including the
     Exclusive Sales Agreement and the Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement) in accordance
     with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, which is qualified by the Exceeded Purchase Costs disclosed above in
     relation to the Master Materials and Services Procurement Agreement.

     Save for the Exceeded Purchase Costs disclosed above, the auditor of the Company had informed the Board
     and confirmed nothing has come to their attention that cause them to believe that the continuing connected
     transactions:

     i.     have not been approved by the Board;

     ii.    are not carried out in accordance with the pricing policies in all material respects;

     iii.   are not entered into in accordance with the related transaction agreement in any material respects; and

     iv.    exceed the relevant annual caps as disclosed in this annual report.

     Pursuant to Rule 14A.101 of the Listing Rules, each of the Exclusive Sales Agreement and the Master Materials
     and Services Procurement Agreement is subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review
     requirements and is exempt from the circular, independent financial advice and independent Shareholders’
     approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (except for the independent financial adviser
     engaged to advise on, among others, the reason for the long period of the Exclusive Sales Agreement). The
     Directors also confirmed that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A
     of the Listing Rules in respect of each of the Exclusive Sales Agreement and the Master Materials and Services
     Procurement Agreement.

     Save as disclosed above, none of the related party transactions disclosed in Note 35 to the financial
     statements contained herein constitute any connected transaction or any continuing connected transaction
     which should be disclosed pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The transactions between the Group
     and SUMMIT during the Reporting Period as set out in Note 35 to the financial statements were not connected
     transactions, as SUMMIT is not a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
     Save as disclosed above, the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of
     the Listing Rules.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.   49
     Report of Directors




     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group recognized revenue of RMB4,526.3 million, consisting of total
     sales of RMB4,553.9 million from products and licensing fee, net of distribution cost of RMB27.6 million. Our
     customers primarily consist of commercial customers and distributors with good scale advantages (or group
     customers). We generally provide credit terms to our customers ranging from 45 to 270 days. When determining the
     credit term of a customer or a distributor, we consider a number of factors, including its cash flow conditions and
     creditworthiness. We have policies in place to monitor and manage the settlement of trade receivables and our
     subsequent settlement of trade receivables with our top five major customers have been in line with those with our
     other customers and no provisions are necessary. To monitor the settlement of our trade receivables and avoid
     credit losses, we conduct annual review of each customer’s or distributor’s financial performance, which is primarily
     based on the amount and aging of the trade receivables due from such customer or distributor in the respective
     period. During the Reporting Period, sales from the Group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately
     75.4% (2022: 29.7%) of the Group’s total revenue amount. The Group’s largest customer for the year ended
     December 31, 2023 is SUMMIT, which accounted for approximately 64.8% of the Group’s total revenue amount for
     the same year (2022: 14.1%). SUMMIT became our largest customer for the year ended December 31, 2023 as we
     received the upfront payment of the license agreement of ivonescimab (AK112, PD-1/VEGF) from SUMMIT. The
     Board believes that the Company has a diverse customer base and there was no material reliance on major
     customers and no material related risk was noted in the reporting period.

     To the best of the Company’s knowledge, Dr. XIA Yu (夏瑜), chairwoman and chief executive officer of the Company,
     who is also a director of SUMMIT, held options to purchase 8,750 shares of SUMMIT. Save and except disclosed,
     none of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any shareholder of the Company who, to the knowledge
     of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued capital, has any interest in any of the Group’s five
     largest customers.

     For the year ended December 31, 2023, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for
     approximately 26.2% (2022: 30.3%) of the Group’s total purchase amount. The Group’s largest supplier for the year
     ended December 31, 2023 accounted for approximately 8.1% (2022: 11.0%) of the Group’s total purchase amount
     for the same year.

     None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any shareholder of the Company who, to the knowledge
     of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued capital, has any interest in any of the Group’s five
     largest suppliers.

     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group did not experience any significant disputes with its customers
     or suppliers.

     RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
     The Group understands the importance of maintaining a good relationship with its employees, suppliers, customers
     and other stakeholders to meet its immediate and long-term goals. The Group will continue to ensure effective
     communication and maintain good relationship with each of its key stakeholders.

     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are
     beyond its control.

     •    We may need additional capital to meet our operating cash requirements;

     •    We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the
          development and commercialization of our drug candidates if our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety
          and efficacy to the satisfaction to the regulatory authorities;
50   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                               Report of Directors




•    We may not be able to identify, discover, develop new drug candidates;

•    We may be unable to commercialize our drug candidates on a timely basis since clinical drug development
     involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome;

•    We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout out the world or prevent unfair
     competition by third parties;

•    We sometimes work with third parties to develop our drug candidates and have entered into collaborations
     and may form or seek collaborations or strategic alliances in the future, which is subject to risks.

However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own
investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, is
set out on page 180 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial
statements.

ADVANCE TO ENTITY PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company had not provided any advance to an entity which is
subject to disclosure requirement under Rule 13.20 of the Listing Rules.

BREACH OF LOAN AGREEMENT
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company had not breached any terms of its loan agreements for
loans that are significant to its operations.

FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AND GUARANTEES TO AFFILIATED COMPANIES
BY THE COMPANY
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company had not provided any financial assistance and guarantees
to affiliated companies of the Company which is subject to disclosure requirements under Rule 13.22 of the Listing
Rules.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES
The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their respective
holding of the Company’s securities.

SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the financial statements.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      51
     Report of Directors




     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the year ended
     December 31, 2023 are set out in Note 13 to the financial statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in
     Note 28 to the financial statements.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     According to the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Board, as at
     the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained the public float as required under the Listing Rules.

     DONATION
     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group made charitable donations of approximately RMB23.6 million
     (2022: RMB11.8 million).

     DEBENTURE ISSUED
     The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: Nil).

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed
     during the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: Nil).

     RESULTS AND DIVIDEND
     The consolidation results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out on pages 99 to 100 of this
     annual report.

     The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend to the Shareholders for the Reporting Period (year
     ended December 31, 2022: Nil).

     As of December 31, 2023, there is no arrangement that a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY
     Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director, Auditor or
     other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses
     or liabilities incurred or sustained by him as a Director, Auditor or other officer of the Company in defending any
     proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his favour, or in which he is acquitted.

     Such permitted indemnity provision is currently in force and has been in force for the year ended December 31,
     2023. The Company has taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.




52   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                              Report of Directors




RESERVES
As at December 31, 2023, the Company had distributable reserves of RMB5,143,796,000 (2022:
RMB5,169,255,000). Details of the movements in the reserves of the Company during the year ended December 31,
2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of the financial statements.

BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group (including the maturity profile of borrowings and
committed banking facilities) as at December 31, 2023 are set out in this annual report and Note 25 to the financial
statements. There is no material seasonality of borrowing requirements for the Group.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of 3 years with
effect from the Listing Date, which shall be renewed automatically for 3 years unless being terminated.

Each of the other non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has signed a letter of
appointment with the Company for an initial term of 3 years with effect from the Listing Date subject to renewal.

All of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, excluding Mr. XIE Ronggang, have
renewed a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years commencing from April 20, 2023. Mr.
XIE Ronggang, a non-executive Director, has renewed a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three
years commencing from August 19, 2023.

None of the Directors proposed has a service contract which is not terminable by the Group within one year without
payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a
material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which
the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting has
entered into any service agreement or letter of appointment with any member of the Group (excluding agreements
expiring or determinable by any member of the Group within one year without payment of compensation other than
statutory compensation) during or at the end of the year ended December 31, 2023.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year ended December 31, 2023, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in
the Listing Rules) had any interest in a business that competed or was likely to compete, either directly or indirectly,
with the business of the Group, other than being a director of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. From time to time
our non-executive Directors may serve on the boards of both private and public companies within the broader
healthcare and biopharmaceutical industries. However, as these non-executive Directors are not members of our
executive management team, we do not believe that their interests in such companies as directors would render us
incapable of carrying on our business independently from the other companies in which these Directors may hold
directorships from time to time.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       53
     Report of Directors




     ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     At no time during the year ended December 31, 2023 was the Company, its holding company, or any of its
     subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
     Shares in, or debt securities including debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF
     ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As at December 31, 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
     Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO), which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
     Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she was taken or deemed
     to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded
     in the register referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

     Interest in Shares and underlying Shares
                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                                                                   Number of                 shares in
     Name of Director                       Capacity/Nature of interest                                          Shares held(1)                issue(2)


     Dr. XIA Yu                             Interest in controlled corporation(3)                               21,000,000 (L)                      2.50%
                                            Trustee and settlor of a discretionary trust(4)                     57,771,042 (L)                      6.87%
                                            Enforcer(5)                                                         25,683,829 (L)                      3.05%
                                            Interest held though voting powers                                 132,030,582 (L)                     15.70%
                                               entrusted by other persons(6)
     Dr. LI Baiyong                         Interest in controlled corporation(7)                                10,934,640 (L)                     1.30%
                                            Trustee and settlor of a discretionary trust(8)                      42,738,554 (L)                     5.08%
     Dr. WANG Zhongmin                      Interest in controlled corporation(9)                                31,492,881 (L)                     3.74%
       Maxwell
                                            Trustee and settlor of a discretionary trust(10)                     13,706,442 (L)                     1.63%
     Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.)                     Beneficial interest                                                   5,019,296 (L)                     0.60%

     Notes:

     (1)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

     (2)      Based on a total of 841,057,176 Shares in issue of the Company as at December 31, 2023.

     (3)      XIA LLC is a company incorporated in the United States, with all of its voting shares held by Dr. XIA Yu. Dr. XIA Yu is deemed to be interested
              in the Shares held by XIA LLC.

     (4)      Dr. XIA Yu is the settlor and trustee of XIA Trust, with certain of her family members as beneficiaries. She is therefore deemed to be interested
              in the Shares held by XIA Trust under the SFO.

     (5)      Aquae Hyperion Limited holds the Shares underlying the awards under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme for the ESOP Trust. Dr. XIA Yu acts as the
              settlor and enforcer and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Aquae Hyperion Limited. Zedra Trust Company (Cayman)
              Limited is the trustee of the ESOP Trust, which indirectly holds Shares as trust property through Aquae Hyperion Limited, and is therefore
              deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Aquae Hyperion Limited.




54   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                          Report of Directors




(6)      Dr. LI Baiyong, Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell, Dr. ZHANG Peng, and their controlled corporations entered into agreement with Dr. XIA Yu to
         entrust her with their voting rights in 132,030,582 Shares.

(7)      LI LLC is a holding company incorporated in the United States, with all of its voting shares held by Dr. LI Baiyong. Dr. LI Baiyong is deemed to
         be interested in the Shares held by LI LLC.

(8)      Dr. LI Baiyong is the settlor and trustee of LI Trust, with certain of his family members as beneficiaries. He is therefore deemed to be interested
         in the Shares held by LI Trust under the SFO.

(9)      WANG LLC is a holding company incorporated in the United States, with all of its voting shares held by Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell. Dr.
         WANG Zhongmin Maxwell is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by WANG LLC.

(10)     Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell is the settlor and trustee of WANG Trust, with certain of his family members as beneficiaries. He is therefore
         deemed to be interested in the Shares held by WANG Trust under the SFO.


Save as disclosed in this annual report and to the best knowledge of the Directors, as at December 31, 2023, none
of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company has any interests and/or short positions in the Shares,
underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register
referred to therein or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
So far as is known to any Director or chief executive of the Company, as at December 31, 2023, the following
corporations/persons (other than the Directors or the chief executive of the Company) had interests of 5% or more in
the issued shares of the Company according to the register of interests required to be kept by the Company under
section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                                                      percentage of
                                                                                                               Number of                  shares in
Name of Director                       Capacity/Nature of interest                                           Shares held(1)                 issue(2)


Cantrust (Far East) Limited Trustee of a discretionary trust and interest in                                 49,335,282 (L)                      5.87%
                              controlled corporation(3)

Notes:

(1)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

(2)      Based on a total of 841,057,176 Shares in issue of the Company as at December 31, 2023.

(3)      Based on the information set out in the relevant disclosure made by the relevant substantial shareholder(s), Waterband Limited, which holds
         34,929,065 Shares, is wholly-owned by Woodband Limited which in turn is beneficially owned by Woodband Trust, as established by Dr.
         ZHANG Peng as settlor with Cantrust (Far East) Limited as trustee. NineSuns Holding Limited, which holds 14,406,217 Shares, is wholly-
         owned by Fourxi Limited which is in turn beneficially owned by Fourxi Trust, as established by Mr. LUO Wenfeng as settlor and Cantrust (Far
         East) Limited as trustee.


Save as disclosed above and to the best knowledge of the Directors, as at December 31, 2023, no person (other
than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had registered an interest or a short position in the Shares or
underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section
336 of the SFO.



                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.                55
     Report of Directors




     SHARE SCHEMES ADOPTED BY THE COMPANY
     A.   Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
          The Company adopted the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme on August 29, 2019, the principal terms of which are set out
          in the section headed “D. Share Incentive Schemes — 1. Restricted Share Unit Scheme” in Appendix IV to the
          Prospectus.

          (a) Purpose and Principal Terms
               The purpose of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme is to recognize and motivate the contributions the grantees
               under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme (the “Grantee(s)”), provide incentives for them to remain with our
               Company, and attract suitable personnel for our further development. The principal terms of the Pre-IPO
               RSU Scheme are as follows:

               (i)     Award: An award of RSU under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme (“Award(s)”) gives a Participant a
                       conditional right upon the vesting of the Award to obtain either Shares or an equivalent value in
                       cash with reference to the market value of the Shares on or about the date of vesting, as
                       determined by the ESOP Department in its absolute discretion, less any tax, fees, levies, stamp
                       duty and other applicable charges. An award may include, if so specified by the ESOP
                       administration department (the “ESOP Department”) in its entire discretion, cash and non-cash
                       income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of non-cash and non-scrip distributions
                       in respect of those Shares from the date that the Award is granted to the date that it vests.

               (ii)    Award Price: Each Participant shall pay RMB1.00 as the Award price to accept the Awards
                       granted to such Participant. No other purchase price is payable by the Participant for the Shares
                       awarded under the RSUs.

               (iii)   Scheme Limit: Number of shares that may be delivered under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme are
                       45,270,499 Shares that are held by Aquae Hyperion Limited for the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme.

               (iv)    Participants: Participants of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme (the “Participants”) include the following:

                       (i)     the Employees or officers (including executive, non-executive and independent non-executive
                               directors of the Group);

                       (ii)    any person or entity (including but not limited to consultants engaged by the company
                               services to the Group) that provides research, development, consultancy and other technical
                               or operational or administrative support to the Group; and

                       (iii)   any other persons including former employees who, in the sole opinion of the ESOP
                               Department, have contributed or will contribute to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

                       There is no maximum limit of RSUs which may be granted to the Participants subject to the
                       compliance of the Listing Rules.




56   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                      Report of Directors




    (v)    Term: The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall be valid and effective for the period of ten years
           commencing on August 29, 2019, with a remaining life of approximately 5 years and 5 months,
           after which period no further Awards will be granted. In spite of this, the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme in all
           other respects remain in full force and effect and Awards that are granted during the Term may
           continue to be exercisable in accordance with their terms of issue.

    (vi)   Administration: The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the ESOP
           Department set up and authorized by the Board of the Company. The ESOP Department has the
           right to (i) interpret and construe the provisions of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, (ii) determine the
           persons who will be granted Awards, the terms on which Awards are granted and the time when
           the RSU(s) so awarded may vest, (iii) make such appropriate and equitable adjustments to the
           terms of the Awards granted as it deems necessary, (iv) appoint independent third party
           professionals and contractors to assist in the administration of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, delegate
           such powers and/or functions, and make any other decisions or determination relating to the
           administration of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme as the ESOP Department deems appropriate. All
           decisions made by the ESOP Department is final and binding on all parties.

    (vii) Trustee: the ESOP Department may appoint independent trustee to assist in the administration and
          vesting of the Awards and has appointed Zedra Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, trustee service
          provider and an Independent Third Party, to administer the granting and vesting of the RSU(s).

(b) Restrictions on Grant
    No Grant shall be made to, nor shall any Grant be capable of acceptance by, any Participant at a time
    when the Participant would or might be prohibited from dealing in the Shares by the Listing Rules (where
    applicable) or by any other applicable rules, regulations or law.

    A Grant must not be made after a price sensitive event has occurred or a price sensitive matter has been
    the subject of a decision until such price sensitive information has been announced in accordance with
    the requirements of the Listing Rules. In particular, during the period commencing one month
    immediately preceding the earlier of:

    (i)    the date of the meeting of the Board of the Company (as such date is first notified to the Stock
           Exchange in accordance with the Listing Rules) for the approval of the Company’s results for any
           year, half-year, quarterly or any other interim period (whether or not required under the Listing
           Rules); and

    (ii)   the deadline for the Company to publish an announcement of its results for any year or half-year
           under the Listing Rules, or quarterly or any other interim period (whether or not required under the
           Listing Rules), and ending on the date of the results announcement, no Award may be granted.

    Such period will cover any period of delay in the publication of a results announcement.




                                                                             Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      57
     Report of Directors




               The ESOP Department may not grant any Awards to any Participants in any of the following
               circumstances:

               (i)     the requisite approvals for that Grant from any applicable regulatory authorities have not been
                       obtained;

               (ii)    the securities laws or regulations require that a prospectus or other offering documents be issued
                       in respect of the grant of the Awards or in respect the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, unless the ESOP
                       Department determines otherwise;

               (iii)   the Grant would result in a breach by the Company, the Subsidiaries or any of the directors of any
                       applicable securities laws, rules or regulations; or

               (iv)    where such Grant would result in a breach of the limits of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme.

          (c) Grant to Directors
               Where any Award is proposed to be granted to a director of any members of the Group, it shall not be
               granted on any day on which the financial results of the Company are published and during the period
               of:

               (i)     60 days immediately preceding the publication date of the annual results or, if shorter, the period
                       from the end of the relevant financial year up to the publication date of the results; and

               (ii)    30 days immediately preceding the publication date of the quarterly results (if any) and half-year
                       results or, if shorter, the period from the end of the relevant quarterly or half-year period up to the
                       publication date of the results.

          (d) Grant to Connected Persons
               Any grant to any director, chief executive officer or substantial shareholder of any member of the Group,
               or any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules), shall be subject to the prior
               approval of the independent non-executive directors (excluding the independent non-executive director
               who is the proposed grantee of the Awards in question) and shall otherwise be subject to compliance
               with the requirements of the Listing Rules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any grant of an Award to a
               director pursuant to Rule 14A.73(6) of the Listing Rules will be exempted from reporting, announcement
               and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements if the Award forms part of the relevant director’s
               remuneration under his/her service contract.

          (e) Grant to PRC resident
               If the Grantee is a PRC resident, he or she shall not be entitled to exercise any Award until:

               (i)     to the extent applicable, any restriction or condition imposed by the relevant PRC laws, regulations
                       and notices in relation to the subscription of or dealing in shares of overseas listed companies by
                       PRC residents or any law, regulation or notice with similar effects have been abolished or removed
                       or ceased to be applicable to the Participant or the Participant has obtained approval, exemption
                       or waiver from the relevant PRC regulatory authorities for the subscription of and dealing in the
                       Shares; and

               (ii)    he or she has given a representation to the Company to the effect that he or she has satisfied all
                       the relevant laws, regulations and notices in exercising the Award.




58   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                        Report of Directors




(f)   Rights attached to Awards
      The RSU(s) do not carry any right of a Shareholder unless and until such Shares underlying the Award
      are actually transferred to the Grantee upon the vesting of the RSU(s). Unless otherwise specified by the
      ESOP Department in its entire discretion in the Notice of Grant, Grantees do not have any rights to any
      cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of non-cash and non-scrip
      distributions from any Shares underlying an Award.

(g) Awards to be Personal to the Grantee
      Unless otherwise approved by the Company in writing (to the extent permitted by law), an unvested RSU
      shall be personal to the Grantee and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Grantee provided that
      following the Grantee’s death, unvested RSU(s) may be transferred by will or by the laws of testacy and
      distribution. The terms of the Scheme and the Notice of Grant shall be binding upon the executors,
      administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of the Grantee.

(h) Vesting
      Subject to the terms of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme and the specific terms and conditions applicable to
      each Award, the RSU(s) granted in an Award shall be subject to a vesting period (if any) and/or the
      satisfaction of performance and/or other conditions (if any) to be determined by the ESOP Department in
      its absolute discretion. If such conditions are not satisfied, the vesting date of the RSU(s) shall be
      postponed for one year. If the vesting terms and conditions of the postponed RSU(s) are not satisfied at
      the postponed vesting date, the RSU(s) shall automatically lapse.

      Upon fulfillment or waiver of the vesting period and vesting criteria (if any) applicable to a Grantee, a
      vesting notice shall be sent to the Grantee by the ESOP Department, or by any other means the ESOP
      Department so determines in its sole discretion from time to time, confirming (a) the extent to which the
      vesting period and conditions have been fulfilled or waived, and (b) the number of Shares (and, if
      applicable, the cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of non-
      cash and non-scrip distributions in respect of these Shares) or the amount of cash the Grantee will
      receive.

      The Grantee is required to execute, after receiving the vesting notice, certain documents set out in the
      vesting notice that the ESOP Department considers necessary (which may include, without limitation, a
      certification to the Group that he or she has complied with all the terms and conditions set out in the Pre-
      IPO RSU Scheme and the Notice of Grant).

      For the purposes of vesting of the RSU(s), the ESOP Department may release the RSU(s) to the selected
      Participants by transferring the number of underlying Shares in respect of the RSU(s) to the selected
      Participants in such manner as determined by it from time to time. The ESOP Department shall inform the
      Trustee the number of underlying Shares in respect of the RSU(s) being transferred and released to the
      selected Participant in the manner as determined by the ESOP Department.

      If the vesting conditions are not satisfied and no waiver of such condition is granted, the RSU(s) shall be
      cancelled according to conditions as determined by the ESOP Department in its absolute discretion.




                                                                               Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      59
     Report of Directors




                In the event that the Grantee fails to execute the required documents within three months after receiving
                the Vesting Notice, the vested RSU(s) will lapse.

                Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any relevant parties of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme would or might be
                prohibited from dealing in the Shares by the Listing Rules or by any other applicable laws, regulations or
                rules within the period specified above, the date on which the relevant Shares shall be transferred (as the
                case may be) to the Grantee shall occur as soon as possible after the date when such dealing is
                permitted by the Listing Rules or by any other applicable laws, regulations or rules.

                The ESOP Department shall, in the event of among others a takeover, general offer by way of scheme of
                arrangement, voluntary winding up, determine at its absolute discretion whether such RSU(s) shall vest
                and the period within which such RSU(s) shall vest.

          (i)   Rights on a Takeover
                In the event a general offer by way of voluntary offer, takeover or otherwise (other than by way of scheme
                of arrangement) is made to all the Shareholders (or all such Shareholders other than the offeror and/or
                any person controlled by the offeror and/or any person acting in association or concert with the offeror)
                and such offer becomes or is declared unconditional prior to the vesting date of any RSU(s), the ESOP
                Department shall, prior to the offer becoming or being declared unconditional, determine at its absolute
                discretion whether such RSU shall vest and the period within which such RSU shall vest. If the ESOP
                Department determines that such RSU(s) shall vest, it shall notify the Grantee that the RSU(s) shall vest
                and the period within which such RSU(s) shall vest.

          (j)   Rights on a Scheme of Arrangement
                In the event a general offer for Shares by way of scheme of arrangement is made to all the Shareholders
                and has been approved by the necessary number of shareholders at the requisite meetings prior to the
                vesting of any RSU(s), the ESOP Department shall, prior to such meetings, determine at its absolute
                discretion whether such RSU(s) shall vest and the period within such RSU(s) shall vest. If the ESOP
                Department determines that such RSU(s) shall vest, it shall notify the Grantee that the RSU(s) shall vest
                and the period within which such RSU(s) shall vest.

          (k) Rights on a Voluntary Winding-up
                In the event a notice is given by the Company to its Shareholders to convene a Shareholders’ meeting for
                the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, approving a resolution to voluntarily wind-up the Company
                prior to the vesting date of any RSU(s), the ESOP Department shall determine at its discretion whether
                such RSU(s) shall vest, and the period when such RSU(s) shall vest and in the latter case, the unvested
                RSU(s) must be vested and effected by no later than two Business Days before the day of the proposed
                shareholders’ meeting. If the ESOP Department determines that such RSU(s) shall vest, it shall notify the
                Grantee that the RSU(s) shall vest and the period within which such RSU(s) shall vest.




60   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                         Report of Directors




(l)   Rights on a Compromise or Arrangement
      In the event of a compromise or arrangement, other than a scheme of arrangement contemplated above,
      between the Company and its members and/or creditors being proposed in connection with a scheme
      for the reconstruction or amalgamation of the Company, the ESOP Department shall determine at its
      discretion whether such RSU(s) shall vest, and the period when such RSU(s) shall vest. If the ESOP
      Department determines that such RSU(s) shall vest, it shall notify the Grantee that the RSU(s) shall vest
      and the period within which such RSU(s) shall vest.

(m) Lapse and cancellation of RSU
      An unvested RSU shall be lapsed and cancelled automatically upon the earliest of:

      (i)     the date of the termination of Grantee’s employment or service by the Company or any of its
              Subsidiaries for cause;

      (ii)    the date of the termination of Grantee’s employment or service with the Company or the
              Subsidiaries is terminated for any reason other than for cause (including by reason of resignation,
              retirement, death, disability or non-renewal of the employment or service agreement upon its
              expiration for any reason other than for cause);

      (iii)   the date on which the offer (or, as the case may be, revised offer) made in connection with a
              general or voluntary offer closes;

      (iv)    the record date for determining entitlements under the scheme of arrangement referred above
              closes;

      (v)     the date of the commencement of the winding-up of the Company;

      (vi)    the date on which the Grantee commits a breach of paragraph (g) above; or

      (vii) the date on which it is no longer possible to satisfy any outstanding conditions to vesting.

      Unless the ESOP Department determines otherwise in its absolute discretion, the Grantee or his/her legal
      personal representative is entitled to exercise vested RSU(s) by serving the application for exercising
      unvested RSU(s) within one month following the occurrence of the termination of Grantee’s employment
      or service with the Company or the Subsidiaries which is terminated for any reason other than for cause
      (including by reason of resignation, retirement, death, Disability or non-renewal of the employment or
      service agreement upon its expiration for any reason other than for cause).

      Subject to the applicable laws, the vested RSU(s) prior to being exercised and the underlying shares or
      proceeds obtained by the Grantee from exercising the vested RSU(s) less the exercise price of the
      Grantee’s RSU(s) shall be returned by the Grantee to the Company per the ESOP Department’s request
      following the occurrence of one of more of the following events:

      (i)     the Grantee’s employment is terminated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for Cause;

      (ii)    or the Grantee either: (a) becomes an officer, director, employee, consultant, adviser, partner of or
              stockholder or other proprietor owning more than 5% interest in any Competitor; or (b) knowingly
              performs any act that may confer a competitive benefit or advantage upon any Competitor, at any
              time before or within 12 months after the Grantee’s employment is terminated by the Company or
              any of its Subsidiaries for any reason.



                                                                                Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      61
     Report of Directors




          (n) Further restrictions on RSU
               The Grantee shall not be entitled to sell, transfer or deal with the Shares underlying the RSU(s) granted
               pursuant to the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme upon the occurrence of one or more of the following events:

               (i)    the Grantee’s employment is terminated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for Cause; or

               (ii)   the Grantee either: (a) becomes an officer, director, employee, consultant, adviser, partner of or
                      stockholder or other proprietor owning more than 5% interest in any Competitor; or (b) knowingly
                      performs any act that may confer a competitive benefit or advantage upon any Competitor,

               at any time before or within 12 months after the Grantee’s employment is terminated by the Company or
               any of its Subsidiaries for any reason.

               If the Grantee sells, transfers or deals with the Shares in breach of the above, the Grantee shall pay the
               Company the proceeds or consideration obtained (less the exercise price of the Grantee RSU(s)) as a
               result of such breach upon demand by the Company.

               The ESOP Department may at any time cancel any unvested RSU granted to a Grantee subject to
               consent by the Grantee. Where the Company cancels unvested RSU(s) and makes a grant of new
               RSU(s) to the same Grantee, such Grant may only be made with available RSU(s) to the extent not yet
               granted (excluding the cancelled RSU(s)).

               Notwithstanding the aforesaid in this paragraph, in each case, the ESOP Department may in its absolute
               discretion decide that any RSU(s) shall not be cancelled or determine subject to such conditions or
               limitations as the ESOP Department may decide.

          (o) Reorganization of Capital Structure
               In the event of an alteration in the capital structure of the Company, by way of capitalization of profits or
               reserves, bonus issue, rights issue, open offer, subdivision or consolidation of shares, reduction of the
               share capital, amongst others, of the Company, whilst any RSU(s) has not vested, such corresponding
               alterations (if any) shall be made to the number or nominal amount of Shares subject to the RSU(s) so far
               as unvested as the Auditors or an approved independent financial adviser shall certify in writing, either
               generally or as regard any particular Grantee, to have in their opinion, fairly and reasonably satisfied the
               requirement that such adjustments give a Participant the same proportion (or rights in respect of the
               same proportion) of the share capital of the Company as that to which that Grantee was previously
               entitled, but that no such adjustments be made to the extent that a Share would be issued at less than its
               nominal value.

               However, in the case of any capitalization issue or share sub-division to be implemented by the Company
               as required for the purpose of the Global Offering, no such certification by the Auditors or a financial
               advisor shall be required.




62   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                           Report of Directors




          (p) Amendment of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
                    Save for any material amendments to the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, the Scheme may be altered in any
                    respect by a resolution of the ESOP Department. The ESOP Department’s determination as to whether
                    any proposed alteration to the terms and conditions of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme is material shall be
                    conclusive, provided in each case that such decision is made in accordance with the Articles of the
                    Company and any applicable laws.

          (q) Termination of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme
                    The Board of the Company or the ESOP Department may at any time terminate the operation of the Pre-
                    IPO RSU Scheme and in such event no further RSU(s) will be offered but in all other respects the
                    provisions of this Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in respect of RSU(s) which are granted
                    during the life of this Scheme and which remain unvested immediately prior to the termination of the
                    operation of the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme.

          (r)       Grant of RSUs during the Reporting Period
                    As of January 1, 2023 (i.e. the beginning of the Reporting Period), the outstanding RSU under the Pre-
                    IPO RSU Scheme is 2,650,188 RSUs. No grant was made under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme during the
                    Reporting Period. As of December 31, 2023, no outstanding RSU was granted to (i) the Directors, chief
                    executive or substantial Shareholders of the Company, or their respective associates, or the five highest
                    paid individuals during the year ended December 31, 2023; (ii) participant with options and awards
                    granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit; or (iii) related entity participant or service
                    provider with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of
                    the issued Shares. The details of the RSUs granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme as of December 31,
                    2023 are set out below:



                                                                                    Number of shares underlying RSUs
                                                                                           Vested
                                                  Outstanding          Granted             during            Lapsed    Cancelled    Outstanding
                                                         as of       during the                 the      during the    during the          as of                  Purchase price
Name of Participant                                January 1,        Reporting          Reporting         Reporting    Reporting     December      Vesting        of per RSU
or Category of Participant    Date of grant         2023 (Note 1)   Period (Note 2)    Period (Note 3)        Period       Period      31, 2023    Period         granted

Other employee participants
                              During 2020            2,045,488               –           239,950             8,000             –      1,797,538    1 to 4 years   HK$0.001 or
                                                                                                                                                                   HK$1
                              During 2021              490,700               –            41,100           184,000             –        265,600    1 to 5 years   HK$1
                              During 2022               90,000               –             9,000            20,000             –         61,000    1 to 4 years   HK$1

Other service providers
                              December 18, 2020         14,000               –             6,000                 –             –          8,000    2 to 4 years   HK$1
                              July 1, 2022              10,000               –                 –                 –             –         10,000    1 to 3 years   HK$1
Total                                                2,650,188               –           296,050           212,000             –      2,142,138

                    Notes:

                    1.        Include RSUs which are outstanding as of January 1, 2023 based on the date of the relevant RSU vesting documents.

                    2.        As no RSU was granted during the Reporting Period, the disclosure requirements under Rule 17.07(1)(c) of the Listing Rules
                              are not applicable.

                    3.        The vesting of the RSUs granted are not subject to any performance targets. Among the RSUs vested during the Reporting
                              Period, the purchase price of 150,000 RSUs vested is HK$0.001 per Share and the purchase price of 146,050 RSUs vested is
                              HK$1 per Share. The weighted average closing price of the Shares underlying the RSUs immediately before the date on which
                              the RSUs were vested is HK$43.90 per Share.

                    4.        The outstanding RSUs granted had no exercise period.


                    No grant was made under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme which requires review by the Remuneration
                    Committee for the year ended December 31, 2023.

                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.                    63
     Report of Directors




               The number of RSUs available for grant under the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme as of January 1, 2023 and
               December 31, 2023 was 22,224,691 and 22,436,691, representing approximately 2.64% and 2.67% of
               the total number of Shares in issue as of January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As at the
               date of this report, nil Shares underlying the RSUs granted are available for issue under the Pre-IPO RSU
               Scheme.

               The Pre-IPO RSU Scheme has no service provider sublimit under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

     B.   2021 RSU Scheme
          The Company adopted the 2021 RSU Scheme on December 6, 2021, the principal terms of which are
          disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated December 7, 2021.

          (a) Purpose and Terms
               The purpose of the 2021 RSU Scheme is to recognize the contributions by certain employee director or
               officer, or any advisor or consultant of any member of the Group (“Eligible Participant(s)”) and to
               provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the
               Group, and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. The principal terms of the
               2021 RSU Scheme are as follows:

               (i)     Term: The 2021 RSU Scheme shall be valid and effective for the period of ten years commencing
                       on December 6, 2021 (subject to any early determination as determined by the Board) (the “Trust
                       Period”) with a remaining life of approximately 7 years and 9 months, after which period no further
                       awards will be granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme.

               (ii)    Award: An award of RSU under the 2021 RSU Scheme gives an Eligible Participant a conditional
                       right upon the vesting of the Award under the 2021 RSU Scheme to obtain either Shares or an
                       equivalent value in cash with reference to the market value of the awarded Shares on or about the
                       date of vesting, as determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, less any tax, fees, levies,
                       stamp duty and other applicable charges.

               (iii)   Award Price: The Board may decide the grant of number of RSUs to any Eligible Participants
                       selected by the Board for participation in the 2021 RSU Scheme (the “Selected Participant(s)”) at
                       such consideration and in such number and on and subject to such terms and conditions as it may
                       in its absolute discretion. No other purchase price is payable by the Participant for the Shares
                       awarded under the RSUs.

               (iv)    Scheme Limit: The maximum number of Shares underlying the RSUs awarded by the Board under
                       the 2021 RSU Scheme (i) shall not exceed 10% of the total issued share capital of the Company
                       from time to time throughout the Trust Period and (ii) shall be subject to an annual limit of 3% of the
                       total issued share capital of the Company at the relevant time. The maximum number of awarded
                       Shares underlying the RSUs which may be awarded to a Selected Participant under the 2021 RSU
                       Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company in any 12-month period.
                       Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the scheme shall not be counted for the purpose of
                       calculating the limit.

               (v)     Participants: The Eligible Participants of the 2021 RSU Scheme include any employee director or
                       officer, or any advisor or consultant of any member of the Group at any time during the Trust Period
                       selected by the Board.




64   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                       Report of Directors




    (vi)    Trustee: Futu Trustee Limited has been appointed as the initial trustee on December 6, 2021 under
            the 2021 RSU Scheme (the “Trustee”).

    (vii) Administration: The 2021 RSU Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board and the
          Trustee in accordance with the rules of the 2021 RSU Scheme (the “2021 RSU Scheme Rules”)
          and the relevant trust deed. The Board may by resolution delegate any or all of its powers in the
          administration of the 2021 RSU Scheme to the administration committee or any other committee or
          sub-committee or any person(s) as from time to time authorized by the Board for such purpose. On
          December 6, 2021, the Board has resolved to establish and delegate to an administration
          committee the power and authority to administer the 2021 RSU Scheme and deal with the trust and
          the Trustee of the 2021 RSU Scheme in all respects in accordance with the 2021 RSU Scheme
          Rules and the relevant trust deed. The decision of the Board with respect to any matter arising
          under the 2021 RSU Scheme (including the interpretation of any provision) shall be final and
          binding.

(b) Restrictions on Grant and Individual Grant Limit
    No award shall be made by the Board and no instructions to acquire any Shares shall be given to the
    Trustee under the 2021 RSU Scheme:

    (i)     after an event involving inside information in relation to affairs or securities of the Company has
            occurred or a matter involving inside information in relation to the securities of the Company has
            been the subject of a decision, until such inside information has been publicly announced in
            accordance with the applicable laws and the Listing Rules;

    (ii)    during the period of 60 days immediately preceding the publication date of the annual results for
            any financial period of the Company or, if shorter, the period from the end of the relevant financial
            period up to the publication date of the results;

    (iii)   during the period of 30 days immediately preceding the publication date of the interim results for
            any financial period of the Company or, if shorter, the period from the end of the relevant half-year
            period of the financial period up to the publication date of the results; or

    (iv)    in any circumstance which is prohibited under the Listing Rules, the SFO or any other law or
            regulation or where any requisite approval from any governmental or regulatory authority has not
            been granted.

    The maximum number of awarded Shares underlying the RSUs which may be awarded to a Selected
    Participant under the 2021 RSU Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company
    in any 12-month period.




                                                                              Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      65
     Report of Directors




          (c) Grant to Directors
                Where any grant of award under the 2021 RSU Scheme is proposed to be made to any Selected
                Participant who is a Director (including an independent non-executive Director) or senior management of
                the Group, such grant must first be approved by all the members of the Remuneration Committee, or in
                the case where the grant is proposed to be made to any member of the Remuneration Committee, by all
                of the other members of the Remuneration Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any grant of an
                award to a Director which is satisfied by on-market purchase of existing issued Shares will be exempted
                from reporting, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rules
                14A.73(6) and 14A.95 of the Listing Rules if the award forms part of the relevant Director’s remuneration
                under his/her service contract with the Company.

          (d) Grant to Connected Persons
                Where any grant of Award is proposed to be made to any person who is a connected person of the
                Company within the meaning of the Listing Rules, the Company shall comply with such provisions of the
                Listing Rules as may be applicable, including any reporting, announcement and/or shareholders’
                approval requirements, unless otherwise exempted under the Listing Rules. The allotment and issue of
                new Shares in satisfaction of awards granted to connected persons of the Company, which constitutes a
                connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, will be subject to
                independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

          (e) Rights attached to Awards
                The RSUs, whether vested or not, do not carry any right to vote at general meetings of the Company.
                Notwithstanding that the Trustee is the legal registered holder of the Shares held upon trust pursuant to
                the relevant trust deed, the Trustee shall not exercise the voting rights attached to such Shares. Unless
                otherwise specified by the Board in its entire discretion, the Selected Participants do not have any rights
                to any cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of non-cash and
                non-scrip distributions from any awarded Shares before such Shares are transferred to such Selected
                Participants.

          (f)   Awards to be Personal to the Grantee
                Prior to the Vesting Date, any Award made under the Scheme Rules shall be personal to the Selected
                Participant to whom it is made and shall not be assignable and no Selected Participant shall in any way
                sell, transfer, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any interest in favour of any other person over or in
                relation to the RSUs referable to him pursuant to such Award, unless the Award or any interest thereof is
                transferred as a result of the Selected Participant’s death in accordance with the terms of the Scheme.

          (g) Vesting and Lapse
                The Board is entitled to impose any conditions (including a period of continued service within the Group
                after the award), as it deems appropriate in its absolute discretion with respect to the vesting of the RSUs
                on the Selected Participant. Subject to applicable laws and regulations, the Board shall be at liberty to
                waive any vesting conditions. Shares underlying any RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme that
                lapse for any reason without having been exercised and Shares underlying the unexercised portion of
                any RSUs in case of partial exercise will, to the extent not prohibited by applicable laws and regulations,
                be available for subsequent award grants under the 2021 RSU Scheme.




66   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                      Report of Directors




      Subject to the terms and condition of the 2021 RSU Scheme and the fulfillment of all vesting conditions to
      the vesting of the RSUs on such Selected Participant and all requirements applicable to such Selected
      Participant as specified in the Scheme and the relevant grant notice (unless waived by the Board), the
      respective RSUs granted to the Selected Participant pursuant to the provision of the 2021 RSU Scheme
      Rules shall vest in such Selected Participant in accordance with the vesting schedule as set out in the
      grant notice, and the Trustee shall cause the relevant awarded Shares to be transferred to such Selected
      Participant, or to be sold as soon as practicable from the date of vesting and the payment of the actual
      selling price in cash to the Selected Participant within a reasonable time period in satisfaction of the
      award.

      The Board may at its discretion, with or without further conditions, grant additional Shares or cash award
      out representing all or part of the income or distributions (including but not limited to cash income or
      dividends, cash income or net proceeds of sale of non-cash and non-scrip distribution, bonus Shares
      and scrip dividends) declared by the Company or derived from such awarded Shares during the period
      from the date of award to the date of vesting to a Selected Participant upon the vesting of any RSUs. In
      the event that an award of RSUs becomes lapsed, the awarded Shares underlying the RSUs and/or the
      relevant income or distributions shall remain as part of the relevant trust fund.

      The number of RSUs available for grant under the 2021 RSU Scheme as of January 1, 2023 and
      December 31, 2023 was 81,705,717 and 80,490,717, representing approximately 9.71% and
      approximately 9.57% of the total number of Shares in issue as of January 1, 2023 and December 31,
      2023, respectively. As at the date of this report, 80,490,717 Shares underlying the RSUs are available for
      issue under the 2021 RSU Scheme, representing approximately 9.57% of the total number of Shares in
      issue as at the date of this report.

      The 2021 RSU Scheme has no service provider sublimit under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

(h) Amendment of the 2021 RSU Scheme
      The Scheme may be amended in any respect by a resolution of the Board.

(i)   Termination of the 2021 RSU Scheme
      The 2021 RSU Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the tenth anniversary date from December 6,
      2021; and (ii) such date of early termination as determined by the Board by a resolution of the Board,
      provided that such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of any Selected Participant.




                                                                             Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      67
     Report of Directors




               (j)         General
                           During the Reporting Period and as of December 31, 2023, 1,215,000 RSUs have been granted to three
                           Selected Participants (of which one is our Director and two grantees were non-connected other employee
                           participant) pursuant to the 2021 RSU Scheme. Such grant were/will be satisfied with existing Shares and
                           no new Shares will be issued. No grant was made under the 2021 RSU Scheme which requires review by
                           the Remuneration Committee for the year ended December 31, 2023. During the Reporting Period, the
                           movements in the RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme were as follows:

                                                                                          Number of shares underlying RSUs
                                                  Closing price
                                                  of Shares
                                                  immediately                                                   Lapsed/
                                                  before the      Outstanding      Granted          Vested      forfeited   Cancelled   Outstanding                                   Fair value of
     Name of Participant                          date on which         as of during the during the during the during the                     as of                                    RSUs at the
     or Category of                               the RSUs         January 1,    Reporting      Reporting      Reporting    Reporting December 31, Purchase    Vesting Performance          date of
     Participant                    Date of grant were granted          2023 Period (Note 2) Period (Note 3)      Period       Period         2023     price   Period     targets       grant (Note 4)


     Directors or chief executive and their associates
     Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.)             September 6, HK$34.65                   –     1,105,000        605,000             –            –       500,000 HK$0.001    Within     Note 1    HK$38,950,000
                                    2023          per Share                                                                                                     1 year


     Other employee participants
                                    September 6, HK$34.65                   –       110,000               –            –            –       110,000    HK$1      1 to 4    Note 1    HK$5,040,000
                                    2023          per Share                                                                                                      years
     Total:                                                                      1,215,000         605,000             –            –       610,000

                           Notes:

                           1.       The vesting of the RSUs granted are not subject to any performance targets.

                           2.       The RSUs granted during the Reporting Period had no exercise period or purchase price.

                           3.       The purchase price of the RSUs vested is HK$0.001 and the weighted average closing price of the Shares underlying the RSUs
                                    immediately before the date on which the RSUs were vested is HK$36.00 per Share.

                           4.       The fair value of RSUs at the date of grant was calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted
                                    for preparing its financial statements based on the closing price of grant day.




68   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            Report of Directors




C.   Share Option Scheme
     The Company adopted the Share Option Scheme on June 28, 2022, the principal terms of which are disclosed
     in the circular of the Company dated June 2, 2022.

     (a) Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
          The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to reward certain eligible participants (including any
          employee, director or officer of the Company or any subsidiary, any advisor, consultant or any service
          provider provides research, development or other technical support, or any business or joint venture
          partner to any area of business or business development of the Company or any subsidiary on a
          continuing or recurring basis in the ordinary and usual course of business which is material to the long
          term growth of the Group as determined by the Board) for their contribution to the success of the
          Company, and to provide incentives to them to further contribute to the Company.

     (b) Duration and administration
          The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on the
          Adoption Date with a remaining life of approximately 8 years and 3 months, after which period no further
          Share Options may be granted by the provisions of the Share Option Scheme, but the provisions of the
          Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to the
          exercise of any Share Options granted prior thereto or otherwise as may be required in accordance with
          the provisions of the Share Option Scheme.

          The Share Option Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board who may delegate all or
          part of such administration to a committee or any other authorised agent(s) as deemed appropriate at
          the sole discretion of the Board. Save as otherwise provided in the Share Option Scheme, for any matters
          concerning the interpretation or application of the Share Option Scheme, the decision of the Board or
          persons to whom the Board has delegated relevant powers shall be final and binding on all parties.

     (c) Eligibility of participants and grant of share options
          On and subject to the terms of the Share Option Scheme, the Board has the power but not the obligation
          to offer to grant to any eligible participant as the Board may in its absolute discretion select a share
          option to subscribe for such number of Shares as the Board may determine at the exercise price. Subject
          to the provisions of the Listing Rules, the Board may in its absolute discretion specify such event, time
          limit or conditions (if any) as it thinks fit when making such offer to the eligible participant, including,
          without limitation, conditions as to performance criteria to be satisfied by the eligible participant and/or
          the Company and/or the Group which must be satisfied before a share option can be exercised,
          provided that such terms and conditions shall not be inconsistent with any other terms and conditions of
          the Share Option Scheme.

          The basis of eligibility of any eligible participant shall be determined by the Board from time to time on
          the basis of the eligible participants’ contribution to the development and growth of the Group. In order
          for a person to satisfy the Board that he/she is qualified to be (or where applicable, continues to be
          qualified to be) an eligible participant, such person shall provide all such information as the Board may
          request for the purpose of assessing his/her eligibility (or continuing eligibility).




                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      69
     Report of Directors




               An offer of the grant of a share option shall be made to any grantee by letter in such form as the Board
               may from time to time determine specifying the number of Shares, the exercise price, the option period,
               the date by which the grant must be accepted being a date not more than 10 days after the offer date
               (provided such offer shall be open for acceptance after the effective period of the Share Option Scheme)
               and further requiring the eligible participant to hold the share option on the terms on which it is to be
               granted and to be bound by the provisions of the Share Option Scheme. To the extent that the offer of
               the grant of a share option is not accepted within 10 days after the offer date, it will be deemed to have
               been irrevocably declined and will lapse, unless the Board in its absolute discretion determines
               otherwise.

               A Share Option shall be deemed to have been granted and accepted and to have taken effect when the
               duplicate letter comprising acceptance of the offer of the grant of the share option duly signed by the
               grantee together with a payment to the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries of HK$1 (or the equivalent
               of HK$1 in the local currency of any jurisdiction where the Company and/or its subsidiaries operate, as
               the Board may in its absolute discretion determine) by way of consideration for the grant thereof is
               received by the Company and/or any of its(d subsidiaries within the time period specified in the offer of
               the grant of the share option.

          (d) Maximum number of shares available for exercise
               The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options that may be granted
               under the Share Option Scheme and any other option scheme involving the issue or grant of options over
               Shares or other securities by the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall not in aggregate exceed 10%
               of the issued share capital of the Company as of the date of general meeting of the Company approving
               the adoption of the Share Option Scheme (i.e. 81,705,717 Shares). The Company may seek the approval
               of its Shareholders in general meeting to refresh the 10% limit under the Share Option Scheme and any
               other option scheme of the Company, provided that the total number of Shares which may be issued
               pursuant to the refreshed limit upon exercise of all share options to be granted under the Share Option
               Scheme and any other option schemes must not exceed 10% of the issued ordinary share capital of the
               Company as at the date of approval of the refreshed limit. The maximum number of Shares which may
               be allotted and issued upon exercise of all outstanding share options granted and yet to be exercised
               under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes adopted by the Group shall not
               exceed 30% of the share capital of the Company in issue from time to time. No Share Option may be
               granted under the Share Option Scheme or any other share option schemes adopted by the Group if the
               grant of such share option will result in the limit being exceeded.

               The number of share options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme as of January 1, 2023
               and December 31, 2023 was 81,705,717 and 81,255,717 respectively, representing 9.71% and 9.66% of
               the total number of Shares in issue as of January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As at the
               date of this report, 81,705,717 Shares are available for issue under the Share Option Scheme,
               representing approximately 9.71% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the date of this report.

               The Share Option Scheme has no service provider sublimit under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.




70   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                      Report of Directors




(e) Maximum entitlement of each eligible participant
      Except with the approval of Shareholders in a general meeting with the prospective grantee and his
      associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) abstaining from voting, no share option may be granted
      to each participant such that the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of share
      options and any other option over the Shares (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options)
      granted and to be granted to such person in any 12-month period up to the date of the latest grant
      exceeds 1% of the Shares in issue from time to time.

(f)   Exercise price
      The exercise price in respect of any share option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be a
      price determined by the Board at its absolute discretion and notified to any the grantee (subject to any
      adjustments made pursuant to Share Option Scheme) which shall be not less than the highest of:

      (i)     the nominal value of a Share on the date of the letter by which a share option is offered to an
              eligible participant (the “Offer Date”);

      (ii)    the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the
              Offer Date, which must be a business day; and

      (iii)   the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets
              for the five business days immediately preceding the Offer Date.

(g) Vesting and exercise period
      Subject to the Share Option Scheme, the Listing Rules and any applicable law and regulations, any
      share options shall become vested and exercisable according to the terms hereof at such times and
      under such conditions as determined by the Board and set forth in the letter containing the offer or grant
      of the relevant share options. For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum vesting period must be 12 months
      commencing from the date upon which the relevant share options are accepted or deemed to be
      accepted in accordance with the Share Option Scheme, unless a shorter vesting period is approved by
      the remuneration committee of the Company.

      A grantee may exercise the share options granted in whole or in part in the manner as determined by the
      Board by giving notice in writing to the Company stating that the Share Option is thereby exercised and
      specifying the number of Shares to be subscribed. Option holders may exercise the options in
      accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme during such option period (being not more than
      10 years from the Offer Date), subject to the provisions for early termination contained in the Share
      Option Scheme or the relevant document of grant or other notification issued by the Board.




                                                                             Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      71
     Report of Directors




          (h) Grant of share options to connected person
                The approval of independent non-executive Directors or the remuneration committee of the Company
                (excluding any independent non-executive Director who is intended to be a grantee of the share option)
                as required under the Listing Rules as amended and supplemented from time to time will be required for
                each grant of share options to a director, chief executive, or substantial shareholder of the Company or
                any of their respective associates. If a grant of share option(s) to a substantial shareholder or an
                independent non-executive Director or their respective associates will result in the total number of Shares
                issued and to be issued upon exercise of all the share options granted and to be granted (including
                share options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to such person under the Share Option Scheme
                and any other scheme in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant: (a)
                representing in aggregate over 0.1 percent of the Shares in issue from time to time; and (b) having an
                aggregate value, based on the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily
                quotations sheet at the date of each grant, in excess of HK$5 million, such further grant of share option(s)
                must be approved by the Shareholders, voting by way of poll.

          (i)   Alteration and termination
                The Share Option Scheme may be altered in any respect by an ordinary resolution of the Board except
                that the provisions of the Share Option Scheme as to: (a) the preamble; (b) the definitions of eligible
                participant, grantee and option period; and (c) the specific provisions of the Share Option Scheme which
                relate to the matters set out in Rule 17.03 of the Listing Rules shall not be altered to the advantage of
                grantees or prospective grantees except with the prior sanction of a resolution of the Company in general
                meeting. However, no such alternation shall operate to affect adversely the terms of issue of any share
                option granted or agreed to be granted prior to such alteration except with the consent or sanction of
                grantees holding share options in respect of not less than 75% in nominal value of all Shares to be issued
                upon the exercise of all outstanding and unexercised entitlements granted under the Share Option
                Scheme. Any alterations to the terms and conditions of the Share Option Scheme which are of a material
                nature, and any change to the terms of any share options granted (including those granted to a
                substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive Director, or any of their respective associates),
                shall be subject to the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting, except where the alterations take
                effect automatically under the existing terms of the Share Option Scheme.

                The Company by an ordinary resolution in general meeting or the Board may at any time terminate the
                operation of the Share Option Scheme and in such event no further share options will be offered but the
                provisions of the Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force in all other respects. All share options
                granted but unexercised prior to such termination shall continue to be valid and exercisable in
                accordance with their terms of issue after the termination of the Share Option Scheme.




72   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                  Report of Directors




             (j)         General
                         During the Reporting Period and as of December 31, 2023, 450,000 options have been granted to six
                         eligible participants pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. During the Reporting Period, the movements
                         in the options granted under the Share Option Scheme were as follows:

                                                      Number of share options
                                                                                              Lapsed/
                                                                                             Forfeited
                                                                                            during the      Expired                                                               Closing
                                                                                           year and the   during the                                                              price of the
                       Outstanding                                                            exercise year and the Outstanding                                                   Company’s
                            share                                                                price     exercise       share                                                   shares                         Fair value
                          options                  Vested                                      of such         price     options Date of       Exercise      Exercise             immediately                          of the
                             as at   Granted       during Exercised Cancelled                  lapsed/      of such        as at grant         period of     price of             before the                     options at
Name of                 January 1, during the           the during the during the             forfeited     expired    December of share       share         share       Vesting grant date of Performance       the date of
category of grantee          2023       year     year (Note 3) year (Note 3)    year           options      options     31, 2023 options       options       options     period   options           target       grant (Note 5)


Six employees of                –      450,000       17,000                –           –             –            –     450,000   September 6, 10 years from HK$35.08    Note 1   HK$34.65         Note 4    HK$ 10,477,000
  the Group in                                                                                                                    2023         the date of   per Share            per Share
  aggregate (Note 2)                                                                                                                           grant


Total                           –      450,000       17,000                –           –             –            –     450,000                                                                              HK$ 10,477,000


             Note:

             1.          The Share Options granted to the grantees have a mixed vesting schedule with a total vesting period (i.e. the period between the Grant
                         Date and the last vesting date) ranges from approximately 24 months to 48 months, with certain Share Options to be vested within 12
                         months starting from September 2023.

             2.          To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of the Grantees is (i) a connected person of the Company (as defined in the Listing
                         Rules), or a Director, senior management, a chief executive, a substantial shareholder of the Company, or an associate (as defined in
                         the Listing Rules) of any of them; (ii) a participant with options and awards granted and to be granted exceeding the 1% individual limit
                         under Rule 17.03D of the Listing Rules; or (iii) a related entity participant or service provider (as defined in the Listing Rules) with
                         options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the total issued Shares.

             3.          The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the Share Options were vested is HK$37.75
                         per Share; and the weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the Share Options were
                         exercised is not applicable as no Share Options have been exercised during the Reporting Period.


             4.          The vesting of the Share Options granted to the grantees will be subject to the individual annual performance targets as stipulated in
                         the respective grant letters entered into by the Company and each of the grantees. These performance targets are set against certain
                         benchmark of the functions in which the individual grantee serves, these functions include, among others, research and development,
                         CMC, sales and marketing, business development and general and administration, etc

             5.          The fair value of Shares Options at the date of grant was calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted
                         for preparing its financial statements based on the binomial model as at the date of grant, taking into account the terms and conditions
                         upon which the options were granted.


             No grant was made under the Share Option Scheme which requires review by the Remuneration Committee
             for the year ended December 31, 2023.

D.           Disclosure under Rule 17.07(3) of the Listing Rules
             The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards granted under all schemes of the
             Company (i.e., the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, 2021 RSU Scheme and Share Option Scheme) during the year
             ended December 31, 2023 divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue during the year ended
             December 31, 2023 is 0.00002.


                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.                             73
     Report of Directors




     COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST
     PAID
     Details of the Directors’ emoluments and emoluments of the five highest paid individual in the Group are set out in
     Note 8 and Note 9 to the financial statements.

     For the year ended December 31, 2023, no emoluments were paid by the Group to or receivable by any Director or
     any of the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
     loss of office and no consideration was paid by the Group to any third parties for making available Directors’
     services. None of the Directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments for the year ended December 31,
     2023.

     Except as disclosed above, no other payments have been made or are payable, for the year ended December 31,
     2023, by the Group to or on behalf of any of the Directors.

     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND PLEDGING OF
     SHARES BY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     As at December 31, 2023, the Company had no controlling shareholder and therefore (i) there was no pledge of
     Shares to secure the Company’s debts or to secure guarantees or other support of their obligations, (ii) there was no
     loan agreement with covenants relating to specific performance of controlling shareholder, and (iii) no contract of
     significance has been entered into among the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling Shareholders
     during the year ended December 31, 2023 or subsisted at the end of the Reporting Period.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company was entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2023.

     MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
     The Group was not involved in any material legal proceeding during the year ended December 31, 2023.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
     SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
     securities during the Reporting Period.

     AUDITOR
     The auditor of the Company has not changed in the last three years. The consolidated financial statements for the
     year ended December 31, 2023 have been audited by Ernst & Young, who will be proposed for reappointment at
     the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING
     RULES
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules
     13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




74   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                      Report of Directors




IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On January 5, 2024, 開坦尼® in combination with chemotherapy as first-line treatment for gastric cancer had
obtained the acceptance of the supplemental new drug application from NMPA. For details, please refer to the
Company’s announcement dated January 5, 2024.

On February 8, 2024, the Company, Akeso Biopharma Co., Ltd.* (中山康方生物醫藥有限公司) (the “Purchaser”) (an
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), Dawnrays Biotechnology Capital (Asia) Limited ( 東瑞生物投資發
展 ( 亞 洲 ) 有 限 公 司 ) (the“Vendor”), Dawnrays Pharmaceutical (Holdings) Limited and AD Pharmaceuticals Co.,
Ltd.* ( 康融東方 ( 廣東 ) 醫藥有限公司 ) (“AD Pharmaceuticals”) entered into an equity transfer agreement, pursuant
to which the Vendor agreed to sell, and the Purchaser agreed to purchase, 35% of the equity interest in AD
Pharmaceuticals at the consideration of RMB267,387,280.82 (the “Acquisition”). Upon completion of the
Acquisition, AD Pharmaceuticals will be an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For details, please
refer to the Company’s announcement dated February 9, 2024 and March 4, 2024.

Save as disclosed above, as of the date of this report, the Group had no significant events after the Reporting
Period.

On behalf of the Board
Akeso, Inc.



Dr. XIA Yu
Chairwoman and executive director

Hong Kong, March 18, 2024




                                                                              Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.    75
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Board of Directors is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended
     December 31, 2023.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Directors recognise the importance of good corporate governance in management and internal procedures so
     as to achieve effective accountability. The Company has adopted the code provisions as set out in the CG Code as
     its own code to govern its corporate governance practices.

     The Company has adopted and complied with all applicable code provisions contained in Part 2 of the CG Code
     throughout the Reporting Period with the exception of code provision C.2.1.

     Under the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and
     should not be performed by the same individual. Under the current organisation structure of the Company, Dr. XIA
     Yu is the chairwoman and chief executive officer of the Company. With her extensive experience in the industry, the
     Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairwoman and chief executive officer in the same person provides
     the Company with strong and consistent leadership, allows for effective and efficient planning and implementation
     of business decisions and strategies, and is beneficial to the business prospects and management of the Group.
     Although Dr. XIA Yu performs both the roles of chairwoman and chief executive officer, the division of responsibilities
     between the chairwoman and chief executive officer is clearly established. In general, the chairwoman is responsible
     for supervising the functions and performance of the Board, while the chief executive officer is responsible for the
     management of the business of the Group. The two roles are performed by Dr. XIA Yu distinctly. We also consider
     that the current structure does not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the
     management of the Company given the appropriate delegation of the power of the Board and the effective functions
     of the independent non-executive Directors. However, it is the long-term objective of the Company to have these two
     roles performed by separate individuals when suitable candidates are identified.

     The Board will continue to review and monitor the practices of the Company with an aim of maintaining a high
     standard of corporate governance.

     CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
     Under the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and
     should not be performed by the same individual. Under the current organisation structure of the Company, Dr. XIA
     Yu is the chairwoman and chief executive officer of the Company. With her extensive experience in the industry, the
     Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairwoman and chief executive officer in the same person provides
     the Company with strong and consistent leadership, allows for effective and efficient planning and implementation
     of business decisions and strategies, and is beneficial to the business prospects and management of the Group.
     Although Dr. XIA Yu performs both the roles of chairwoman and chief executive officer, the division of responsibilities
     between the chairwoman and chief executive officer is clearly established. In general, the chairwoman is responsible
     for supervising the functions and performance of the Board, while the chief executive officer is responsible for the
     management of the business of the Group. The two roles are performed by Dr. XIA Yu distinctly. We also consider
     that the current structure does not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the
     management of the Company given the appropriate delegation of the power of the Board and the effective functions
     of the independent non-executive Directors. However, it is the long-term objective of the Company to have these two
     roles performed by separate individuals when suitable candidates are identified.

     The Board will continue to review and monitor the practices of the Company with an aim of maintaining a high
     standard of corporate governance.




76   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding dealings in the securities of the
Company by the Directors and the Group’s senior management who, because of his/her office or employment, is
likely to possess inside information in relation to the Company or its securities.

Upon specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code throughout the
Reporting Period. In addition, the Company is not aware of any non-compliance of the Model Code by the senior
management of the Group throughout the Reporting Period.

COMPANY’S CULTURE
The Board believes that corporate culture underpins the long-term business, economic success and sustainable
growth of the Group. A strong culture enables the Company to deliver long-term sustainable performance and fulfil
its role as a responsible corporate citizen. The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in
accordance with high ethical standards. This reflects its belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it
is imperative to act with probity, transparency and accountability. By so acting, the Company believes that
Shareholder wealth will be maximized in the long term and that its employees, those with whom it does business and
the communities in which it operates will all benefit.

Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its affairs
with a view to ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust
corporate governance practices that are intended to ensure:

—    satisfactory and sustainable returns to Shareholders;

—    that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;

—    that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;

—    the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and

—    that high standards of ethics are maintained.

The Board sets and promotes corporate culture and expects and requires all employees to reinforce. All of our new
employees are required to attend orientation and training programs so that they may better understand our
corporate culture, structure and policies, learn relevant laws and regulations, and raise their quality awareness. In
addition, from time to time, the Company will invite external experts to provide training to our management personnel
to improve their relevant knowledge and management skills.

The Board considers that the corporate culture and the purpose, values and strategy of the Group are aligned.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       77
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     The Company is headed by an effective Board which oversees the Group’s businesses, strategic decisions and
     performance and makes decisions objectively in the Company’s best interests. The Board should regularly review
     the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company, and whether the Director
     is spending sufficient time performing such responsibilities. To better manage the Group’s corporate governance
     performance and identify potential risks, the Board conduct annual review ensuring the effectiveness of Board
     independence.

     The Board currently comprises four executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-
     executive Directors.

     As at the date of this annual report, the composition of the Board is as followings:

     Executive Directors
     Dr. XIA Yu ( 夏瑜 ) (Chairwoman, president, and chief executive officer)
     Dr. LI Baiyong ( 李百勇 )
     Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell ( 王忠民 )
     Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.) ( 夏羽 )

     Non-executive Directors
     Dr. ZHOU Yi ( 周伊 )
     Mr. XIE Ronggang ( 謝榕剛 )

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. ZENG Junwen ( 曾駿文 )
     Dr. XU Yan ( 徐岩 )
     Mr. TAN Bo

     The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on
     pages 35 to 40 of this annual report.

     Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.) is the brother of Dr. XIA Yu.

     Dr. XIA Yu is the sister of Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.).

     Except as disclosed above, there is no other relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/
     relevant relationship(s)) between the Board members.




78   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




BOARD MEETINGS
Code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code stipulates that board meetings should be held at least four times a year at
approximately quarterly intervals with active participation of the majority of the Directors, either in person or through
electronic means of communications. Code provision C.2.7 of the CG Code requires that the Chairwoman should at
least annually hold meetings with independent non-executive directors without the presence of other directors.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, seven Board meetings were held and the Chairwoman held a meeting
with independent non-executive directors without presence of other directors. The Company expects to continue to
convene at least four regular meetings in each financial year at approximately quarterly intervals in accordance with
code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code, and to hold a meeting between the Chairwoman and the independent
non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors in accordance with code provision C.2.7 of the CG
Code.

A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at Board meetings and committee meetings is set out in the
following table below:




                                                      Number of meeting(s) attended/number of meeting(s)
                                                          held for the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                         Audit Remuneration       Nomination
Name of Director                                        Board       Committee      Committee       Committee


Executive Directors:
Dr. XIA Yu                                                   7/7              N/A                1/1               1/1
Dr. LI Baiyong                                               7/7              N/A                N/A               N/A
Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell                                    7/7              N/A                N/A               N/A
Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.)                                           7/7              N/A                N/A               N/A

Non-executive Directors:
Dr. ZHOU Yi                                                  7/7              N/A                N/A               N/A
Mr. XIE Ronggang                                             7/7              N/A                N/A               N/A

Independent Non-executive Directors:
Dr. ZENG Junwen                                              7/7               2/2               1/1               1/1
Dr. XU Yan                                                   7/7               2/2               1/1               1/1
Mr. TAN Bo                                                   7/7               2/2               N/A               N/A




                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       79
     Corporate Governance Report




     GENERAL MEETING
     During the year ended December 31, 2023, two general meetings were held.

     A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at general meeting is set out in the following table:

                                                                Number of meeting(s) attended/number of meeting(s)
     Name of Director                                                    held for the year ended December 31, 2023


     Executive Directors:
     Dr. XIA Yu                                                                                                      2/2
     Dr. LI Baiyong                                                                                                  2/2
     Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell                                                                                       2/2
     Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.)                                                                                              2/2

     Non-executive Directors:
     Dr. ZHOU Yi                                                                                                     2/2
     Mr. XIE Ronggang                                                                                                2/2

     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Dr. ZENG Junwen                                                                                                 2/2
     Dr. XU Yan                                                                                                      2/2
     Mr. TAN Bo                                                                                                      2/2

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the issuer’s policy on board diversity during the
     year and considered no material deficiencies were identified.

     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating
     to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive directors representing at least one-third of the Board
     with one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
     expertise.

     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company did not receive from the independent non-executive
     Directors of any subsequent change of circumstances which may affect his independence. The Company has
     received the annual confirmations of independence from each of the independent non-executive Directors. The
     Board has considered the independence of each of the independent non-executive Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13
     of the Listing Rules and considers each of them to be independent. Each of the independent non-executive
     Directors has renewed a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of 3 years on April 20, 2023.

     The Company has established mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board,
     channels are in place through formal and informal means whereby independent non-executive Directors can
     express their views in an open and candid manner as well as in a confidential manner, should circumstances
     required; these include regular Board surveys and Board reviews, dedicated meeting sessions with the Chairman
     and interaction with management and other Board members including the Chairman outside the boardroom. The
     mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board is reviewed annually.




80   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
All the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meeting of the Company.
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or
a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office and be eligible for
re-election at each annual general meeting of the Company, provided that every Director is subject to retirement by
rotation at least once every three years. In addition, any new Director appointed to fill a casual vacancy or as an
addition to the Board shall hold office only until the next following general meeting of the Company and shall then be
eligible for re-election at that meeting.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract that
is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.

RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE
BOARD AND MANAGEMENT
The Board is the primary decision-making body of the Company and is responsible for overseeing the Group’s
businesses, strategic decisions and performance and is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the
Company by directing and supervising its affairs. The Board makes decisions objectively to safeguard in the
interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-
day management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the Group. Before entering into any
significant transactions or commitments on behalf of the Company, senior management should obtain prior approval
and authorization from the Board.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
functioning. The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory
reporting of the Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on
corporate actions and operations. All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and
may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s
expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.

BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely, the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), the
remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination
Committee”), for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these committees is established
with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of each of these committees are available on the
websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Audit Committee
The Company has established an Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of
the Listing Rules and paragraph A.2 and paragraph D.3 of the CG Code. The primary duties of the Audit Committee
are to assist the Board by providing an independent view of the effectiveness of the financial reporting process,
internal control and risk management systems of the Group, overseeing the audit process and performing other
duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Board. The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-
executive Directors being Dr. ZENG Junwen, Dr. XU Yan and Mr. TAN Bo. The chairman of the Audit Committee is
Mr. TAN Bo. Mr. TAN Bo holds the appropriate professional qualifications as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21
of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       81
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Audit Committee had reviewed together with the management the accounting principles and policies adopted
     by the Group and discussed internal controls and financial reporting matters including a review of the audited
     consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023.

     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Audit Committee has convened two meetings. The attendance
     record of the Directors at meeting of the Audit Committee is set out in the table on page 79.

     During the meeting, the Audit Committee reviewed the annual results for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
     interim results for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and the related report of the Company and its subsidiaries
     and discuss matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company.

     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Board had not deviated from any recommendation given by the
     Audit Committee on the selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal of external auditor.

     Remuneration Committee
     The Company has established a Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule
     3.25 of the Listing Rules and paragraph E.1 of the CG Code. The Remuneration Committee consists of one executive
     Director, being Dr. XIA Yu, and two independent non-executive Directors, being Dr. ZENG Junwen and Dr. Xu Yan.
     The Remuneration Committee is chaired by Dr. ZENG Junwen. The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee
     include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) making recommendations to the Board on the policy and structure for
     all remuneration of Directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent
     procedure for developing policy on such remuneration; (ii) determining the specific remuneration packages of all
     Directors and senior management; (iii) reviewing and approving performance-based remuneration by reference to
     corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time; and (iv) reviewing and/or approving matters
     relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Remuneration Committee has convened one meeting to (i) review
     the remuneration policy and structure of the Company; and (ii) review and consider the remuneration packages for
     the Directors and senior management of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2023, no grant was
     made under the share schemes of the Company (i.e., the Pre-IPO RSU Scheme, 2021 RSU Scheme and Share
     Option Scheme) which requires review by the Remuneration Committee. The attendance record of the Directors at
     meeting of the Remuneration Committee is set out in the table on page 79.

     The emoluments of the Directors and senior management of the Group are decided by the Board with reference to
     the recommendation given by the Remuneration Committee, having regard to the individual performance and
     comparable market statistics.




82   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




The remuneration of the members of senior management by band for the year ended December 31, 2023 is set out
below:

                                                                                                      Number of
Remuneration bands (HK$)                                                                                persons


3,000,001–4,000,000                                                                                             1
5,000,001–6,000,000                                                                                             1
7,000,001–8,000,000                                                                                             1
37,000,001–38,000,000                                                                                           1


TOTAL                                                                                                           4


Nomination Committee
The Company has established a Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule
3.27A of the Listing Rules and paragraph B.3 of the CG Code. The Nomination Committee consists of one executive
Director, being Dr. XIA Yu, and two independent non-executive Directors, being Dr. ZENG Junwen and Dr. XU Yan.
The Chairwoman of the Nomination Committee is Dr. XIA Yu. The primary functions of the Nomination Committee
include, without limitation, reviewing the structure, size and composition of our Board, assessing the independence
of independent non-executive Directors and making recommendations to our Board on matters relating to the
appointment of Directors.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Nomination Committee has convened one meeting to (i) review the
structure, size and composition of the Board; (ii) make recommendation to the Board in respect of the reappointment
of Directors; (iii) assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and (iv) review the
Company’s director nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) and the Company’s board diversity policy (the
“Diversity Policy”), to ensure that it is in compliance with the Listing Rules and the CG Code. The attendance
record of the Directors at meeting of the Nomination Committee is set out in the table on page 79. The Board
considered that an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board was maintained for the year ended
December 31, 2023.

In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as
factors concerning board diversity as set out in the Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee would discuss and
agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to the
Board for adoption. In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee
would consider the candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the Nomination Policy that are necessary to
complement the corporate strategy and achieve board diversity, where appropriate, before making recommendation
to the Board.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.     83
     Corporate Governance Report




     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company has adopted the Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve diversity of the Board. The
     Company embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance.

     Pursuant to the Diversity Policy, the Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a
     number of factors, including but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and
     education background, ethnicity and length of service. Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills,
     including knowledge and experience in the areas of business management, biotech, clinical research, life science,
     finance, investment, auditing and accounting. They obtained degrees in various areas including medicine,
     immunology, chemistry, chemical physics, chemical engineering, pharmaceutical analysis, economics and
     accounting. At present, the Board considered an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board is
     maintained and the Nomination Committee has set measurable objectives (in terms of professional experience,
     skills, knowledge, gender, age and length of service etc.) to implement the Diversity Policy. Such objectives will be
     reviewed from time to time to ensure their appropriateness and the progress made towards achieving those
     objectives will be ascertained.

     The Board comprises nine members, including one female executive Director. Pursuant to the Board Diversity
     Policy, we aim to maintain at least 10% female representation in the Board and the composition of the Board satisfies
     this target gender ratio. We will implement policies to ensure gender diversity when recruiting staff to develop a
     pipeline of female senior management and potential successors to the Board. We will strive to enhance our female
     representation and achieve appropriate balance of gender diversity with reference to the stakeholders’ expectation
     and international and local recommended best practices. Furthermore, we will implement comprehensive programs
     aimed at identifying and training our female staff who display leadership and potential, with the goal of promoting
     them to the senior management or the Board.

     As of December 31, 2023, we had 2,778 full-time employees, of which 1,126 were male and 1,652 were female. The
     gender ratio in the workforce (including senior management) was approximately 41% males to 59% females. The
     Company is aiming to achieve a more balanced gender ratio in the workforce and targets to achieve a gender ratio
     in the workforce of not less than 50% males to 50% females. The Company will continue to monitor and evaluate the
     diversity policy from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness. The Company is not aware of any mitigating
     factor or circumstances which make achieving gender diversity across the workforce (including senior management)
     more challenging or less relevant.

     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Nomination Committee has reviewed the diversity of the Board and
     considered that the Group has achieved the measurable objectives of the Diversity Policy in terms of professional
     experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age and length of service etc.

     We are also committed to adopting a similar approach to promote diversity of the management (including but not
     limited to the senior management) of the Company to enhance the effectiveness of corporate governance of the
     Company as a whole.

     The Nomination Committee is delegated by the Board to be responsible for compliance with relevant codes
     governing board diversity under the Corporate Governance Code. The Board reviews the Diversity Policy annually to
     ensure its continued implementation and effectiveness.




84   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Measurable objectives
For the purpose of implementation of the Diversity Policy, the following measurable objectives were adopted:

(i)     Independence: The Board should include a balanced composition of executive and non- executive Directors
        (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong element of independence in the
        Board. The independent non-executive Directors shall be of sufficient calibre and stature for their views to
        carry weight.

(ii)    Skills and experience: The Board possesses a balance of skills appropriate for the requirements of the
        business of the Company. The Directors have a mix of finance, academic and management backgrounds that
        taken together provide the Company with considerable experience in a range of activities.

(iii)   Gender equality: The Board consists of a female director.

Apart from the above objectives, the Diversity Policy has complied with the following objectives with the Listing
Rules:

1.      at least one third of the members of the Board shall be independent non-executive Directors;

2.      at least three of the members of the Board shall be independent non-executive Directors; and

3.      at least one of the members of the Board shall have obtained appropriate professional qualifications or
        accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Board has achieved the measurable objectives in the Diversity Policy.

Dividend Policy
The Company has never declared or paid regular cash dividends on its ordinary Shares. The Company currently
expects to retain all future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of the business and do not anticipate
paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any declaration and payment as well as the amount of dividends
will be subject to our constitutional documents and the Cayman Companies Act. The declaration and payment of
any dividends in the future will be determined by the Board, in its discretion, and will depend on a number of factors,
including our earnings, capital requirements, overall financial condition and contractual restrictions.

Our Shareholders in a general meeting may approve any declaration of dividends, which must not exceed the
amount recommended by our Board. As advised by our Cayman counsel, under the Companies Act, a Cayman
Islands company may pay a dividend out of either profits or share premium account, provided that in no
circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would result in the company being unable to pay its debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. In light of our accumulated losses as disclosed in this annual report, it is
unlikely that we will be eligible to pay a dividend out of our profits in the foreseeable future. We may, however, pay a
dividend out of our share premium account unless the payment of such a dividend would result in our Company
being unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. There is no assurance that
dividends of any amount will be declared to be distributed in any year.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      85
     Corporate Governance Report




     Nomination Policy
     The Board has adopted a Nomination Policy with regard to nomination of Directors. The Nomination Policy also sets
     out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new Directors and re-election of Directors at general
     meetings. The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for the appointment of a Director including an
     independent non-executive Director in accordance with the following selection criteria and nomination procedures:

     (a)   identify individuals who are suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations
           to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships, having due regard to the Company’s
           Board diversity policy, the requirements in the Company’s constitution, the Listing Rules and applicable laws
           and regulations, and the relevant candidates’ contributions to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills,
           experiences, independence and gender diversity;

     (b)   assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors to determine their eligibility with reference
           to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and any other factors deemed appropriate by the
           Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee or the Board. If a proposed independent non-executive
           Director will be holding their seventh (or more) listed company directorship, to assess his/her ability to devote
           sufficient time to the Board matters; and

     (c)   develop the criteria for identifying and assessing the qualifications of and evaluating candidates for
           directorship, including but not limited to evaluating the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the
           Board, and in the light of this evaluation prepared a description of the role and capabilities required for a
           particular appointment. The Nomination Governance Committee will review the Nomination Policy, from time to
           time and as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
     The Board has delegated the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code to the
     Audit Committee.

     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Audit Committee has reviewed the Company’s corporate
     governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
     management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and the
     Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in its Corporate Governance Report.

     The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
     knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company may from time to time and as the circumstances
     require provide updated written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a director of a
     company listed on the Stock Exchange.

     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year
     ended December 31, 2023.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
     doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.




86   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors should participate in continuous professional
development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains
informed and relevant.

Pursuant to the code provision C.1.1 of the CG Code, each newly appointed Director should be provided with
necessary induction and information to ensure that he/she has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations
and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities under relevant statues, laws, rules and regulations.

During the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, the Directors were regularly
briefed on the amendments to or updates on the relevant laws, rules and regulations.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, all Directors, namely Dr. XIA Yu, Dr. LI Baiyong, Dr. WANG Zhongmin
Maxwell, Mr. XIA Yu (Ph. D.), Dr. ZHOU Yi, Mr. XIE Ronggang, Dr. ZENG Junwen, Dr. XU Yan and Mr. TAN Bo, have
participated in training sessions conducted by the legal advisers of the Company, and have been updated with the
latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance
and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices. The Directors are asked to submit a signed
training record to the Company on an annual basis. In addition, continuing briefing and professional development to
Directors will be arranged whenever necessary.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY AND REMUNERATION
The Company appointed Ernst & Young as the external auditor for the year ended December 31, 2023. A statement
by Ernst & Young about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included in the Independent
Auditors’ Report on pages 96 to 98 of this annual report.

Details of the fees paid/payable in respect of the audit and non-audit services provided by Ernst & Young for the
year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                     Fees paid and
Services rendered for the Company                                                                                          payable
                                                                                                                          RMB’000


Audit services                                                                                                                2,280
Services in connection with proposed issue of RMB shares and
  listing on the Shanghai Stock Exchange                                                                                      2,000
Non-audit services (note)                                                                                                     1,062


Total                                                                                                                         5,342

Note: Non-audit services are related to interim review, ESG reporting consulting and tax advising.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.   87
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
     Risk management
     The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and
     reviewing their effectiveness. The risk management and internal control measures are designed to manage rather
     than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute
     assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     We have established an internal audit function to carry out the analysis and independent appraisal of the adequacy
     and effective of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems. Relevant personnel have been
     designated to be responsible for identifying and monitoring the Group’s risks and internal control issues and reports
     directly to the Board of any findings and follow-up actions. Each member of the Group is required to adhere strictly
     to the Group’s internal control procedures and report to the internal audit team of any risks or internal control
     measures.

     The following key principles outline the Company’s approach to risk management:

     •    The Audit Committee will oversee and manage the overall risks associated with the Company’s business
          operations, including (i) reviewing and approving the Company’s risk management policies to ensure that it is
          consistent with its corporate objectives; (ii) monitoring the most significant risks associated with the Company’s
          business operations and its management’s handling of such risks; and (iii) ensuring the appropriate
          application of our risk management framework across the Group.

     •    The relevant departments, including but not limited to the business operations department, finance department
          and general administration department, are responsible for developing and implementing our risk management
          policy and carrying out our day-to-day risk management practice, such as assessing risks on key business
          operations, advising risk responses and optimizing risk management policies. In order to formalize risk
          management across our Group and set a common level of transparency and risk management performance,
          the relevant departments will (i) gather information about the risks relating to their operation or function; (ii)
          conduct risk assessments, which include the identification, prioritization, measurement and categorization of
          all key risks that could potentially affect their objectives; (iii) continuously monitor the key risks relating to their
          operation or function; (iv) implement appropriate risk responses where necessary; and (v) develop and
          maintain an appropriate mechanism to facilitate the application of our risk management framework.

     The risk management and internal control systems of the Company during the reporting year are reviewed on an
     annual basis. Arrangements are in place to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks including facilitating
     employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting,
     internal control or other matters of the Company. We consider that the Directors and members of the Company’s
     senior management possess the necessary knowledge and experience in providing good corporate governance
     oversight in connection with risk management and internal control. During the annual review, save as the enhanced
     internal control measures adopted as a result of the Exceeded Purchase Costs as disclosed in “Related Party
     Transactions and Connected Transactions” in this report, the Board is of the view that the risk management and
     internal control systems in respect of the year ended December 31, 2023 are effective and adequate.




88   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




Internal control
The Board is responsible for establishing and ensuring effective internal controls to safeguard the Shareholder’s
investment at all times. The Company’s internal control policies set out a framework to identify, assess, evaluate and
monitor key risks associated with its strategic objectives on an ongoing basis. The Company has adopted various
measures and procedures regarding each aspect of its business operation. The Company provides training about
these measures and procedures to new employees. The Company also constantly monitors the implementation of
those measures and procedures. The Company maintains strict anti-corruption policies on personnel with external
communication functions.

The Company will also ensure that its commercialization team complies with applicable promotion and advertising
requirements, which include restrictions on promoting drugs for unapproved uses or patient populations and
limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. The Directors (who are responsible for
monitoring the corporate governance of the Group), with help from the Company’s legal advisors, will also
periodically review its compliance status with all relevant laws and regulations.

The Audit Committee will (i) make recommendations to the Directors on the appointment and removal of external
auditors; and (ii) review the financial statements and render advice in respect of financial reporting as well as
oversee internal control procedures of the Group.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company has regularly reviewed and enhanced its risk
management and internal control systems. We believe that our Directors and members of our senior management
possess the necessary knowledge and experience in providing good corporate governance oversight in connection
with risk management and internal control. Save as the enhanced internal control measures adopted as a result of
the Exceeded Purchase Costs as disclosed in “Related Party Transactions and Connected Transactions” in this
report, no significant change to the system was implemented over the year ended December 31, 2023. The
Company has received confirmation from the management and the Audit Committee in respect of the effectiveness
of the system.

The Company has established internal audit function and risk management and internal control systems with
relevant policies and procedures that we believe are appropriate for our business operations.

The Company has established procedures for identifying, handling and disseminating inside information in
compliance with the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including the issue
of an inside information disclosure policy, the annual review and update (if necessary) of such inside information
disclosure policy, pre-clearance on dealing in Company’s securities by Directors and designated members of the
management, notification of regular blackout period and securities dealing restrictions to relevant Directors and
employees have been implemented by the Company to guard against possible mishandling of inside information
within the Group.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      89
     Corporate Governance Report




     Whistleblowing policy
     The Company has adopted arrangement to facilitate employees and other stakeholders to raise concerns, in
     confidence, about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters.

     The Audit Committee of the Company shall review such arrangement regularly and ensure that proper arrangements
     are in place for fair and independent investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action.

     Anti-corruption Training
     Honesty and fairness are important assets of the Group’s business. The Group endeavours to maintain a high level
     of the ethical corporate culture. The Group sends anti-corruption training rules and relevant documents to all
     employees via email on an annual basis, hoping to ensure that all employees comply with the Company’s rules in
     daily operations by developing a sound risk management code and internal control code and providing integrity
     training.

     During the Reporting Period, the Company complied with the provisions on prohibiting corruption and bribery under
     the “Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China” as well as any legal provisions and requirements for listed
     companies in Hong Kong, and was not involved in any legal prosecution of corruption.

     COMPANY SECRETARY AND PRIMARY CONTACT OF THE COMPANY
     Mr. XI Xiaojie (“Mr. Xi”) has resigned as a joint company secretary of the Company since May 3, 2023 as a result of
     personal career development. Ms. LEUNG Wai Yan (“Ms. Leung”) has been appointed as the joint company
     secretary of the Company since August 23, 2022. Ms. Leung is currently a manager of corporate services of Vistra
     Corporate Services (HK) Limited (a company secretarial service provider). Since the resignation of Mr. Xi, Ms. Leung
     remains in office and act as the sole company secretary of the Company. Dr. XIA Yu, an executive director of the
     Company, is the primary contact of Ms. Leung at the Company.

     In compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Ms. Leung has undertook not less than 15 hours of relevant
     professional training to update her skills and knowledge during the year ended December 31, 2023.

     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings (“EGM”) by Shareholders
     Pursuant to the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles”), an EGM shall be called by notice in writing of
     not less than 14 days. Any two or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than
     one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings of the Company (the
     “Eligible Shareholder(s)”) shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the company
     secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”), to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the
     transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

     Eligible Shareholder(s) who wish to convene an EGM must deposit a written requisition (the “Requisition”) signed
     by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong, at Room
     1901, 19/F Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company
     Secretary.




90   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




The Requisition must state clearly the name of the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned, his/her/their shareholding in
the Company, the reason(s) to convene an EGM, the agenda proposed to be included and the details of the
business(es) proposed to be transacted at the EGM. The Requisition must be signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s)
concerned.

The Company will check the Requisition and the identity and the shareholding of the Eligible Shareholder(s) will be
verified with the Company’s branch share registrar. If the Requisition is found to be proper and in order, the
Company Secretary will ask the Board to convene an EGM within two (2) months and/or include the proposal or the
resolution proposed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) at the EGM after the deposit of the Requisition.

If within 21 days of the deposit of the Requisition the Board has not advised the Eligible Shareholders of any
outcome to the contrary and fails to proceed to convene such EGM within a further 21 days, the Eligible
Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in accordance with the Articles, and all reasonable expenses
incurred by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned by the Company.

Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings
There are no provisions under the Articles of Association or the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands regarding
procedures for Shareholders to put forward proposals at general meetings other than a proposal of a person for
election as a Director.

Shareholders may follow the procedures set out above to convene an extraordinary general meeting for any
business specified in such written requisition.

For proposal of a person for election as Director, pursuant to Article 16.4 of the Articles of Association, no person
shall, unless recommended by the Board, be eligible for election to the office of Director at any general meeting
unless during the period, which shall be at least seven days, commencing no earlier than the day after the dispatch
of the notice of the meeting appointed for such election and ending no later than seven days prior to the date of
such meeting, there has been given to the company secretary notice in writing by a member of the Company (not
being the person to be proposed), entitled to attend and vote at the meeting for which such notice is given, of his
intention to propose such person for election and also notice in writing signed by the person to be proposed of his
willingness to be elected.

Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details
For putting forward any enquiries to the Board of the Company, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the
Company. The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.

Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

Address:                    No. 6, Shennong Road, Torch Development Zone, Zhongshan City,
                            Guangdong Province 528437

Telephone:                  0760-8987-3998

Fax:                        0760-8987-3900

Email:                      ir@akesobio.com




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      91
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT
     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
     and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies.

     The Company has adopted Shareholders’ communication policy (the “Communication Policy”) on April 7, 2020
     ensure that the Shareholders and in appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large (which include
     the Company’s potential investors as well as analysts who report and analyze the Company’s performance), are
     timely provided with information about the Company (including its financial performance, strategic goals and plans,
     material developments and corporate governance), in order to enable Shareholders to exercise their rights in an
     informed manner, and to enhance the communication between the Shareholders, the investment community and the
     Company.

     The Communication Policy has set out means of communication by Shareholders and the investment community, for
     example, Shareholders and the investment community may at any time contact either the Company’s investor
     relations department or the joint Company secretaries to enquire about the information published by the Company.
     Information uploaded by the Company to the HKEx News Website is also posted on the Company’s website
     immediately thereafter. Such information includes announcements, circulars and notices of general meetings and
     other documents. Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings (including annual general
     meetings) and to attend Shareholders’ activities organized by the Company, where information about the Company,
     including its latest strategic plan, products and services, etc. will be communicated. The Company endeavours to
     maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other
     general meetings. At the forthcoming annual general meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) will be
     available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries. These channels allow us to receive feedback from our
     Shareholders and the investment community.

     The implementation and effectiveness of the Communication Policy has been reviewed by the Board during the year
     ended December 31, 2023 and considered that it is adequate and effective, having considered the communication
     channels in place provided Shareholders and investment community with information about the latest development
     of the Group in a timely manner, and the Company has established a range of communication channels between
     itself and its shareholders, investors and other stakeholders to allow the Company to receive feedback effectively.

     CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     A special resolution has been passed at an EGM held on May 19, 2023 to adopt the Restated Memorandum and
     Articles of Association of the Company (i) for the preparation of the proposed RMB share issue on the Science and
     Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange; (ii) to further improve and standardize the Articles of
     Association and adopt other consequential and housekeeping amendments; and (iii) to comply with the core
     shareholder protection standards as set out in the Listing Rules. A copy of the Amended and Restated Memorandum
     and Articles of Association has been posted on the website of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

     Save as disclosed above, the Company did not make any other changes to its constitutional documents during the
     year ended December 31, 2023.




92   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders of Akeso, Inc. 康方生物科技(開曼)有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Akeso, Inc. 康方生物科技(開曼)有限公司 (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 99 to 179, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the
“Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is
provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the
performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to
address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       93
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
     Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter


     Revenue recognition

     The Group recorded revenue amounting to approximately         —    We obtained an understanding of, evaluated the
     RMB4,526 million in the consolidated statement of profit or        design and tested the operating effectiveness of
     loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended             controls over the revenue recognition of sales of
     31 December 2023. Revenue mainly derived from sales of             goods and licenses;
     products and license contracts for the development,
     manufacture and commercialisation of candidate drugs.         —    We obtained the sales and license contracts with
                                                                        customers, and reviewed key terms of revenue
     Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised                recognition to assess management’s identification of
     when controls of goods, licenses and services have been            performance obligations and management’s
     transferred to the customers according to the contract             estimation of the variable consideration amounts and
     terms. We focus on this area due to the large transaction          to evaluate the timing of the revenue recognition;
     volume and sales amounts from sales of goods and
     the revenue recognition of license involves significant       —    We involved internal specialists to assist us in
     judgements and estimates made by management.                       the assessment of the methodologies and the
     Therefore, we identified the revenue recognition of sales          assumptions used by management in determination
     of goods and license contracts as a key audit matter.              of the standalone selling price of each performance
                                                                        obligation in the license contracts;
     The Group’s specific disclosures about revenue recognition
     are included in note 2.4 Material accounting policies,        —    We examined the revenue records on a sample
     note 3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates             basis to check the occurrence and accuracy;
     and note 4 Revenue and operating segment information
     to the financial statements.                                  —    We tested the recognition of revenue transactions
                                                                        close to the period end to assess whether they
                                                                        were recorded in the correct period;

                                                                   —    We tested the accuracy and completeness of the
                                                                        calculation for the variable consideration amounts
                                                                        included in the total consideration on a sample
                                                                        basis and assessed whether proper accounting
                                                                        treatment has been made by management;

                                                                   —    We obtained revenue and trade receivables
                                                                        confirmations from major customers and reviewed
                                                                        the reconciliation of any material difference
                                                                        provided by management by checking related
                                                                        documents, and performed alternative procedures
                                                                        for the confirmations with no response; and

                                                                   —    We inquired of management about the reasons for
                                                                        periodical fluctuations in revenue and identified
                                                                        whether there were any unusual items.




94   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Recognition of research and development expenses

The Group incurred significant research and development       —    We obtained an understanding of, evaluated and
(“R&D”) expenses of RMB1,254 million as disclosed in the           tested the key controls over the R&D expenses
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other                 process;
comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December
2023, which mainly consisted of staff costs, clinical trial   —    We inquired of management about the reasons for
expenses and service fees paid to outsourced service               periodical fluctuations in R&D expenses and
providers. The research and development activities with            identified whether there were any unusual items;
these service providers are documented in detailed
agreements and typically performed over an extended           —    We reviewed the key terms set out in agreements
period. The allocation of these R&D expenses to the                with outsourced service providers and performed
appropriate reporting period based on the progress of the          background search as well as site visits on a
research and development projects involves judgements.             sample basis. We evaluated the progress of the
Therefore, we identified the recognition of research and           R&D projects based on the inspection of
development expenses as a key audit matter.                        supporting documents on a sample basis; and

The Group’s disclosure about R&D expenses is included         —    We reviewed the R&D expense payments and
in note 2.4 Material accounting policies to the financial          other supporting documents in both current and
statements.                                                        subsequent periods in order to determine the
                                                                   completeness and accuracy of the R&D expenses.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.    95
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
     thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
     based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
     a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
     preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
     error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
     Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
     using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the
     Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
     overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
     towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
     with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
     and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
     economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




96   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
     is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
     forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
     cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
     uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
     consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
     conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
     events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
     for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      97
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
     about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
     in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
     interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Hui Kin Fai, Stephen.




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants

     27/F, One Taikoo Place
     979 King’s Road
     Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

     18 March 2024




98   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                  Notes      RMB’000            RMB’000


Product sales                                                      4        1,631,111          1,104,385
License income                                                     4        2,922,775              3,920


Total sales from products and licenses                                      4,553,886          1,108,305
Less: Distribution cost                                            4          (27,633)          (270,649)


Revenue                                                            4        4,526,253            837,656

Cost of sales                                                                (133,248)           (94,117)


Gross profit                                                                4,393,005            743,539

Other income and gains, net                                        5          454,180            158,613
Research and development expenses                                          (1,254,023)        (1,323,098)
Selling and marketing expenses                                               (890,384)          (552,661)
Administrative expenses                                                      (200,094)          (199,007)
Share of loss of a long-term equity investment                     16        (191,722)                 –
Other expenses, net                                                          (281,450)          (206,312)
Finance costs                                                      7          (86,987)           (43,290)


PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX                                            6       1,942,525         (1,422,216)
Income tax expense                                                 10            (174)                 –


PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                  1,942,351         (1,422,216)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME

Other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                   (95,025)          (294,663)


Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Translation from functional currency to presentation currency                89,139            423,297


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
 FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                                       (5,886)          128,634


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                              1,936,465         (1,293,582)




                                                                          Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.   99
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income


      Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                         2023              2022
                                                           Note       RMB’000            RMB’000


      Profit/(Loss) attributable to:
        Owners of the parent                                          2,028,300        (1,168,393)
        Non-controlling interests                                       (85,949)         (253,823)


                                                                      1,942,351        (1,422,216)


      Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
        Owners of the parent                                          2,022,414        (1,039,759)
        Non-controlling interests                                       (85,949)         (253,823)


                                                                      1,936,465        (1,293,582)


      EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
       ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
       Basic                                               12     RMB2.42 yuan     RMB(1.42) yuan


        Diluted                                            12     RMB2.42 yuan     RMB(1.42) yuan




100   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                   31 December 2023


                                                                          2023              2022
                                                            Notes      RMB’000            RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                13       2,823,982          1,999,616
Right-of-use assets                                         14(a)       338,042            163,074
Intangible assets                                            15           6,417              8,496
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       21(b)        12,039             10,000
Long-term equity investment                                  16         293,441                  –
Other non-current assets                                     17          30,403            256,291


Total non-current assets                                              3,504,324          2,437,477


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                  18         391,868            341,832
Trade receivables                                            19         295,563            271,046
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets              20          94,918            157,199
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       21(a)       852,431            195,912
Pledged deposits and time deposits with original maturity
  of more than three months                                  22       2,499,673                 94
Cash and cash equivalents                                    22       1,542,313          2,092,388


Total current assets                                                  5,676,766          3,058,471


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade payables                                               23         354,828            308,948
Other payables and accruals                                  24         443,575            599,178
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                   25         390,513            445,979
Lease liabilities                                           14(b)        14,514              5,898
Tax payable                                                               1,152              1,133


Total current liabilities                                             1,204,582          1,361,136


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                    4,472,184          1,697,335


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                 7,976,508          4,134,812




                                                                    Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.   101
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


      31 December 2023


                                                                                                                                  2023                             2022
                                                                                                   Notes                       RMB’000                           RMB’000


      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                     25                       2,577,270                          1,421,278
      Contract liabilities                                                                            4                         631,651                                  –
      Lease liabilities                                                                             14(b)                         8,605                              5,954
      Deferred income                                                                                26                         240,031                            159,566
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                       27                             174                                  –


      Total non-current liabilities                                                                                           3,457,731                          1,586,798


      Net assets                                                                                                              4,518,777                          2,548,014


      EQUITY
      Equity attributable to owners of the parent
      Share capital                                                                                   28                             59                                 59
      Shares held for restricted share unit schemes                                                   28                        (63,567)                           (84,452)
      Reserves                                                                                        30                      4,755,847                          2,720,020


                                                                                                                              4,692,339                          2,635,627

      Non-controlling interests                                                                                                 (173,562)                          (87,613)


      Total equity                                                                                                            4,518,777                          2,548,014




      ..........................................................................   ...........................................................................
      Dr. XIA Yu                                                                   Dr. LI Baiyong
      Director                                                                     Director




102   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                          Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                    Shares
                                                   held for
                                                 restricted                                        Share         Exchange                                        Non-
                                        Share    share unit      Share            Capital         award          fluctuation Accumulated                   controlling       Total
                                       capital    schemes     premium*           reserve*        reserve*           reserve*      losses*        Total       interests      equity
                                     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                      Note 28      Note 28     Note 28           Note 30         Note 29            Note 30


At 1 January 2022                          57      (51,718)   4,007,049        2,112,912         130,552          (285,525)   (2,749,271)     3,164,056      116,210      3,280,266
Loss for the year                           –            –            –                –               –                 –    (1,168,393)    (1,168,393)    (253,823)    (1,422,216)
Other comprehensive loss
  for the year:
  Exchange differences on
   translation of foreign
  operations                                –            –           –                  –               –         (294,663)            –      (294,663)             –     (294,663)
  Translation from functional
   currency to presentation
  currency                                  –            –           –                  –               –         423,297              –       423,297              –      423,297


Total comprehensive loss
  for the year                              –            –           –                  –               –         128,634     (1,168,393)    (1,039,759)    (253,823)    (1,293,582)
Issue of shares                             2            –     500,464                  –               –               –              –        500,466            –        500,466
Share issue expenses                        –            –      (5,005)                 –               –               –              –         (5,005)           –         (5,005)
Equity-settled share award
  arrangements                              –            –           –                  –         48,603                 –             –        48,603              –       48,603
Shares held for restricted
  share unit schemes                        –      (32,734)          –                  –               –                –             –       (32,734)             –      (32,734)
Exercise of restricted share units          –            –      82,866                  –         (82,866)               –             –             –              –            –
Capital injection from a
  non-controlling shareholder
  of a subsidiary                           –            –           –                  –               –                –             –              –       50,000        50,000


At 31 December 2022                        59      (84,452)   4,585,374        2,112,912          96,289          (156,891)   (3,917,664)    2,635,627        (87,613)   2,548,014




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.                     103
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


      Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                Shares
                                                               held for
                                                             restricted                              Share       Share Exchange                                        Non-
                                                    Share    share unit      Share      Capital      award      option fluctuation Accumulated                   controlling      Total
                                                   capital    schemes     premium*     reserve*    reserve*    reserve*    reserve*    losses*        Total        interests     equity
                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                  Note 28      Note 28     Note 28     Note 30     Note 29     Note 29     Note 30


      At 1 January 2023                                59      (84,452)   4,585,374   2,112,912     96,289          –     (156,891)   (3,917,664)   2,635,627       (87,613)   2,548,014
      Profit for the year                               –            –            –           –          –          –            –     2,028,300    2,028,300       (85,949)   1,942,351
      Other comprehensive income for the year:
        Exchange differences on translation
         of foreign operations                          –            –           –           –           –          –      (95,025)            –      (95,025)            –      (95,025)
        Translation from functional currency
         to presentation currency                       –            –           –           –           –          –       89,139             –      89,139              –      89,139


      Total comprehensive income for the year           –            –           –           –           –          –       (5,886)   2,028,300     2,022,414       (85,949)   1,936,465


      Equity-settled share award arrangements           –            –           –           –      32,266          –            –             –      32,266              –      32,266
      Equity-settled share option arrangements          –            –           –           –           –      2,032            –             –       2,032              –       2,032
      Exercise of restricted share units                –       20,885           –           –     (19,185)         –            –        (1,700)          –              –           –


      At 31 December 2023                              59      (63,567)   4,585,374   2,112,912    109,370      2,032     (162,777)   (1,891,064)   4,692,339      (173,562)   4,518,777


      *         These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB4,755,847,000 (2022: RMB2,720,020,000) in the consolidated statement
                of financial position.




104   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                            2023              2022
                                                              Notes      RMB’000            RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit/(Loss) before tax:                                               1,942,525         (1,422,216)
Adjustments for:
  Bank interest income                                         5         (119,733)           (21,972)
  Investment income from financial products                    5          (47,952)            (5,548)
  Gain upon early termination of a lease                       6                –                (30)
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                6          125,323             91,720
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          6           15,206             11,844
  Amortisation of intangible assets                            6            2,239              2,225
  Net changes in fair value of financial assets
     at fair value through profit or loss                       5          (4,154)              (556)
  Government grant released                                     5        (118,320)          (109,205)
  Share of loss of a long-term equity investment               16         191,722                  –
  Foreign exchange differences, net                             6        (135,887)            29,855
  Equity-settled share award expenses                                      32,266             48,603
  Equity-settled share option expenses                                      2,032                  –
  Finance costs                                                7           86,987             43,290
  Write-down of inventories to net realisable value            6            4,266              8,997
  Impairment of trade receivables, net                         6              868                435


                                                                        1,977,388         (1,322,558)
Increase in inventories                                                   (54,302)          (154,210)
Increase in trade receivables                                             (25,385)          (169,632)
Decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other assets               163,031             24,783
Increase in trade payables                                                 45,880            102,633
(Decrease)/Increase in other payables and accruals                       (119,169)           164,240
Increase in contract liabilities                                          302,295                  –
Increase in deferred income in respect of government
  grants related to income                                                105,664             92,359


Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                2,395,402         (1,262,385)
Bank interest received                                                     72,371             21,972


Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                      2,467,773         (1,240,413)




                                                                      Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.   105
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


      Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                       2023         2022
                                                                            Note    RMB’000       RMB’000


      Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                           2,467,773     (1,240,413)


      CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                            (719,382)     (775,642)
      Purchase of intangible assets                                                      (160)       (6,741)
      Purchases of items of land use rights                                          (159,948)      (20,115)
      Purchases of a long-term equity investment                                     (155,807)            –
      Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                      2             6
      Receipt of government grants related to assets                                   93,121       112,554
      Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           (8,954,911)   (2,870,070)
      Proceeds from disposal of financial assets
         at fair value through profit or loss                                      8,303,853     2,664,713
      Interest income from financial assets at fair
         value through profit or loss                                                  47,952        5,548
      Increase in time deposits                                                    (2,440,324)           –
      Increase in pledged deposits                                                    (11,646)           –


      Net cash flows used in investing activities                                  (3,997,250)    (889,747)


      CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      New bank and other borrowings                                                1,473,782     1,050,487
      Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                        (374,847)      (45,448)
      Share issue expenses                                                            (3,378)       (5,005)
      Proceeds from issue of shares                                                        –       500,466
      Principal portion of capital element of lease payments                         (12,080)       (9,358)
      Capital injection from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                  –        50,000
      Interest paid                                                                 (123,708)      (55,292)
      Decrease in refundable deposits                                                  1,122             –


      Net cash flows from financing activities                                       960,891     1,485,850


      NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                     (568,586)     (644,310)
      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                               2,092,388     2,641,625
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                    18,511        95,073


      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                     1,542,313     2,092,388


      ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

      Cash and cash equivalents as stated
       in the statement of financial position                               22     1,542,313     2,092,388


      Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
       statement of cash flows                                                     1,542,313     2,092,388




106   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                31 December 2023


1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
  The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability on 30
  January 2019. The address of the registered office of the Company is Floor 4, Willow House, Cricket Square,
  Grand Cayman KY1-9010, Cayman Islands.

  The Company is an investment holding company. The Company’s subsidiaries are involved in research and
  development, production and sale of biopharmaceutical products.

  The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 24
  April 2020.

  Information about subsidiaries
  Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                 Place of
                                 incorporation/              Issued ordinary/       Percentage of
                                 registration and                  registered     equity attributable
  Name                           business                       share capital      to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                   Direct        Indirect


  Akeso (BVI), Inc. (note (a))   British Virgin Islands   United States dollars     100%               – Investment holding
                                   (“BVI”)                     (“US$”) 50,000

  Akeso Biopharma Co., Ltd. *    People’s Republic of       Renminbi (“RMB”)            –         100% Product research and
    (中山康方生物醫藥有限公司)                 China (“PRC”)/              5,000,000,000                             development, technology
    (note (b))                     Chinese Mainland                                                      transfer and provision of
                                                                                                         consulting service

  Akeso Pharma Co., Ltd.         PRC/Chinese Mainland        RMB200,000,000             –           95% Product research and
    (“Akeso Pharma”) *                                                                                    development, product
    (康方藥業有限公司) (note (b))                                                                                 sales

  Akeso Tiancheng                PRC/Chinese Mainland        RMB200,000,000             –         100% Product research and
    Guangdong Co., Ltd. *                                                                                development, technology
    (康方天成(廣東)製藥有限公司)                                                                                     transfer and provision of
     (note (b))                                                                                          consulting service

  AD Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.   PRC/Chinese Mainland        RMB243,800,000             –           65% Product research and
   (“AD Pharmaceuticals”)*                                                                                development
   (康融東方(廣東)醫藥有限公司)
   (note (b))

  AD Pharmaceuticals    PRC/Chinese Mainland                  RMB20,000,000             –           65% Product research and
   Guangzhou Co., Ltd.*                                                                                   development
   (康融東方(廣州)生物醫藥有限公司)
   (note (b))




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.         107
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
           Information about subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                  Place of
                                                  incorporation/                Issued ordinary/         Percentage of
                                                  registration and                    registered       equity attributable
           Name                                   business                         share capital        to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                                        Direct        Indirect


           AkesoBio Inc. (note (a))               United States of America           US$333,000               –         100% Product research and
                                                    (the “USA”)                                                                development

           Akesobio Australia Pty Ltd. (note (a)) Australia                     Australian dollars            –         100% Product research and
                                                                                (“A$”) 8,028,086                               development

           Akeso Limited (note (a))               Hong Kong                    Hong Kong dollars              –         100% Investment holding
                                                                               (“HK$”) 2,560,000

           Akeso-Sino Pharma Co., Ltd.* PRC/Chinese Mainland                    RMB500,000,000                –         100% Product research and
             (康方賽諾醫藥有限公司) (note (b))                                                                                           development

           CTTQ-Akeso (Shanghai) Biomed.      PRC/Chinese Mainland              RMB689,450,000                –          50% Product research and
             Tech. Co., Ltd. (“CTTQ-Akeso”) *                                                                                  development, product
             (正大天晴康方(上海)                                                                                                       sales
             生物醫藥科技有限公司) (note (b))

           Notes:

           (a)      Registered as a limited liability company.

           (b)      Registered as a limited liability company under PRC law.

           (c)      The registered capital of Akeso Biopharma Co., Ltd. and Akeso Tiancheng Guangdong Co., Ltd. approximately RMB486,947,000 and
                    RMB14,000,000 respectively, was unpaid as at 31 December 2023.

           *        The English names of these companies represent the best effort made by the directors of the Company to translate the Chinese names
                    as these companies have not been registered with any official English names.

                    None of the subsidiaries of the Group had issued any debt securities at the end of the reporting period.


           The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected
           the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other
           subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




108   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                  31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  2.1 Basis of preparation
      These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
      Standards (“IFRSs”) (which include all International Financial Reporting Standards, International
      Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the International Accounting Standards
      Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have
      been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for the financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in RMB
      and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

      Basis of consolidation
      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
      subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2023. A subsidiary
      is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is
      achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
      investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights
      that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

      Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company
      has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group
      considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee,
      including:

      (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

      (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

      (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

      The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company,
      using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which
      the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

      Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
      parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests
      having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows
      relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

      The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
      there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the
      ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

      If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill),
      liabilities, any non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value
      of any investment retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of
      components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or
      retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly
      disposed of the related assets or liabilities.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       109
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
                The Group has adopted the following new and revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year’s
                financial statements .

                IFRS 17                                      Insurance Contracts
                Amendments to IAS 1 and                      Disclosure of Accounting Policies
                  IFRS Practice Statement 2
                Amendments to IAS 8                          Definition of Accounting Estimates
                Amendments to IAS 12                         Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                                from a Single Transaction
                Amendments to IAS 12                         International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules

                The nature and the impact of the new and revised IFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described
                below:

                (a)   Amendments to IAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather
                      than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when
                      considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can
                      reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial
                      statements make on the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to IFRS Practice
                      Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the
                      concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. The Group has disclosed the material
                      accounting policy information in note 2 to the financial statements. The amendments did not have
                      any impact on the measurement, recognition or presentation of any items in the Group’s financial
                      statements.

                (b)   Amendments to IAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes
                      in accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial
                      statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities
                      use measurement techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. Since the Group’s
                      approach and policy align with the amendments, the amendments had no impact on the Group’s
                      financial statements.

                (c)   Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                      Transaction narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in IAS 12 so that it no longer
                      applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such
                      as leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a
                      deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for
                      temporary differences arising from these transactions.

                      Upon the application of the amendments, the Group has determined the temporary differences
                      arising from right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately, which have been reflected in the
                      reconciliation disclosed in note 27 to the financial statements. They did not have any material
                      impact on the overall deferred tax balances presented in the consolidated statement of financial
                      position as the related deferred tax balances qualified for offsetting under IAS 12.




110   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                        31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
       (d)   Amendments to IAS 12 International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a mandatory
             temporary exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the
             implementation of the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-
             operation and Development. The amendments also introduce disclosure requirements for the
             affected entities to help users of the financial statements better understand the entities’ exposure to
             Pillar Two income taxes, including the disclosure of current tax related to Pillar Two income taxes
             separately in the periods when Pillar Two legislation is effective and the disclosure of known or
             reasonably estimable information of their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which
             the legislation is enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect. The Group has applied the
             amendments retrospectively. Since the Group did not fall within the scope of the Pillar Two model
             rules, the amendments did not have any impact to the Group.

   2.3 Issued but not yet effective international financial reporting standards
       The Group has not applied the following revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in
       these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these revised IFRSs, if applicable, when they
       become effective.

       Amendments to IFRS 10 and                      Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
        IAS 28                                          Associate or Joint Venture3
       Amendments to IFRS 16                          Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
       Amendments to IAS 1                            Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                        (the “2020 Amendments”)1
       Amendments to IAS 1                            Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)1
       Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                 Supplier Finance Arrangements1
       Amendments to IAS 21                           Lack of Exchangeability2

       1
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
       2
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
       3
             No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


       Further information about those IFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described
       below.

       Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and
       in IAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint
       venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream
       transaction when the sale or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving
       assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the
       investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint
       venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of
       amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 was removed by the IASB. However, the amendments are available
       for adoption now.

       Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability
       arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of
       the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods
       beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback
       transactions entered into after the date of initial application of IFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January 2019). Earlier
       application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the
       Group’s financial statements.

                                                                                         Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.   111
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.3 Issued but not yet effective international financial reporting standards (Continued)
                The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current,
                including what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the
                reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its
                right to defer settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity
                instruments, and that only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an
                equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further
                clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an
                entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or
                non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities that are subject to the entity
                complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period. The amendments shall be
                applied retrospectively with early application permitted. An entity that applies the 2020 Amendments
                early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa. The Group is currently
                assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan agreements may require revision.
                Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on
                the Group’s financial statements.

                Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require
                additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are
                intended to assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance
                arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. Earlier application of the
                amendments is permitted. The amendments provide certain transition reliefs regarding comparative
                information, quantitative information as at the beginning of the annual reporting period and interim
                disclosures. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
                statements.

                Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into
                another currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when
                exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of
                financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application
                is permitted. When applying the amendments, an entity cannot restate comparative information. Any
                cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments shall be recognised as an adjustment to the
                opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount of translation differences accumulated in
                a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of initial application. The amendments
                are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




112   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                  31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies
       Investments in associates
       An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power
       to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint
       control over those policies.

       The Group’s investments in associate is stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the
       Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.

       The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associate is
       included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income,
       respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the
       associate, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated
       statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the
       Group and its associate are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associate, except
       where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising
       from the acquisition of associate is included as part of the Group’s investments in associate.

       Upon loss of significant influence over the associate, the Group measures and recognises any retained
       investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate upon loss of
       significant influence or control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal
       is recognised in profit or loss.

       Business combinations
       Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is
       measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets
       transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
       equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business
       combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair
       value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-
       controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

       When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for
       appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
       circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of
       embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.

       If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
       acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

       Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the
       acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with
       changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is
       not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.




                                                                                Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       113
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
                Fair value measurement
                The Group measures certain financial instruments at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair
                value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based
                on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the
                principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most
                advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be
                accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that
                market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in
                their economic best interest.

                A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
                generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
                market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

                The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient
                data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising
                the use of unobservable inputs.

                All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
                categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
                significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

                Level 1   —      based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

                Level 2    —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                                fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

                Level 3   —     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                                fair value measurement is unobservable

                For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
                determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing
                categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a
                whole) at the end of each reporting period.




114   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                   31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
       Impairment of non-financial assets
       Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required
       (other than inventories, contract assets, deferred tax assets, financial assets, investment properties and
       non-current assets/a disposal group classified as held for sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is
       estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in
       use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset
       does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of
       assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the
       asset belongs.

       An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount.
       In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
       pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
       specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in
       those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

       An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that
       previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an
       indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an
       asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine
       the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would
       have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised
       for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period
       in which it arises.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       115
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
                Related parties
                A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

                (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

                      (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                      (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                      (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

                or

                (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                      (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

                      (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                              subsidiary of the other entity);

                      (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                      (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                              entity;

                      (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                              or an entity related to the Group;

                      (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                      (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                            management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                      (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                             personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




116   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                   31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
       Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
       Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
       depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises
       its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and
       location for its intended use.

       Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as
       repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In
       situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised
       in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and
       equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets
       with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.

       Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant
       and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this
       purpose are as follows:

       Leasehold improvements                                                                    10.00% to 67.00%
       Machinery and equipment                                                                    9.00% to 18.00%
       Office equipment                                                                           9.00% to 30.00%
       Motor vehicles                                                                             9.00% to 18.00%
       Buildings                                                                                   4.50% to 9.00%

       Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item
       is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual
       values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at
       each financial year end.

       An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is
       derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.
       Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is
       derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant
       asset.

       Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is
       reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for
       use.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       117
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
                Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
                Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible
                assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of
                intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are
                subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an
                indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation
                method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

                Software
                Software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its
                estimated useful lives of 3 to 10 years.

                The useful lives of the software were assessed by the Group considering different purposes and usage
                of the software. The useful lives of software varied from 3 to 10 years depending on the management’s
                plan on the usage and upgrade frequency of the respective software.

                Research and development costs
                All research costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

                Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the
                Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be
                available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will
                generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to
                measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure which does
                not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.




118   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                  31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
       Leases
       The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
       contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
       time in exchange for consideration.

       Group as a lessee
       The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
       leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments
       and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

       (a)   Right-of-use assets
             Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the
             underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any
             accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of
             lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised,
             initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less
             any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
             shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

             Land use rights                                                                               50 years
             Plant and buildings                                                                       2 to 3 years
             Machinery                                                                                     10 years

             If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost
             reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life
             of the asset.

       (b)   Lease liabilities
             Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of
             lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments
             (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease
             payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual
             value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option
             reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a
             lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable
             lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the
             period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

             In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate
             at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
             determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect
             the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying
             amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a
             change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an
             index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.




                                                                                Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       119
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
                Leases (Continued)
                Group as a lessee (Continued)
                (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                      The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery
                      and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
                      commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition
                      exemption for leases of low-value assets to leases of office equipment and laptop computers that
                      are considered to be of low value.

                      Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an
                      expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

                Investments and other financial assets
                Initial recognition and measurement
                Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair
                value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

                The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual
                cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of
                trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has
                applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the
                Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair
                value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant
                financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
                transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue
                recognition” below.

                In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
                comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI
                are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

                The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets
                in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from
                collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and
                measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets
                in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value
                through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding
                to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
                aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

                Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
                established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the
                date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.




120   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                    31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
       Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
       Subsequent measurement
       The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

       Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
       Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and
       are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is
       derecognised, modified or impaired.

       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair
       value with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

       This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not
       irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity
       investments are also recognised as other income in profit or loss when the right of payment has been
       established.

       A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated
       from the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are
       not closely related to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative
       would meet the definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through
       profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in
       profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that
       significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial
       asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.

       A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
       separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in
       its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.        121
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
                Derecognition of financial assets
                A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
                assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
                position) when:

                •    the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

                •    the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
                     obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
                     “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and
                     rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks
                     and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

                When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
                through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership
                of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
                asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the
                extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated
                liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights
                and obligations that the Group has retained.

                Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
                lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the
                Group could be required to repay.




122   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                   31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
       Impairment of financial assets
       The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held
       at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows
       due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted
       at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows
       from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

       General approach
       ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
       increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default
       events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for
       which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is
       required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of
       the default (a lifetime ECL).

       At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
       increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the
       risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
       occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and
       supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-
       looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when
       contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

       The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 30 days past due.
       However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or
       external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in
       full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off
       when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

       Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are
       classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract
       assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

       Stage 1    —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                        recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                        12-month ECLs

       Stage 2    —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                        recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss
                        allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

       Stage 3    —     Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased
                        or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
                        equal to lifetime ECLs




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       123
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
                Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                Simplified approach
                For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies
                the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies
                the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track
                changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting
                date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience,
                adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

                Financial liabilities
                Initial recognition and measurement
                Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an
                effective hedge, as appropriate.

                All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
                payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

                The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables and interest-bearing bank and other
                borrowings.

                Subsequent measurement
                The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

                Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)
                After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently
                measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting
                would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or
                loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation
                process.

                Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or
                costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is
                included in finance costs in profit or loss.

                Derecognition of financial liabilities
                A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
                expires.

                When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
                terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is
                treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference
                between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.




124   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                  31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
       Offsetting of financial instruments
       Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of
       financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there
       is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

       Shares held for restricted share unit schemes
       Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (shares held for
       restricted share unit schemes) are recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in
       profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.

       Inventories
       Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted
       average basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct
       labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling
       prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.

       Cash and cash equivalents
       Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks,
       and short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily
       convertible into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for
       the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.

       For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash
       on hand and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are
       repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

       Provisions
       A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a
       past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation,
       provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

       When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at
       the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation.
       The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in
       finance costs in profit or loss.




                                                                                Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       125
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
                Income tax
                Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or
                loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

                Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to
                the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
                enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices
                prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

                Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the
                reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial
                reporting purposes.

                Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

                •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in
                      a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither
                      the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and
                      deductible temporary differences; and

                •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates
                      and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled
                      and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
                unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is
                probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the
                carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

                •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
                      recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the
                      time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not
                      give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

                •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                      associates and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is
                      probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will
                      be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

                The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced
                to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part
                of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of
                each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient
                taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.




126   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                     31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
       Income tax (Continued)
       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period
       when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been
       enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

       Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable
       right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax
       liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or
       different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to
       realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant
       amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

       Government grants
       Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant
       will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense
       item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is
       intended to compensate, are expensed.

       Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is
       released to profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments or
       deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to profit or loss by way of a reduced
       depreciation charge.

       Revenue recognition
       Revenue from contracts with customers
       Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to
       the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in
       exchange for those goods or services.

       When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
       estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the
       customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly
       probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not
       occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

       (a)   Revenue from license income
             The Group generated revenue from licenses of its intellectual property (“IP”) to customers. The
             licenses are either sold separately or bundled together with supply of goods and technical
             supports. Customers would use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, manufacture and
             commercialise those IP and would bear the costs of development, manufacturing and
             commercialisation. The Group was entitled to consideration of upfront payments, future clinical
             development milestone payments and sales milestone payments. Upfront payments and future
             clinical development milestone payments were fixed and became receivable upon each milestone,
             i.e. grant of IP or achievement of development specified in the license contract. Sales milestone
             payments were based on future sales of the relevant products by customers.

             At contract inception, the Group assesses the goods or services promised within each contract
             and determines those that are performance obligations, and assesses whether each promised
             good or service is distinct. And the transaction price is allocated based on the relative stand-alone
             selling prices of the performance obligations.



                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.        127
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
                Revenue recognition (Continued)
                Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                (a)   Revenue from license income (Continued)
                      At the inception of each license contract, the Group evaluates whether the upfront payments and
                      future clinical development milestone payments are considered probable of being achieved and
                      estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method.
                      If it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would not occur, the associated
                      milestone value is included in the transaction price. Upfront payments and future clinical
                      development milestone payments that are not within the control of the Group are not considered
                      probable of being achieved until those milestones are achieved. At the end of each subsequent
                      reporting period, the Group re-evaluates the probability of achievement of all milestones subject to
                      constraint and, if necessary, adjusts its estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such
                      adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catchup basis, which would affect revenues and
                      earnings in the period of adjustment.

                      For the license contracts in which the Group will not undertake any activities that significantly affect
                      the IP, the customer gets a right to use the IP when the licence is granted. The Group recognises
                      revenue at the amount estimated as above when the customer obtains the right to use the IP.

                      The portion of the transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations satisfied at a point
                      in time is recognised as revenue when control of the goods or services is transferred to the
                      counterparty. If the performance obligation is satisfied over time, the portion of the transaction price
                      allocated to that performance obligation is recognised as revenue as the performance obligation is
                      satisfied. The Group adopts an appropriate method of measuring progress for the purpose of
                      recognising revenue. The Group evaluates the measure of progress at the end of each reporting
                      period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related revenue recognition.

                      Sales milestone payments are regarded as sales-based royalties and recognised as revenue only
                      when the subsequent sale of relevant product by customer occurs.

                (b)   Sale of products
                      Revenue from the sale of products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
                      transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the products. Some contracts for the sale of
                      products provide customers with sales rebates, giving rise to variable consideration.

                      The consideration paid or payable to a customer is treated as a reduction of the transaction price
                      and, therefore, of revenue unless the payment to the customer is in exchange for a distinct good or
                      service that the customer transfers to the Group. Accordingly, if the consideration payable to a
                      customer is accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price, the Group recognises the
                      reduction of revenue when (or as) the later of either of the following events occurs: (a) the Group
                      recognises revenue for the transfer of the related goods or services to the customers; and (b) the
                      Group pays promises to pay the consideration (even if the payment is conditional on a future
                      event). That promise might be implied by the Group’s customary business practices.




128   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                  31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
       Revenue recognition (Continued)
       Other income from provision of services
       The Group recognises income from provision of services only when it satisfies a performance obligation
       by transferring control of the promised services. The transfer of control can occur over time or at a point
       in time. A performance obligation is satisfied over time if it meets one of the following criteria.

       •    The counterparty simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
            performance as the Group performs.

       •    The Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the counterparty controls as the asset
            is created or enhanced.

       The Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group
       has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

       The portion of the transaction price that is allocated to services satisfied at a point in time is recognised
       as income when control of the services transfers to the counterparty. If the services are satisfied over
       time, the portion of the transaction price allocated to that services is recognised as income as the
       services are satisfied. The Group adopts an appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of
       recognising income from provision of services. The Group evaluates the measure of progress at the end
       of each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related income
       recognised.

       Interest income
       Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the
       rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial
       instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

       Contract liabilities
       A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier)
       from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are
       recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related
       goods or services to the customer).




                                                                                Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       129
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
                Share-based payments
                The Company operates a share option scheme. Employees (including directors) of the Group receive
                remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for
                equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled transactions with
                employees for grants is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted.
                The fair value is determined by an external valuer using an option pricing model, further details of which
                are given in note 29 to the financial statements.

                The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a
                corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are
                fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting
                period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s
                best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to profit or
                loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning
                and end of that period.

                Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant
                date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the
                Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance
                conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but
                without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting
                conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award
                unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.

                For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have
                not been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the
                transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is
                satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

                Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if
                the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is
                recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is
                otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification. Where an equity-settled
                award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet
                recognised for the award is recognised immediately.




130   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                  31 December 2023


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
       Other employee benefits
       Pension scheme
       The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Chinese Mainland are required to participate
       in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries operating in
       Chinese Mainland are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central
       pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance
       with the rules of the central pension scheme.

       The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the
       “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees in
       Hong Kong. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are
       charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The
       assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered
       fund. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF
       Scheme.

       Borrowing costs
       Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
       i.e., assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
       are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases
       when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are
       expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs
       that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

       Dividends
       Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
       meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. Interim
       dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and
       articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim
       dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.




                                                                                Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       131
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.4 Material accounting policies (Continued)
                Foreign currencies
                The financial statements is presented in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional
                currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional
                currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using
                their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and
                liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange
                ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary
                items are recognised in profit or loss.

                Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
                using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair
                value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was
                measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated
                in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation
                difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or
                profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

                In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
                derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the
                date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or
                non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts
                in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance
                consideration.

                The functional currencies of the Company and certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than
                RMB. The functional currency of the Company is the United States Dollar. As at the end of the reporting
                period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing
                at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the
                exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

                The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
                the exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-
                controlling interests. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to
                that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

                For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
                translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash
                flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted
                average exchange rates for the year.




132   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                    31 December 2023


3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
  The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
  assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
  accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions
  and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the
  assets or liabilities affected in the future.

  Judgements
  In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements,
  apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the
  financial statements:

  Recognition of revenue from customers
  The Group identifies the performance obligations within the agreement and evaluates which performance
  obligations are distinct, which requires the use of judgement. In determining the performance obligations from
  licenses of IP, the Group has determined that the license and other deliverables are capable of being distinct.
  The license is separately identifiable in the contract and will be granted at contract inception. The license is
  not an input that will be integrated with the service which represents a combined output. In addition, the
  license and other deliverables are not highly interdependent or highly interrelated, because the delivery of the
  license is not dependent on the service to be provided in the future, accordingly, it is not interdependent or
  interrelated with the service. Consequently, the Group has allocated a portion of the transaction price to
  license and other deliverables based on relative standalone selling prices.

  In determining the timing of recognition of revenue from licenses of IP, the Group must use judgement to
  determine the nature of its promise in granting a licence. The Group’s promise is to provide a right to access
  the IP if all of the following criteria are met: (a) the contract requires, or the customer reasonably expects, that
  the Group will undertake activities that significantly affect the IP to which the customer has rights; (b) the rights
  granted by the licence directly expose the customer to any positive or negative effects of the Group’s activities
  identified in (a); and (c) those activities do not result in the transfer of a good or a service to the customer as
  those activities occur. If the licensed IP does not have those characteristics, the license contract provides a
  right to use this IP. Based on the nature of the license contracts, the Group considered that it would not
  undertake any activities that significantly affect the IP thus concluded that all the license contracts during the
  reporting period provided customer a right to use the IP.

  At the inception of each license contract and the end of each subsequent reporting period, the Group
  evaluates whether the future clinical development milestone payments are considered probable of being
  achieved and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount
  method. If it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would not occur, the associated
  milestone value is included in the transaction price. The Group evaluates factors such as the scientific, clinical,
  regulatory, commercial, and other risks that must be overcome to achieve the particular milestone of
  development in making this assessment. There is considerable judgement involved in determining whether it is
  probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would not occur. During the reporting period, the
  Group considered the nature of the milestone of development and concluded that future clinical development
  milestone payments were not within the control of the Group thus were not considered probable of being
  achieved until those milestones were achieved.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       133
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
           Impairment of non-financial assets
           The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the end of
           each of the reporting period. Non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the
           carrying amounts may not be recoverable. There is certain judgements involved in determining whether
           indicators of impairment exist.

           Consolidation of entities in which the Group holds less than a majority of voting rights
           CTTQ-Akeso was established in Chinese Mainland on 30 August 2019 with 50% of equity shares held by the
           Group and 50% by a third party respectively. The Group considers that it controls CTTQ-Akeso even though it
           owns only 50% of the voting rights. This is because the Group has the practical right to appoint the majority
           members of the board of directors of CTTQ-Akeso, and therefore, the directors of the Company concluded that
           the Group has the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of CTTQ-Akeso.

           Estimation uncertainty
           The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
           reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
           and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

           Stand-alone selling prices of the license, supply of goods and technical supports
           The Group has a contract which provides the license together with supply of goods and technical supports to
           a customer. As part of the accounting for this arrangement, the Group will develop assumptions that require
           estimation to determine the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation identified in the contract.
           In developing the stand-alone selling price for a performance obligation, the Group considers the fair value of
           each performance obligation, and the fair value is determined using the valuation techniques (expected cost
           plus a margin approach or income approach) that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
           sufficient data are available to measure fair value, the key assumptions include the discount rates, royalty rates
           and the cost mark-up rates. The consideration allocated to each performance obligation is limited to the
           consideration that is not constrained.

           Recognition of income taxes and deferred tax assets
           Determining income tax provision involves judgment on the future tax treatment of certain transactions and
           when certain matters relating to the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureau.
           Management evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax
           treatments of such transactions are reconsidered periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislation.
           Deferred tax assets are recognised in respect of deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses. As
           those deferred tax assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will
           be available against which the deductible temporary differences and the losses can be utilised, management’s
           judgment is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits. Management’s assessment is revised
           as necessary and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it becomes probable that future taxable
           profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered. Further details are included in note 10 to the financial
           statements.

           Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment
           In determining the useful life and residual value of an item of property, plant and equipment, the Group has to
           consider various factors, such as technical or commercial obsolescence arising from changes or
           improvements in production, or from a change in the market demand for the product or service output of the
           asset, expected us age of the asset, expected physical wear and tear, the care and maintenance of the asset,
           and legal or similar limits on the use of the asset. The estimation of the useful life of the asset is based on the
           experience of the Group with similar assets that are used in a similar way. The depreciation amount will be
           adjusted if the estimated useful life and/or the residual value of an item of property, plant and equipment are
           different from the previous estimation. Useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each financial year end
           date based on changes in circumstances. Further details are included in note 2.4 to the financial statements.

134   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                   31 December 2023


3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
   Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
   Write-down of inventories to net realisable value
   Write-down of inventories to net realisable value is made for those identified obsolete and slow-moving
   inventories and inventories with a carrying amount higher than net realisable value. The assessment of the
   provision required involves management’s judgement and estimates on which are influenced by assumptions
   concerning future sales and usage and judgements in determining the appropriate level of inventory provisions
   against identified surplus or obsolete items. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from
   the original estimate, such differences will have impact on the carrying amounts of inventories and the write-
   down of inventories in the period in which such estimate has been changed. Further details are included in
   note 6 to the financial statements.

   Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables
   The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and contract assets. The provision
   rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns
   (i.e., by geography, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms
   of credit insurance).

   The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate
   the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if
   forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate over the next year
   which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are
   adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the
   forward-looking estimates are analysed.

   The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and
   ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
   economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may
   also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
   Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

   Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
   The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental
   borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to
   pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a
   similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the
   Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for
   subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms
   and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The
   Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is
   required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).

   Fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
   Certain financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, respectively.

   Fair value of financial assets, i.e. investments in financial products and unlisted investment, in the absence of
   an active market, is estimated by using appropriate valuation techniques. Such valuations are based on
   certain assumptions about future cash flows, volatility and liquidity risks associated with the instruments, which
   are subject to uncertainty and might materially differ from the actual results. The balance of fair value of
   financial assets at fair value through profit or loss at 31 December 2023 was RMB864,470,000 (2022:
   RMB205,912,000). Further details are included in note 21 to the financial statements.

                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      135
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      4. REVENUE AND OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
           Revenue
           An analysis of revenue is as follows:

           Revenue from contracts with customers
           (a)   Disaggregated revenue information
                                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


                 Types of goods or services
                   Product sales                                                               1,631,111          1,104,385
                   License income                                                              2,922,775              3,920


                   Total sales from products and licence                                       4,553,886          1,108,305
                   Less: Distribution cost relevant to the product sales                         (27,633)          (270,649)


                   Revenue                                                                     4,526,253            837,656


                 Timing of revenue recognition
                   Transferred at a point in time                                              4,526,253            837,656


                 Distribution cost is relevant to the product sales, and it represents the distribution fee paid or payable by
                 the Group to customers.

                 Details of contract liabilities as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


                 Short-term advances received from customers
                   (included in other payables and accruals)
                   Sales of products                                                                4,427             5,959

                 Long-term advances received from customers
                   Sales of products                                                             631,651                   –


                                                                                                 636,078              5,959


                 Contract liabilities include long-term advances received to supply clinical and commercial licensed
                 compounds and/or licensed products.




136   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                 31 December 2023


4. REVENUE AND OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
   Revenue (Continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
   (a)   Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
         The following table shows the amount in the current reporting period of revenue recognised that was
         included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from
         performance obligations satisfied in previous periods:

                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


         Product sales                                                                   5,959              1,234


   (b) Performance obligations
         Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

         Revenue from license income
         The performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time when the customer obtains the rights to the
         underlying technology. For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone
         payments based on the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which
         the royalties relate, the Company recognises revenue at a point in time when the related sales occur.

         Sale of products
         The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the products and payment is generally due
         within 1 year from delivery. Some contracts provide customers with sales rebates which give rise to
         variable consideration subject to constraint.

   Other segment information
   The Group is engaged in research, development, production and sale of biological products, which is
   regarded as a single reportable segment in a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported
   internally to the Group’s senior management for purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.
   Therefore, no analysis by operating segment is presented.

   Geographical information
   (a)   Revenue from external customers


                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


         Chinese Mainland                                                    1,593,541            837,656
         USA                                                                 2,931,509                  –
         Others                                                                  1,203                  –


                                                                             4,526,253            837,656


         The revenue geographical information above is based on the locations of the customers.


                                                                              Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      137
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      4. REVENUE AND OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Other segment information (Continued)
           Geographical information (Continued)
           (b) Non-current assets
                                                                                                                    2023                 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000


                Chinese Mainland                                                                                3,198,771             2,426,959
                USA                                                                                               293,475                     –
                Other regions                                                                                          39                   518


                                                                                                                3,492,285             2,427,477


                The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial
                instruments.

           Information about major customers
           Revenue from the customers contributing over 10% of revenue of the Group is as follows:

                                                                                                                    2023                 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000


           Customer A                                                                                           2,931,509                      *
           Customer B                                                                                                   *                118,563


                                                                                                                2,931,509                118,563

           *    The corresponding revenue of the customer is not disclosed as the revenue individually did not account for 10% or more of the Group’s
                revenue for 2023 and 2022.




138   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                                  31 December 2023


5. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, NET
                                                                                                        2023                 2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000


  Bank interest income                                                                                119,733                21,972
  Investment income from financial products                                                            47,952                 5,548
  Government grant released*                                                                          118,320               109,205
  Value-added tax credits                                                                               3,137                20,126
  Service fee income                                                                                   24,674                   752
  Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                   135,887                     –
  Fair value gains on financial products, net                                                           4,154                   556
  Others                                                                                                  323                   454


                                                                                                      454,180               158,613

  *    The government grants mainly represent subsidies received from the local governments for the purpose of compensation for expenses
       arising from research activities and clinical trials, award for new drug development and capital expenditure incurred on certain
       projects.


6. PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX
  The Group’s profit/(loss) before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                        2023                 2022
                                                                                  Notes              RMB’000               RMB’000

  Employee benefit expense (excluding directors’
   remuneration (note 8)):
   Wages and salaries                                                                                 673,364               462,292
   Pension scheme contributions#                                                                      119,464                95,756
   Equity-settled share award expenses                                                                  2,463                41,533
   Equity-settled share option expense                                                                  2,032                     –

                                                                                                      797,323               599,581

  Cost of inventories sold                                                                            133,248                94,117
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                     13                125,323                91,720
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               14                 15,206                11,844
  Amortisation of intangible assets*                                                15                  2,239                 2,225
  Lease payments not included in the measurement
    of lease liabilities                                                            14                  2,554                 1,233
  Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                2,280                 2,200
  Impairment of trade receivables, net**                                            19                    868                   435
  Write-down of inventories to net realisable value**                                                   4,266                 8,997
  Gain upon early termination of a lease****                                                                –                   (30)
  Foreign exchange differences, net***                                                               (135,887)               29,855




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.             139
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      6. PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX (Continued)
           *      Included in “Administrative expenses” in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

           **     Included in “Other expenses, net” in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

           ***    Included in “Other income and gains, net” (2022: “Other expenses, net”) in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other
                  comprehensive income.

           ****   Included in “Other income and gains, net” in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

           #
                  There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.


      7. FINANCE COSTS
           An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


           Finance cost on lease liabilities                                                                               696                    479
           Interest on bank and other borrowings                                                                       125,299                 68,179


           Total interest expense on financial liabilities
             not at fair value through profit or loss                                                                  125,995                 68,658
           Less: Interest capitalised                                                                                  (39,008)               (25,368)


                                                                                                                        86,987                 43,290




140   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                 31 December 2023


8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
  Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section
  383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
  Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


  Fees                                                                                     953               919


  Other emoluments:
    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                           13,590            12,779
    Performance related bonuses                                                          5,423             3,898
    Equity-settled share award expenses                                                 29,755             6,901
    Pension scheme contributions                                                            18                27


                                                                                        48,786            23,605


                                                                                        49,739            24,524


  During the year ended 31 December 2023, a director was granted 1,105,000 restricted share units, in respect
  of his service to the Group, under 2021 Restricted Share Unit Scheme of the Company, further details of which
  are set out in note 29 to the financial statements. The fair value of such restricted share units, which has been
  recognised in profit or loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount
  included in the financial statements for the current year is included in the above directors’ and chief
  executive’s remuneration disclosures.

  (a)    Independent non-executive directors
         The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


         Mr. TAN Bo                                                                        317               302
         Dr. ZENG Junwen                                                                   317               315
         Dr. XU Yan                                                                        319               302


                                                                                           953               919


         There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
         (2022: Nil).




                                                                                Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      141
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)
           (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive
                                                               Salaries,
                                                            allowances     Performance           Equity-        Pension
                                                           and benefits          related   settled share         scheme           Total
                                                   Fees          in kind       bonuses            award    contributions   remuneration
                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


                2023

                Executive directors:
                  Dr. XIA Yu (Chief executive)         –          4,374           2,150               –               –           6,524
                  Dr. LI Baiyong                       –          3,464           1,552               –               –           5,016
                  Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell            –          2,769             827               –               –           3,596
                  Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.)                   –          2,983             894          29,755              18          33,650


                                                       –         13,590           5,423          29,755              18          48,786


                Non-executive directors:
                  Dr. ZHOU Yi                          –              –               –               –               –              –
                  Mr. XIE Ronggang                     –              –               –               –               –              –


                                                       –              –               –               –               –              –


                                                       –         13,590           5,423          29,755              18          48,786


                2022

                Executive directors:
                  Dr. XIA Yu (Chief executive)         –          4,043           1,231               –               –           5,274
                  Dr. LI Baiyong                       –          3,283           1,024               –               9           4,316
                  Dr. WANG Zhongmin Maxwell            –          2,605             789               –               9           3,403
                  Mr. XIA Yu (Ph.D.)                   –          2,848             854           6,901               9          10,612


                                                       –         12,779           3,898           6,901              27          23,605


                Non-executive directors:
                  Dr. ZHOU Yi                          –              –               –               –               –               –
                  Mr. XIE Ronggang                     –              –               –               –               –               –


                                                       –              –               –               –               –               –


                                                       –         12,779           3,898           6,901              27          23,605


                There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
                remuneration during the reporting period.




142   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                               31 December 2023


9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
  The five highest paid employees during the year included three directors (2022: two directors), details of
  whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining two
  (2022: three) highest paid employee who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as
  follows:

                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                           6,563             8,899
  Performance related bonuses                                                         1,044             1,780
  Share-based payment expenses                                                        3,008            13,064
  Pension scheme contributions                                                           65               163


                                                                                     10,680            23,906


  The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
  the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                 Number of employees
                                                                                       2023              2022


  HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                             1                –
  HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                             –                1
  HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                             1                –
  HK$10,000,001 to HK$10,500,000                                                           –                1
  HK$11,500,001 to HK$12,000,000                                                           –                1


                                                                                           2                3




                                                                             Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.     143
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      10. INCOME TAX
           The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in
           which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

           Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the BVI, the Group is not subject to any
           income tax in the Cayman Islands or the BVI.

           The subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong was subject to Hong Kong profits tax at the rate of 16.5% on any
           estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year. No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has
           been made as the Group had no assessable profits derived from or earned in Hong Kong during the year.

           The provision for corporate income tax in Chinese Mainland is based on the statutory rate of 25% of the
           assessable profits in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, which was approved and became
           effective on 1 January 2008, except for Akeso Biopharma Co., Ltd. which was qualified as a High and New
           Technology Enterprise and was subject to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the year.

           The subsidiary incorporated in the USA was subject to United States federal and California income taxes at
           rates of 21% and 8.84%, respectively, for the year. During the years, California income tax was provided at the
           rate of 8.84% during the year on the estimated assessable profits arising in the USA.

           The subsidiary incorporated in the Australia is subject to Australia income tax. Australia corporate income tax
           has been provided at the rate of 30% on the estimated assessable profits arising in Australia.

           The income tax expense of the Group is analysed as follows:

                                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


           Current
            Charge for the year                                                                      –                  –
           Deferred                                                                                174                  –


           Total tax charge for the year                                                           174                  –




144   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                                         31 December 2023


10. INCOME TAX (Continued)
   A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit/(loss) before tax at the statutory rate for the jurisdiction
   in which the Group’s major operating activities are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rate is as
   follows:

   2023

                                                                                     Chinese
                                                                                    Mainland                Others                 Total
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000


   Profit before tax                                                                1,617,866               324,659             1,942,525


   Tax at the statutory tax rate                                                      404,467               106,488                510,955
   Lower tax rates enacted by local authority                                        (206,171)                    –               (206,171)
   Effect of research and development expenses
     that are additionally deducted (note)                                           (217,845)               (21,904)             (239,749)
   Income not subject to tax                                                         (150,176)               (43,254)             (193,430)
   Expenses not deductible for tax                                                     74,137                 39,745               113,882
   Tax losses utilised from previous periods                                          (91,611)               (83,082)             (174,693)
   Unrecognised deductible temporary
     differences and tax losses                                                       187,373                  2,007              189,380


   Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                                174                       –                  174


   2022

                                                                                    Mainland
                                                                                      China                 Others                  Total
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000


   Loss before tax                                                                 (1,195,880)             (226,336)           (1,422,216)


   Tax at the statutory tax rate                                                     (298,970)               (47,144)             (346,114)
   Lower tax rates enacted by local authority                                           1,233                      –                 1,233
   Effect of research and development expenses
     that are additionally deducted (note)                                           (205,541)                     –              (205,541)
   Income not subject to tax                                                                –                (19,829)              (19,829)
   Expenses not deductible for tax                                                     83,159                 32,741               115,900
   Unrecognised deductible temporary
     differences and tax losses                                                       420,119                 34,232              454,351


   Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                                    –                     –                     –

   Note: Pursuant to Caishui [2022] circular No. 28, certain subsidiaries of the Group enjoyed the super tax deduction in 100% of 2023 (2022:
         75% for the first three quarters of 2022 and 100% for the fourth quarter of 2022), respectively for qualified research and development
         expenditures.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.              145
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      10. INCOME TAX (Continued)
           The Group has tax losses in Chinese Mainland of RMB4,809,567,000 (2022: RMB5,137,145,000) that will
           expire in one to ten years for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses
           arose. The Group also has tax losses in the USA and Australia of RMB171,196,000 (2022: RMB466,710,000) in
           aggregate that will be carried forward indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies
           in which the losses arose. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as they
           have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that
           taxable profits in foreseeable future will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

      11. DIVIDEND
           No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023 and
           subsequent to the end of the reporting period (2022: Nil).

      12. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
          HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
           The calculation of the basic earnings/(loss) per share amounts is based on the profit/(loss) for the year
           attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of
           837,683,779 (2022: 824,989,858) in issue during the year.

           The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in
           issue during the year, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number
           of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of
           all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

           The calculations of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share are based on:

                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


           Earnings/(Loss)
           Profit/(Loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
             used in the basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share calculations              2,028,300        (1,168,393)


                                                                                                 Number of shares
                                                                                                    2023              2022


           Shares
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
             used in the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation                        837,683,779       824,989,858
           Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares:
             Share options and awarded shares                                                    137,698                  –


                                                                                            837,821,477       824,989,858




146   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                        31 December 2023


13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                Leasehold    Machinery
                                 improve-          and        Office      Motor                  Construction
                                   ments     equipment    equipment     vehicles     Buildings    in progress      Total
                                 RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


  31 December 2023

  At 1 January 2023:
    Cost                           18,524      691,334       14,821        2,721      645,989         788,033    2,161,422
    Accumulated depreciation      (10,059)    (110,908)      (5,284)        (970)     (34,585)              –     (161,806)


    Net carrying amount             8,465      580,426         9,537       1,751      611,404         788,033    1,999,616


  At 1 January 2023, net of
     accumulated depreciation       8,465      580,426         9,537       1,751      611,404         788,033    1,999,616
  Additions                             –        6,125         4,469         193            –         899,904      910,691
  Interest capitalised                  –            –             –           –            –          39,008       39,008
  Disposals                             –            –            (2)          –            –               –           (2)
  Depreciation provided
     during the year               (2,798)     (89,016)       (3,016)       (288)     (30,205)              –     (125,323)
  Transfers                           185      151,007         6,781         487      198,502        (356,962)           –
  Exchange realignment                  –            1            (9)          –            –               –           (8)


  At 31 December 2023, net of
    accumulated depreciation        5,852      648,543       17,760        2,143      779,701       1,369,983    2,823,982


  At 31 December 2023:
    Cost                           18,913      847,048       26,069        3,401      844,491       1,369,983    3,109,905
    Accumulated depreciation      (13,061)    (198,505)      (8,309)      (1,258)     (64,790)              –     (285,923)


    Net carrying amount             5,852      648,543       17,760        2,143      779,701       1,369,983    2,823,982




                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.          147
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
                                         Leasehold    Machinery
                                          improve-          and        Office       Motor                Construction
                                             ments    equipment    equipment      vehicles   Buildings    in progress      Total
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000    RMB’000


           31 December 2022

           At 1 January 2022:
             Cost                           16,075      405,332       12,016        2,522     391,085        611,768    1,438,798
             Accumulated depreciation       (5,302)     (63,768)      (3,128)        (714)    (12,973)             –      (85,885)


             Net carrying amount            10,773      341,564        8,888        1,808     378,112        611,768    1,352,913


           At 1 January 2022, net of
              accumulated depreciation      10,773      341,564        8,888        1,808     378,112        611,768    1,352,913
           Additions                         2,653       10,462        2,799          199           –        696,940      713,053
           Interest capitalised                  –            –            –            –           –         25,368       25,368
           Disposals                             –            –           (6)           –           –              –           (6)
           Depreciation provided
              during the year               (4,961)     (60,741)       (2,371)       (256)    (23,391)             –      (91,720)
           Transfers                             –      289,135           225           –     256,683       (546,043)           –
           Exchange realignment                  –            6             2           –           –              –            8


           At 31 December 2022, net of
             accumulated depreciation        8,465      580,426        9,537        1,751     611,404        788,033    1,999,616


           At 31 December 2022:
             Cost                           18,524      691,334       14,821        2,721     645,989        788,033    2,161,422
             Accumulated depreciation      (10,059)    (110,908)      (5,284)        (970)    (34,585)             –     (161,806)


             Net carrying amount             8,465      580,426        9,537        1,751     611,404        788,033    1,999,616


           The Group’s buildings with a net carrying amount of RMB643,933,000 (2022: RMB379,790,000) were pledged
           to secure banking facilities and bank loans (note 25(a)).




148   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                               31 December 2023


14. LEASES
   The Group as a lessee
   The Group has lease contracts for various items of plant and buildings, machinery and land use rights with
   lease terms of 2 to 50 years used in its operations. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and
   subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.

   (a) Right-of-use assets
        The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as
        follows:

                                                   Plant and                      Land use
                                                   buildings     Machinery           rights            Total
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


        At 1 January 2022                              7,894           1,399        142,434           151,727
        Additions                                     11,008               –         12,531            23,539
        Depreciation charge                           (7,720)         (1,057)        (3,067)          (11,844)
        Remeasurement resulting from
          early termination of a lease                  (451)              –               –             (451)
        Exchange realignment                             103               –               –              103


        At 31 December 2022 and
          1 January 2023                              10,834             342        151,898           163,074
        Additions                                     22,636               –        167,532           190,168
        Depreciation charge                          (10,934)           (339)        (3,933)          (15,206)
        Exchange realignment                               6               –              –                 6


        At 31 December 2023                           22,542               3        315,497           338,042


        At 31 December 2023, the Group’s land used rights with a net carrying amount of approximately
        RMB149,337,000 (2022: RMB139,430,000) were pledged to secure banking facilities and bank loans
        (note 25(a)).




                                                                            Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      149
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      14. LEASES (Continued)
           The Group as a lessee (Continued)
           (b) Lease liabilities
                The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                    2023            2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


                Carrying amount at 1 January                                                        11,852         10,091
                New leases                                                                          22,636         11,008
                Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                       696            479
                Payments                                                                           (12,080)        (9,358)
                Remeasurement resulting from early termination of a lease                                –           (481)
                Exchange realignment                                                                    15            113


                Carrying amount at 31 December                                                      23,119         11,852


                Analysed into:
                  Current portion                                                                   14,514          5,898
                  Non-current portion                                                                8,605          5,954


                                                                                                    23,119         11,852


                The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 38 to the financial statements.

                The Group applied the practical expedient to all eligible covid-19-related rent concessions granted by
                the lessors during the year ended 31 December 2022.

           (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:
                                                                                                    2023            2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


                Finance cost on lease liabilities                                                      696            479
                Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                          15,206         11,844
                Expense relating to short-term leases                                                2,554          1,233


                Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                           18,456         13,556




150   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                             Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                31 December 2023


15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                      Software
                                                                                      RMB’000


   31 December 2023

   Cost at 1 January 2023, net of accumulated amortisation                                8,496
   Additions                                                                                160
   Amortisation provided during the year                                                 (2,239)


   At 31 December 2023                                                                    6,417


   At 31 December 2023:
     Cost                                                                                12,753
     Accumulated amortisation                                                            (6,336)


     Net carrying amount                                                                  6,417


   31 December 2022

   Cost at 1 January 2022, net of accumulated amortisation                                3,980
   Additions                                                                              6,741
   Amortisation provided during the year                                                 (2,225)


   At 31 December 2022                                                                    8,496


   At 31 December 2022:
     Cost                                                                                12,593
     Accumulated amortisation                                                            (4,097)


     Net carrying amount                                                                  8,496




                                                                 Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.   151
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      16. LONG-TERM EQUITY INVESTMENT
                                                                                                    2023       2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000


           Long-term equity investment                                                           293,441           –


           As of 31 December 2023, the Company held 31,523,530 shares of Summit Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq symbol:
           SMMT, “Summit”), representing 4.52% of the total issued shares of Summit. During the year ended 31
           December 2023, Dr. Xia was appointed as a director of Summit. The Group’s investment in Summit is
           accounted for under the equity method of accounting because the Group has significant influence over
           Summit by way of representation on Summit’s board of directors.

           The Group’s shareholding in the associate comprises equity shares held by the Company.

           The following table illustrates the financial information of the Group’s associate:

                                                                                                    2023       2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000


           Share of loss of a long-term equity investment                                        (191,722)         –


      17. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                    2023       2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000


           Advance payments for property, plant and equipment                                     16,205     247,549
           Advance payments for land use rights                                                        –       7,584
           Others                                                                                 14,198       1,158


                                                                                                  30,403     256,291




152   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                               31 December 2023


18. INVENTORIES
                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


   Raw materials                                                                    214,399           171,476
   Work in progress                                                                 138,349           126,222
   Finished goods                                                                    39,120            44,134


                                                                                    391,868           341,832


19. TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


   Trade receivables                                                                296,896           271,511
   Impairment                                                                        (1,333)             (465)


                                                                                    295,563           271,046


   The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally 45 days to
   270 days. Each customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its
   outstanding receivables to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior
   management. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

   Included in the Group’s trade receivables is a gross amount due from a non-controlling shareholder of the
   Group of RMB33,093,000 (2022: RMB245,928,000), which is repayable on credit terms similar to those offered
   to the other customers of the Group.

   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date
   and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


   Within 3 months                                                                  295,364            36,496
   3 to 6 months                                                                         70            91,508
   6 to 9 months                                                                        129           143,042


                                                                                    295,563           271,046




                                                                             Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.     153
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      19. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
           The movement in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                    2023         2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000


           At beginning of year                                                                      465            30
           Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                                           868           435


           At end of year                                                                          1,333           465


           An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
           credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
           with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money
           and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current
           conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

           Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
           provision matrix:

           As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                  Past due
                                                                     Less than        3 to 6            Over
                                                        Current       3 month        months         6 months       Total


           Expected credit loss rate                     0.45%              –                –             –     0.45%
           Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)              296,896             –                –             –    296,896
           Expected credit losses (RMB’000)               1,333             –                –             –      1,333


           As at 31 December 2022

                                                                                  Past due
                                                                     Less than        3 to 6            Over
                                                         Current      3 month        months         6 months       Total


           Expected credit loss rate                     0.17%               –               –             –     0.17%
           Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)              271,511              –               –             –    271,511
           Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                 465              –               –             –        465




154   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                   31 December 2023


20. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


  Value-added tax recoverable                                                             52,340           118,972
  Prepayments                                                                             25,672            32,907
  Deposits                                                                                 2,868             2,818
  Other receivables                                                                       14,038             2,502


                                                                                          94,918           157,199


  The balances are interest-free and are not secured with collateral.

  The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables to minimise credit risk. Long ageing
  balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the fact that the Group’s deposits and other
  receivables relate to a large number of diversified counterparties, there is no significant concentration of credit
  risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its deposits and other
  receivable balances.

  Other receivables and deposits had no historical default, the financial assets included in the above balances
  were categorised in stage 1 at the end of each year. In calculating the expected credit loss rate, the Group
  considers the historical loss rate and adjusts for forward-looking macroeconomic data. During the years ended
  31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group estimated that the expected loss rate for other receivables and
  deposits was minimal.

21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


  Current
  Investments in financial products, at fair value (note (a))                           852,431            195,912


  Non-current
  Unlisted investment, at fair value (note (b))                                           12,039            10,000


                                                                                        864,470            205,912


  (a)   Investments in financial products, at fair value
        The investments as at 31 December 2023 represented investments in financial products which were
        issued by banks with expected interest rates ranging from 2.96% to 5.90% per annum. The returns on all
        of these financial products were not guaranteed. The fair values of the investments approximated to their
        costs plus expected interest.

  (b) Unlisted investment, at fair value
        The unlisted investment was classified as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss as the Group
        has not elected to recognise the fair value gain of loss through other comprehensive income.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       155
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      22. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS
                                                                                                                         2023       2022
                                                                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000


           Cash and bank balances                                                                                    1,118,163    1,875,198
           Time deposits                                                                                             2,923,823      217,284


                                                                                                                     4,041,986    2,092,482
           Less:       Pledged time deposits:
                       Restricted cash*                                                                                (11,743)         (94)
                       Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                               (2,487,930)           –


           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 1,542,313    2,092,388


           Denominated in:
           RMB                                                                                                       1,134,411    1,618,035
           US$                                                                                                         393,718      461,450
           HK$                                                                                                           2,384        3,362
           A$                                                                                                           11,800        9,541


           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 1,542,313    2,092,388

           *       The restricted cash represents a guarantee deposit for a construction project and a deposit of credit card.


           The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Chinese Mainland’s Foreign Exchange
           Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the
           Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign
           exchange business.

           Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances and time
           deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.




156   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                31 December 2023


23. TRADE PAYABLES
  An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
  follows:

                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


  Within 3 months                                                                     296,890           193,041
  3 to 6 months                                                                         2,428            39,171
  6 months to 1 year                                                                   23,972            13,227
  Over 1 year                                                                          31,538            63,509


                                                                                      354,828           308,948


  The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 to 90 days, excepted for
  the balances due to a non-controlling shareholder of the Group of RMB166,277,000 (2022: RMB101,927,000),
  which are repayable on demand.

24. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


  Payroll payables                                                                    151,069           116,247
  Other tax payables                                                                   41,919            18,179
  Contract liabilities                                                                  4,427             5,959
  Other payables                                                                      246,160           458,793


                                                                                      443,575           599,178


  Other payables are unsecured, non-interest-bearing and normally repayable on demand, except for the
  balances due to a non-controlling shareholder of the Group of RMB237,000 (2022: RMB243,878,000), which
  are repayable within 60 days. The carrying amounts of financial liabilities included in other payables and
  accruals as at the end of each reporting period approximated to their fair values due to their short-term
  maturities.




                                                                               Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      157
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      25. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                           2023                                   2022
                                           Effective                                Effective
                                            interest                                 interest
                                            rate (%)       Maturity    RMB’000      rate (%)      Maturity    RMB’000


           Current
           Bank loans — unsecured          1.60~3.95          2024      288,255    4.00~4.30         2023      221,421
           Bank loans — secured                    –             –            –         3.95         2023       10,012
           Current portion of long term
             convertible loans — secured           –              –           –      note (c)      note (c)    180,254
           Current portion of long term
             bank loans — secured          3.90~4.45          2024       70,446    4.35~5.39         2023       24,814
           Current portion of long term
             bank loans — unsecured        3.20~3.80          2024       31,812    3.80~4.40         2023        9,478


                                                                        390,513                                445,979


           Non-current
           Bank loans — secured            3.90~4.45     2027~2035     1,853,803   4.35~5.39    2024~2035     1,273,708
           Bank loans — unsecured          3.20~3.80     2025~2026       123,919   3.80~4.40    2024~2025        95,745
           Convertible loans — secured        note (c)      note (c)     477,367           –            –             –
           Loans from a non-controlling
             shareholder — unsecured            3.50     2026~2028      122,181         3.50         2026       51,825


                                                                       2,577,270                              1,421,278


                                                                       2,967,783                              1,867,257




158   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                                            31 December 2023


25. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)
                                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


   Analysed into:
     Bank loans repayable:
       Within one year or on demand                                                                            390,513                265,725
       In the second year                                                                                      113,605                 64,037
       In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                                  528,271                 31,708
       Beyond five years                                                                                     1,335,846              1,273,708


                                                                                                             2,368,235              1,635,178


   Other borrowings repayable:
     Within one year or on demand                                                                                     –               180,254
     In the second year                                                                                               –                     –
     In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                                     599,548                51,825


                                                                                                                599,548               232,079


                                                                                                             2,967,783              1,867,257

   Notes:

   (a)      The Group’s banking facilities amounted to RMB3,730,000,000 (31 December 2022: RMB3,100,000,000) in aggregate, among which
            facilities of RMB3,580,000,000 (31 December 2022: RMB2,893,610,000) were secured by the property, plant and equipment and land
            use rights of the Group with net carrying values of approximately RMB643,933,000 and RMB149,337,000, respectively (31 December
            2022: RMB379,790,000 and RMB139,430,000, respectively) at the end of the reporting period. Such banking facilities of approximately
            RMB2,160,138,000 (31 December 2022: RMB1,542,042,000) have been utilised as at the end of the reporting period.

   (b)      Among the Group’s banking facilities mentioned in note (a), facilities of RMB1,480,000,000 (31 December 2022: RMB1,130,000,000)
            were also secured by the equity interest in certain subsidiaries held by the Group. Such banking facilities of approximately
            RMB1,348,253,000 (31 December 2022: RMB864,023,000) have been utilised as at the end of the reporting period.

   (c)      A subsidiary of the Group has entered into convertible loan agreements with its non-controlling shareholder and borrowed convertible
            loans from its non-controlling shareholder since 2019. The subsidiary borrowed convertible loans of aggregate amounts of
            RMB75,000,000 in 2019, RMB75,000,000 in 2020 and RMB450,000,000 in 2023, respectively. According to the loan agreements, the
            convertible loans bear interest at 6.5% per annum and are secured by the equity interest in the subsidiary held by the Group. The
            convertible loans of RMB150,000,000 has been repaid during 2023. The convertible loans outstanding as at 31 December 2023 was
            RMB450,000,000, which will be due on 31 December 2027. Under the loan agreements, an option (the “Convertible Right”) to convert
            the unpaid principal and the related interest into ordinary shares of the subsidiary will be granted to its non-controlling shareholder
            under certain conditions.


            The fair value of the Convertible Right was assessed to be minimal as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.


   (d)      All borrowings were denominated in RMB as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.               159
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      26. DEFERRED INCOME
                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


           Government grant                                                                       240,031            159,566


           The movements in deferred income for the reporting periods are as follows:

                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


           At beginning of year                                                                    159,566            63,858
             Grants received during the year                                                       198,785           204,913
             Amount released                                                                      (118,320)         (109,205)


           At end of year                                                                         240,031            159,566


           The grants are related to the subsidies received from the government for the purpose of compensation for
           expenses arising from research activities and clinical trials, award for the new drug development and capital
           expenditure incurred on certain projects.

      27. DEFERRED TAX
           The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

           Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                                                   Right-of-
                                                                                                                 use assets


           At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                                          –
           Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year (note 10)                                            3,124


           Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2023                                                          3,124


           Deferred tax assets
                                                                                                              Lease Liability


           At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                                          –
           Deferred tax credited to profit or loss during the year (note 10)                                           3,298


           Gross deferred tax assets at 31 December 2023                                                               3,298


           The Group did not have any deferred tax liabilities and deferred assets as at 31 December 2022.




160   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                   31 December 2023


27. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
   For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of
   financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting
   purposes:

                                                                                            2023              2022


   Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
    statement of financial position                                                          174                  –


   Net deferred tax liabilities in respect of continuing operations                          174                  –


28. SHARE CAPITAL
   Ordinary shares
                                                                                            2023              2022


   Issued and fully paid:
     841,057,176 (2022:841,057,176) ordinary shares of US$0.00001 each                 US$8,411          US$8,411


     Equivalent to                                                                   RMB59,000         RMB59,000




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      161
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      28. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
           A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                                    Shares held
                                                                                                              for
                                                                    Numbers              Share        restricted
                                                                  of ordinary           capital      share unit             Share
                                                                      shares           amount          schemes           premium             Total
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


           At 1 January 2022                                    817,057,176                  57         (51,718)       4,007,049         3,955,388
           Issue of shares (note a)                              24,000,000                   2               –          500,464           500,466
           Share issue expenses (note a)                                  –                   –               –           (5,005)           (5,005)
           Exercise of RSUs (note b)                                      –                   –               –           82,866            82,866
           Shares held for restricted
             share unit schemes (note c)                                     –                –         (32,734)                 –         (32,734)

           At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023               841,057,176                  59         (84,452)       4,585,374         4,500,981
           Exercise of RSUs (note b)                                      –                   –          20,885                –            20,885

           At 31 December 2023                                  841,057,176                  59         (63,567)       4,585,374         4,521,866

           Notes:


           (a)      On 15 July 2022, 24,000,000 new shares were placed at a price of HK$24.27 per share to not less than six independent third parties
                    for an aggregate cash consideration, before expenses, of HK$582,480,000 (equivalent to RMB500,466,000). The related transaction
                    costs amounting to HK$5,825,000 (equivalent to RMB5,005,000) were netted off against the cash proceeds. The net proceeds were
                    intended to be used for the business development of the Group. Details have been set out in the announcements of the Company
                    dated 8 July 2022 and 15 July 2022, respectively.

           (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2023, 901,050 RSUs were exercised (2022: 2,493,950 RSUs).

           (c)      During the year ended 31 December 2022, a trustee purchased 1,741,000 shares on behalf of the Company at a total cash
                    consideration of HK$35,500,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB32,734,000) for the Company’s restricted share unit schemes.




162   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                              31 December 2023


29. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
  Restricted Share Unit Scheme
  The Company adopted a restricted share unit scheme on 29 August 2019 (the “RSU Scheme”). The purpose
  of the RSU Scheme is to recognise and motivate the contributions of the grantees under the RSU Scheme,
  provide incentives for them to remain with the Group, and attract suitable personnel for the further
  development. Eligible participants of the RSU Scheme include employees or officers (including executive, non-
  executive and independent non-executive directors of the Group) as well as other core technical personnel,
  key personnel or other natural persons or entities that were or will be important to the development of the
  Group.

  During the year ended 31 December 2023, no RSUs of the Company were granted to employees.

  The vesting periods of these RSUs ranged from 1 month to 5 years. There is no other performance target
  required except the eligible participant remains as employees of the Group during the vesting period. 282,400
  RSUs have been vested under the RSU Scheme during 2023 (2022: 2,400,450 RSUs). As at 31 December
  2023, the total number of RSUs which remain outstanding under the RSU Scheme was 22,436,691 (2022:
  22,224,691). 296,050 RSUs have been exercised during 2023 (2022: 2,493,950 RSUs). 212,000 RSUs (2022:
  93,800 RSUs) have been forfeited and no RSUs (2022: 1,105,000 RSUs) have been cancelled under the RSU
  Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2023.

  During the year, the Group amortised the difference between the fair value of the share awards and the
  consideration that employees have to pay to the Company over the vesting period and recognised share
  award expenses of approximately RMB1,188,000 (2022: RMB47,326,000).

  2021 Restricted Share Unit Scheme
  The Company adopted a new restricted share unit scheme on 6 December 2021 (the “2021 RSU Scheme”).
  The purpose of the 2021 RSU Scheme is to recognise the contributions of the grantees under the 2021 RSU
  Scheme, and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and
  development of the Group, and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. Eligible
  participants of the 2021 RSU Scheme include employees, advisors or consultants of any member of the Group.
  Details of the 2021 RSU Scheme have been set out in the announcement of the Company dated 7 December
  2021.

  110,000 RSUs (2022: nil) of the Company were granted to employees at a consideration of HK$1.00 for each
  RSU and 1,105,000 RSUs (2022: nil) were granted to a director at a consideration of HK$0.001 for each RSU,
  respectively during the year. The fair value of the share awards is measured at the grant date at the market
  value of the shares. The market values of the RSUs granted during the year were determined by reference to
  the closing prices of listed shares as at the grant dates.

  The vesting periods of these RSUs ranged from 1 month to 5 years. There is no other performance target
  required except the eligible participant remains as employees of the Group during the vesting period. 605,000
  RSUs have been vested under the 2021 RSU Scheme during 2023 (2022: nil). As at 31 December 2023, the
  total number of RSUs which remained outstanding under the 2021 RSU Scheme was 2,291,000 (2022:
  3,506,000). 605,000 RSUs have been exercised during 2023 (2022: nil). No RSUs have been forfeited or and
  cancelled under the 2021 RSU Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2023.

  During the year, the Group amortised the difference between the fair value of the share awards and the
  consideration that employees have to pay to the Company over the vesting period and recognised share
  award expenses of approximately RMB31,078,000 (2022: nil).




                                                                             Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.     163
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      29. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
           Share Option Scheme
           The Company adopted a share option scheme on 28 June 2022 (the “Share Option Scheme”). The purpose
           of the Share Option Scheme is to reward certain eligible participants for their contribution to the success of the
           Company, and to provide incentives to them to further contribute to the Company. Details of the Share Option
           Scheme have been set out in the announcement of the Company dated 2 June 2022.

           There are no cash settlement alternatives. The Group does not have a past practice of cash settlement for
           these share options. The Group accounts for the Share Option Scheme as an equity-settled plan.

           The following share options were outstanding under the Share Option Scheme during the year:

                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                   average exercise                Number
                                                                                              price              of options
                                                                                     HK$ per share                     ’000


           At 1 January                                                                            –                     –
           Granted during the year                                                             35.08                   450


           At 31 December                                                                      35.08                   450


           The share options granted to the grantees have a mixed vesting schedule with a total vesting period ranges
           from approximately 24 months to 48 months, with certain share options to be vested within 12 months of the
           grant date.

           The exercise prices of the share options outstanding at the end of the year was HK35.08 (2022: No share
           options were granted).

           The weighted average remaining contractual life of the share options outstanding as at 31 December 2023
           was 10 years.

           The weighted fair value of the share options granted during the year was HK$10,477,000 (equivalent to
           RMB9,425,000) of which the Group recognised a share option expense of RMB2,032,000 (2022: nil) during the
           year ended 31 December 2023.




164   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                              31 December 2023


29. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   Share Option Scheme (Continued)
   The directors of the Company used the binomial option pricing model to determine the fair value of the share
   options as at the respective grant dates, which is to be expensed over the relevant vesting period. The
   following table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                       2023             2022


   Dividend yield (%)                                                                     –              N/A
   Expected volatility (%)                                                            71.39              N/A
   Historical volatility (%)                                                          71.39              N/A
   Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                         3.80              N/A
   Expected life of options (year)                                                       10              N/A
   Weighted average share price (HK$ per share)                                       34.65              N/A

   At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had 81,255,717 share options outstanding
   under the Share Option Scheme, which represented approximately 9.66% of the Company’s shares in issue as
   at that date.

30. RESERVES
   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented
   in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of the financial statements.

   Capital reserve
   The Group’s capital reserve mainly includes the share premium of the ordinary shares issued in connection
   with the IPO and share issue expenses, the share premium of the ordinary shares transferred from preferred
   shares, equity-settled share award and the accumulated effects of the other equity transactions (i.e. the
   changes in non-controlling interests without losing control of a subsidiary).

   Exchange fluctuation reserve
   The exchange fluctuation reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation of the
   financial statements of entities of which the functional currency is not RMB.

31. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (a)   Major non-cash transactions
         During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
         RMB22,636,000 (2022: RMB11,008,000) and RMB22,636,000 (2022: RMB11,008,000), respectively, in
         respect of lease arrangements for plant and building.

         During the year, the Group had a non-cash addition to a long-term equity investment of US$45,900,000
         (approximately RMB325,096,000, 2022: nil) which was deemed as a portion of the upfront payment in
         relation to a license contract arrangement of the Group.




                                                                             Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.     165
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      31. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
           (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
                 2023

                                                                              Interest-
                                                                               bearing
                                                                             bank and
                                                                                 other              Lease
                                                                           borrowings           liabilities     Total
                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000


                 At 1 January 2023                                           1,867,257             11,852     1,879,109
                 Changes from financing cash flows                             975,227            (12,080)      963,147
                 New leases                                                          –             22,636        22,636
                 Foreign exchange movement                                           –                 15            15
                 Interest expense                                              125,299                  –       125,299
                 Finance costs on lease liabilities                                  –                696           696


                 At 31 December 2023                                         2,967,783             23,119     2,990,902

                 2022

                                                                               Interest-
                                                                                bearing
                                                                             bank and
                                                                                  other            Lease
                                                                            borrowings          liabilities      Total
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


                 At 1 January 2022                                             849,331             10,091      859,422
                 Changes from financing cash flows                             949,747             (9,358)     940,389
                 New leases                                                          –             11,008       11,008
                 Remeasurement resulting from early
                    termination of a lease                                           –               (481)        (481)
                 Foreign exchange movement                                           –                113          113
                 Interest expense                                               68,179                  –       68,179
                 Finance costs on lease liabilities                                  –                479          479


                 At 31 December 2022                                         1,867,257             11,852     1,879,109

           (c)   Total cash outflow for leases
                 The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                                   2023         2022
                                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000


                 Within operating activities                                                       2,554         1,233
                 Within investing activities                                                     167,532        12,531
                 Within financing activities                                                      12,080         9,358


                                                                                                 182,166        23,122

166   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                  31 December 2023


32. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2023.

33. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
   Details of the Group’s assets pledged for the Group’s bank and other borrowings and overdrafts and contract
   execution are included in notes 13, 14(a), 22 and 25, respectively, to the financial statements.

34. COMMITMENTS
   (a)   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


         Contracted, but not provided for:
          Plant and machinery                                                           769,990           981,120


   (b)   The Group does not have various lease contracts that have not yet commenced as at 31 December 2023
         and 2022.

35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the
         following transactions with a non-controlling shareholder and its subsidiaries during the year: (i) revenue
         of products sales amounted to RMB117,116,000 (2022: RMB118,563,000); (ii) selling and marketing
         expenses of RMB120,000 (2022: RMB95,691,000); and (iii) costs of RMB106,783,000 related to the
         purchase of clinical services and materials (2022: RMB33,867,000).


         The above transactions are determined by reference to the market price and mutually agreed between
         the parties. The related party transactions of all the above items also constitute continued connected
         transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

         The Group had the following transactions with Summit during 2023: (i) license income amounting to
         RMB2,915,199,000; (ii) sales of products and materials amounting to RMB16,310,000; (iii) service fee
         income amounting to RMB24,374,000.

   (b) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:
         During the year, the Company did not identify any personnel as key management other than the directors
         of the Company. Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 8
         to the financial statements.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      167
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
           The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period
           are as follows:

           2023

           Financial assets


                                                                                           Financial
                                                                                           assets at
                                                                               Financial   fair value
                                                                                  assets     through
                                                                           at amortised         profit
                                                                                    cost      or loss          Total
                                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000


           Trade receivables                                                    295,563             –         295,563
           Financial assets included in prepayments,
             other receivables and other assets                                  16,906            –           16,906
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      –      864,470          864,470
           Pledged deposits and time deposits with
             original maturity of more than three months                      2,499,673             –       2,499,673
           Cash and cash equivalents                                          1,542,313             –       1,542,313


                                                                              4,354,455      864,470        5,218,925


           Financial liabilities
                                                                                                             Financial
                                                                                                             liabilities
                                                                                                         at amortised
                                                                                                                   cost
                                                                                                             RMB’000


           Trade payables                                                                                     354,828
           Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                      246,160
           Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                       2,967,783
           Lease liabilities                                                                                   23,119


                                                                                                            3,591,890




168   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                      31 December 2023


36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)
   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period
   are as follows: (Continued)

   2022

   Financial assets
                                                                                        Financial
                                                                       Financial        assets at
                                                                          assets        fair value
                                                                   at amortised           through
                                                                            cost     profit or loss             Total
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000


   Trade receivables                                                   271,046                   –            271,046
   Financial assets included in prepayments,
     other receivables and other assets                                   5,320                –                5,320
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      –          205,912              205,912
   Pledged deposits and time deposits with
     original maturity of more than three months                            94                   –                94
   Cash and cash equivalents                                         2,092,388                   –         2,092,388


                                                                     2,368,848           205,912           2,574,760


   Financial liabilities
                                                                                                             Financial
                                                                                                             liabilities
                                                                                                         at amortised
                                                                                                                  cost
                                                                                                             RMB’000


   Trade payables                                                                                            308,948
   Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                             458,793
   Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                              1,867,257
   Lease liabilities                                                                                          11,852


                                                                                                           2,646,850




                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.        169
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS
           The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying
           amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


                                                                Carrying amounts                     Fair values
                                                                  2023            2022             2023            2022
                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000


           Financial assets
             Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss:
               Investments in financial products                852,431          195,912         852,431           195,912
               Unlisted investment                               12,039           10,000          12,039            10,000


                                                                864,470          205,912         864,470           205,912


           Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade
           payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, current interest-
           bearing bank and other borrowings, current lease liabilities and financial liabilities included in other payables
           and accruals approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these
           instruments.

           The Group’s finance department is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
           measurement of financial instruments. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements
           in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The directors
           review the results of the fair value measurement of financial instruments periodically for annual financial
           reporting.

           The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and the non-current
           portion of lease liabilities have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates
           currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair
           value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as at
           31 December 2023 and 2022 were assessed to be insignificant.

           The fair values of the financial products issued by the banks have been estimated by using a discounted cash
           flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.

           The fair value of the unlisted investment designated at fair value through profit or loss has been estimated
           using a market based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by observable market
           prices or rates. The valuation requires the directors to determine comparable public companies (peers) based
           on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate an appropriate price multiple, such price to earnings
           (“P/E”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by dividing the enterprise
           value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple is then discounted for
           considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based on
           company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings
           measure of the unlisted investment to measure the fair value. The directors believe that the estimated fair
           values resulting from the valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial
           position, and the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in profit or loss, are reasonable, and that
           they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.



170   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                        31 December 2023


37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together with a
   sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2023 and 2022:

                                                            Significant            Amount of           Relationship of
                                         Valuation          unobservable           unobservable        unobservable
                                         technique          inputs                 inputs              input to fair value


   Financial asset at fair value         Valuation          Average P/E            2023: 13.8          The higher the
     through profit or loss:               multiples          multiple of peers      (2022: 41.95)       ratio, the higher
     Unlisted investment                                                                                 the fair value

                                                            Discount for            2023: 18%          The higher the
                                                              lack of marketability   (2022: 8%)         percentage, the
                                                                                                         lower the fair
                                                                                                         value

   The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined by the
   Group that market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.

   Fair value hierarchy
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

   Assets measured at fair value:
   As at 31 December 2023

                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                            Quoted prices     Significant     Significant
                                                                 in active    observable    unobservable
                                                                  markets         inputs          inputs
                                                                 (Level 1)      (Level 2)       (Level 3)         Total
                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
     Investments in financial products                                  –         852,431               –        852,431
     Unlisted investment                                                –               –          12,039         12,039


                                                                        –         852,431          12,039        864,470




                                                                                       Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      171
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
           Assets measured at fair value: (Continued)
           As at 31 December 2022

                                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                                                    Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                                         in active     observable     unobservable
                                                                          markets            inputs          inputs
                                                                         (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)      Total
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
             Investments in financial products                                  –         195,912                –     195,912
             Unlisted investment                                                –               –           10,000      10,000


                                                                                –         195,912           10,000     205,912


           Liabilities measured at fair value:
           The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.




172   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                    31 December 2023


38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
  The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, lease
  liabilities, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits and
  time deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations.
  The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as other receivables, trade payables and
  other payables, which arise directly from its operations.

  The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity
  risk. The directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised
  below.

  Foreign currency risk
  The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating
  units in currencies other than the units’ functional currencies.

  The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
  change in the US$ exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit/(loss) before tax
  (due to changes in the fair values of monetary assets and liabilities).

  Increase/(decrease) in profit/(loss) before tax


                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


  Increase in the US$ rate by 5%                                                          25,063               623
  Decrease in the US$ rate by 5%                                                         (25,063)             (623)


  Credit risk
  The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers
  who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances
  are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.

  The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which primarily comprise cash and cash equivalents,
  pledged deposits and time deposits, trade receivables and other receivables, arises from default of the
  counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.       173
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
           Credit risk (Continued)
           Maximum exposure and year-end staging
           The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
           policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost
           or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are gross carrying
           amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee contracts.

           As at 31 December 2023

                                                     12-month
                                                         ECLs                   Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                Simplified
                                                       Stage 1       Stage 2        Stage 3     approach        Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


           Trade receivables*                                 –             –             –       295,563      295,563
           Financial assets included in
             prepayments, other receivables
             and other assets
             — Normal**                                 16,906              –             –             –       16,906
           Pledged deposits and time deposits
             with original maturity of more than
             three months
             — Not yet past due                      2,499,673              –             –             –    2,499,673
           Cash and cash equivalents
             — Not yet past due                      1,542,313              –             –             –    1,542,313


                                                     4,058,892              –             –       295,563    4,354,455




174   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                                            31 December 2023


38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Credit risk (Continued)
   Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)
   As at 31 December 2022

                                                         12-month
                                                            ECLs                           Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                 Simplified
                                                           Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3          approach               Total
                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


   Trade receivables*                                                –                 –                  –        271,046            271,046
   Financial assets included in
     prepayments, other receivables
     and other assets
     — Normal**                                                5,320                   –                  –                 –            5,320
   Pledged deposits and time deposits
     with original maturity of more than
     three months
     — Not yet past due                                            94                  –                  –                 –                94
   Cash and cash equivalents
     — Not yet past due                                  2,092,388                     –                  –                 –      2,092,388


                                                         2,097,802                     –                  –        271,046         2,368,848

   *    For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is
        disclosed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.

   **   The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal”
        when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since
        initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.                175
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
           Liquidity risk
           The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers
           the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets and projected cash flows from operations.

           The Group’s objective is to maintain continuity of funding. The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities
           as at 31 December 2023 and 2022, based on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

           As at 31 December 2023

                                                              On        Within          1 to 5           Over
                                                         demand          1 year         years         5 years         Total
                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


           Lease liabilities                                     –        15,043          8,722               –        23,765
           Interest-bearing bank and
              other borrowings                                  –        474,931      1,655,101      1,516,597     3,646,629
           Trade payables                                 177,592        177,236              –              –       354,828
           Financial liabilities included in
              other payables and accruals                        –       246,160               –              –      246,160


                                                          177,592        913,370      1,663,823      1,516,597     4,271,382


           As at 31 December 2022

                                                              On          Within         1 to 5           Over
                                                          demand          1 year         years         5 years         Total
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


           Lease liabilities                                     –         6,198          6,101               –        12,299
           Interest-bearing bank and
              other borrowings                                  –        512,141        686,278      1,082,805     2,281,224
           Trade payables                                 156,427        152,521              –              –       308,948
           Financial liabilities included in
              other payables and accruals                        –       458,793               –              –      458,793


                                                          156,427      1,129,653        692,379      1,082,805     3,061,264




176   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                   31 December 2023


38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Capital management
   The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
   a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise
   shareholders’ value.

   The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
   conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the
   Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares.
   The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the
   objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

39. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   In February 2024, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with Dawnrays Biotechnology Capital
   (Asia) Limited (“Dawnrays”), pursuant to which the Group will purchase 35% of the equity interest in AD
   Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of the Group, from Dawnrays at a consideration of approximately
   RMB267,387,000 (the “Acquisition”). Upon completion of the Acquisition, AD Pharmaceuticals will become a
   wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group. Details have been set out in the announcements of the Company dated
   9 February 2024 and 4 March 2024.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.      177
      Notes to Financial Statements


      31 December 2023


      40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
           Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as
           follows:

                                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000


           NON-CURRENT ASSET
           Investment in a subsidiary                                                          2,257            2,257
           Long-term equity investment                                                       293,441                –
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                              12,039           10,000


           Total non-current assets                                                          307,737           12,257


           CURRENT ASSETS
           Due from subsidiaries                                                           5,371,299        4,506,418
           Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                     6,997            1,113
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             568,715          125,918
           Pledged deposits and time deposit with original maturity
             of more than three months                                                     2,220,293                –
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                         377,236          557,037


           Total current assets                                                            8,544,540        5,190,486


           CURRENT LIABILITIES
           Due to subsidiaries                                                             3,550,183                62
           Other payables and accruals                                                         5,939             6,204


           Total current liabilities                                                       3,556,122             6,266


           NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                              4,988,418        5,184,220


           TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                           5,296,155        5,196,477


           Net assets                                                                      5,296,155        5,196,477


           EQUITY
           Share capital                                                                          59               59
           Shares held for restricted share unit schemes                                     (63,567)         (84,452)
           Reserves (note)                                                                 5,359,663        5,280,870


           Total equity                                                                    5,296,155        5,196,477




178   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                                  31 December 2023


40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
   Note:

   A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                           Share       Share     Exchange
                                                 Share        Capital      award      option    fluctuation Accumulated
                                              premium        reserve     reserve     reserve        reserve      losses       Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


   At 1 January 2022                          4,007,049     1,731,270   130,552            –      (407,971)    (962,954)    4,497,946
   Loss for the year                                                                                           (184,435)     (184,435)
   Other comprehensive income for the year:
   Translation from functional currency to
     presentation currency                              –          –           –           –      423,297              –     423,297


   Total comprehensive income for the year           –             –           –           –      423,297      (184,435)     238,862
   Issue of shares                             500,464             –           –           –            –             –      500,464
   Share issue expenses                         (5,005)            –           –           –            –             –       (5,005)
   Exercise of restricted share units           82,866             –     (82,866)          –            –             –            –
   Equity-settled share award arrangements           –             –      48,603           –            –             –       48,603


   At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023     4,585,374     1,731,270    96,289           –        15,326     (1,147,389)   5,280,870

   Loss for the year                                    –          –           –          –              –      (23,759)      (23,759)
   Other comprehensive income for the year:
   Translation from functional currency to
     presentation currency                              –          –           –          –        89,139              –      89,139


   Total comprehensive income for the year              –          –           –           –       89,139       (23,759)       65,380
   Equity-settled share award arrangements              –          –      32,266           –            –             –        32,266
   Equity-settled share option arrangements             –          –           –       2,032            –             –         2,032
   Exercise of restricted share units                   –          –     (19,185)          –            –        (1,700)      (20,885)


   At 31 December 2023                        4,585,374     1,731,270   109,370        2,032      104,465     (1,172,848)   5,359,663


41. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 18 March 2024.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023 | Akeso, Inc.          179
      FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY



                                                                                  For the year ended December 31,
                                                       2019                         2020           2021           2022                                                2023
                                                     RMB’000                     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000                                               RMB’000


      Operating results
      Revenue                                          70,879                           –                     225,626                     837,656                 4,526,253
      Other income and gains, net                      50,186                     123,524                     116,273                     158,613                   454,180
      Research and development
        expenses                                      (308,388)                   (768,589)                 (1,122,957)                 (1,323,098)               (1,254,023)
      Selling and marketing expenses                         –                           –                    (179,149)                   (552,661)                 (890,384)
      Administrative expenses                          (55,421)                   (253,029)                   (243,517)                   (199,007)                 (200,094)
      (Loss)/profit for the year                      (346,454)                 (1,320,579)                 (1,258,126)                 (1,422,216)                1,942,351
                                         (346,454)                (1,320,579)                 (1,258,126)                 (1,422,216)                 1,942,351




                                                                                       As at December 31,
                                                       2019                        2020          2021                                      2022                       2023
                                                     RMB’000                     RMB’000      RMB’000                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000


      Financial position
      Non-current assets                               416,975                    854,843                   1,653,533                   2,437,477                 3,504,324
      Current assets                                 1,255,964                  3,001,326                   3,152,256                   3,058,471                 5,676,766
      Non-current liabilities                        1,337,473                    235,759                     869,828                   1,586,798                 3,457,731
      Current liabilities                              119,761                    169,971                     655,695                   1,361,136                 1,204,582
      Net assets                                       215,705                  3,450,439                   3,280,266                   2,548,014                 4,518,777




180   Akeso, Inc. | Annual Report 2023
