KE Holdings Inc.
(A company controlled through weighted voting rights and incorporated
in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Stock Code : 2423




 Annual Report

2024
CONTENTS

Five-Year Financial Summary                    2


Key Achievements                               3


Forward-Looking Statements                    4


Business Overview                             5


Management Discussion and Analysis            29


Directors and Senior Management              48


Report of the Directors                       57


Corporate Governance Report                  104


Independent Auditor’s Report                 128


Consolidated Balance Sheets                  136


Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive     139
 Income


Consolidated Statements of Changes in        142
 Shareholders’ Equity


Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows        144


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   147


Corporate Information                        267


Definitions                                  269
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                      2020             2021            2022            2023           2024
                                                                           (RMB, in thousands)

Total net revenues                              70,480,978       80,752,439      60,668,779       77,776,932    93,457,498
Total cost of revenues                           (53,621,121)   (64,933,024)    (46,888,032)     (56,058,918)   (70,513,443)
Gross profit                                     16,859,857       15,819,415     13,780,747        21,718,014   22,944,055
Total operating expenses                        (14,018,048)     (17,174,279)    (14,613,653)    (16,920,944)   (19,179,088)
Income (loss) from operations                     2,841,809      (1,354,864)      (832,906)        4,797,070     3,764,967
Income before income tax expenses                  4,387,119       1,140,726        292,290       7,883,995      6,870,069
Net income (loss)                                 2,778,323       (524,766)      (1,397,284)      5,889,604       4,078,180
Net income (loss) attributable to
    KE Holdings Inc.                              2,777,592        (524,129)     (1,386,074)      5,883,224      4,064,900
Net income (loss) attributable to KE Holdings
    Inc.’s ordinary shareholders                   720,466         (524,129)     (1,386,074)      5,883,224      4,064,900
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to
    KE Holdings Inc.                                880,197      (1,329,765)       840,928        6,540,247       4,429,710
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to
    KE Holdings Inc.’s ordinary shareholders      (1,176,929)    (1,329,765)       840,928        6,540,247       4,429,710


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                      2020             2021            2022            2023           2024
                                                                           (RMB, in thousands)

ASSETS
Total current assets                             87,539,101     69,926,354       70,424,675      69,753,623     76,603,345
Total non-current assets                         16,756,435       30,392,511     38,922,672      50,578,308     56,545,938
Total assets                                    104,295,536     100,318,865     109,347,347       120,331,931   133,149,283
LIABILITIES
Total current liabilities                       33,633,346       28,936,137       33,341,318     39,523,983     52,744,258
Total non-current liabilities                    3,869,674        4,327,235        6,951,591      8,606,843      8,957,030
Total liabilities                               37,503,020       33,263,372     40,292,909        48,130,826     61,701,288
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Total shareholders’ equity                       66,792,516     67,055,493      69,054,438        72,201,105     71,447,995




2             KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                      KEY ACHIEVEMENTS

•   Gross transaction value (GTV)1 was RMB3,349.4 billion for the year ended December 31,
    2024, representing an increase of 6.6% from RMB3,142.9 billion in 2023. GTV of existing home
    transactions was RMB2,246.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing an
    increase of 10.8% from RMB2,028.0 billion in 2023. GTV of new home transactions was RMB970.0
    billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing a decrease of 3.3% from RMB1,003.0
    billion in 2023. GTV of home renovation and furnishing was RMB16.9 billion for the year ended
    December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 27.3% from RMB13.3 billion in 2023. GTV of
    emerging and other services was RMB116.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024,
    representing an increase of 17.6% from RMB98.6 billion in 2023.


•   Net revenues were RMB93.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing an
    increase of 20.2% from RMB77.8 billion in 2023.


•   Net income was RMB4,078 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to
    RMB5,890 million in 2023. Adjusted net income2 was RMB7,211 million for the year ended
    December 31, 2024, compared to RMB9,798 million in 2023.


•   Number of stores was 51,573 as of December 31, 2024, a 17.7% increase from 43,817 as of
    December 31, 2023. Number of active stores3 was 49,693 as of December 31, 2024, a 18.3%
    increase from 42,021 as of December 31, 2023.


•   Number of agents was 499,937 as of December 31, 2024, a 16.9% increase from 427,656 as of
    December 31, 2023. Number of active agents4 was 445,271 as of December 31, 2024, a 12.1%
    increase from 397,135 as of December 31, 2023.


•   Mobile monthly active users (MAU)5 averaged 43.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2024,
    compared to 43.2 million in the same period of 2023.

1   GTV for a given period is calculated as the total value of all transactions which the Company facilitated on the
    Company’s platform and evidenced by signed contracts as of the end of the period, including the value of the existing
    home transactions, new home transactions, home renovation and furnishing and emerging and other services (excluding
    home rental services), and including transactions that are contracted but pending closing at the end of the relevant
    period. For the avoidance of doubt, for transactions that failed to close afterwards, the corresponding GTV represented
    by these transactions will be deducted accordingly.
2   Adjusted net income (loss) is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is defined as net income (loss), excluding (i)
    share-based compensation expenses, (ii) amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions and business
    cooperation agreement, (iii) changes in fair value from long-term investments, loan receivables measured at fair value
    and contingent consideration, (iv) impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets, (v) impairment
    of investments, and (vi) tax effects of the above non-GAAP adjustments. Please refer to the section titled “Management
    Discussion and Analysis – Results of Operation – Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for details.
3   Based on our accumulated operational experience, we have introduced the number of active agents and active stores
    on our platform which can better reflect the operational activeness of stores and agents on our platform. “Active stores”
    as of a given date is defined as stores on our platform excluding the stores which (i) have not facilitated any housing
    transaction during the preceding 60 days, (ii) do not have any agent who has engaged in any critical steps in housing
    transactions (including but not limited to introducing new properties, attracting new customers and conducting property
    showings) during the preceding seven days, or (iii) have not been visited by any agent during the preceding 14 days.
4   “Active agents” as of a given date is defined as agents on our platform excluding the agents who (i) delivered notice to
    leave but have not yet completed the exit procedures, (ii) have not engaged in any critical steps in housing transactions
    (including but not limited to introducing new properties, attracting new customers and conducting property showings)
    during the preceding 30 days, or (iii) have not participated in facilitating any housing transaction during the preceding
    three months.
5   “Mobile monthly active users” or “mobile MAU” are to the sum of (i) the number of accounts that have accessed our
    platform through our Beike or Lianjia mobile app (with duplication eliminated) at least once during a month, and (ii)
    the number of Weixin users that have accessed our platform through our Weixin mini programs at least once during a
    month. Average mobile MAU for any period is calculated by dividing (i) the sum of the Company’s mobile MAUs for each
    month of such period, by (ii) the number of months in such period.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024              3
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This annual report contains statements that may constitute “forward-looking” statements pursuant
to the “safe harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,”
“aims,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “likely to,” and similar statements. Among
other things, the sections headed “Business Overview”, “Management Discussion and Analysis,”
“Report of the Directors” and “Corporate Governance Report” in this annual report, as well as Beike’s
strategic and operational plans, contain forward-looking statements. Beike may also make written
or oral forward-looking statements in its periodic reports to the SEC and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, in its annual report to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in
oral statements made by its officers, Directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not
historical facts, including statements about KE Holdings Inc.’s beliefs, plans, and expectations, are
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties.
A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statement, including but not limited to the following: Beike’s goals and strategies;
Beike’s future business development, financial condition and results of operations; expected
changes in the Company’s revenues, costs or expenditures; Beike’s ability to empower services
and facilitate transactions on Beike platform; competition in the industry in which Beike operates;
relevant government policies and regulations relating to the industry; Beike’s ability to protect the
Company’s systems and infrastructures from cyber-attacks; Beike’s dependence on the integrity of
brokerage brands, stores and agents on the Company’s platform; general economic and business
conditions in China and globally; and assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing.
Further information regarding these and other risks is included in KE Holdings Inc.’s filings with the
SEC and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. All information provided in this annual report is as of the
Latest Practicable Date unless otherwise indicated, and KE Holdings Inc. does not undertake any
obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under applicable law.




4        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Beike is the leading integrated online and offline platform for housing transactions and services.
We are a pioneer in building the infrastructure and standards to reinvent how service providers
and customers efficiently navigate and complete housing transactions and services in China,
ranging from existing and new home sales, home rentals, to home renovation and furnishing, and
other services. We believe our proactive engagement with platform participants both online and
offline enables us to know them better and serve them better. In 2024, we facilitated over 4.9 million
housing transactions on our platform, and we recorded an aggregate GTV of RMB3,349.4 billion
(US$458.9 billion).


We own and operate Lianjia , China’s leading real estate brokerage brand in respect of service
quality and an integral part of our Beike platform. We believe the success and proven track record
of Lianjia pave the way for us to build the industry infrastructure and standards and drive the rapid
and sustainable growth of Beike. We have over 23 years of operating experience through Lianjia
since our inception in 2001. Such extensive industry experience has provided us with distinct insights
into markets, business conditions and customer needs, which we believe are critical for us to offer
effective solutions, expand market footprint and capture adjacent opportunities.


OUR PLATFORM
We launched our Beike platform in 2018. Today, Beike is the leading integrated online and offline
platform for housing transactions and services. We are a pioneer in building the infrastructure
and standards to reinvent how service providers and customers efficiently navigate and complete
housing transactions and services in China, ranging from existing and new home sales, home
rentals, to home renovation and furnishing, and other services. We believe the success of Lianjia ,
China’s leading real estate brokerage brand in respect of service quality which we own and
operate on our platform, paves the way for us to build the infrastructure and standard, and support
the rapid growth of Beike. We implemented through Lianjia ’s large network of stores a series of
industry “firsts” over the years, including fostering agent collaborations for shared success through
our ACN, building a “Housing Dictionary ,” promoting authentic property listings, and leveraging
technology to digitalize and standardize processes. These efforts have ultimately resulted in
Lianjia ’s industry-leading service quality and efficiency, making it a trusted household name. More
importantly, Lianjia has laid the foundation for our infrastructure with ACN, operational know-how,
and technology systems that seamlessly integrate our online and offline network that has proven
to work at a large scale. We horizontally extended the core competencies of Lianjia to the Beike
platform in 2018 so that we can help hundreds of real estate brokerage brands, including Lianjia ,
and their affiliated stores and agents to succeed. Meanwhile, we created an even more scalable
infrastructure by a series of efforts, including digitalizing and standardizing three key components,
namely, technology, transaction process and service quality to specifically address the challenges
facing our industry.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024       5
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Below is a diagram illustrating the composition and structure of our platform:




                                            Beike Ecosystem



            Brands
                                                                 Home
                              Housing                         Renovation    Ecosystem
                             Customers        Real Estate     and Other     Participants
            Stores                            Developers        Service
                                                               Providers
            Agents

                                             Community-
            SaaS              Customer         centric           Talent
                              Front End        Network        Development   Modules
                                                                                           Infrastructure
          Signing-
         to-closing                                            Payment
                            Insights & AI    RealSee VR        & Escrow
          Support

                                                                            Operating
                                 Agent Cooperation Network                  System



Our Beike platform is an open platform for participants in the housing related industry and
ecosystem. It enables housing customers, including home buyers, home sellers, landlords and
tenants, to enjoy smooth housing transactions and services with high-quality real estate brokerage
brands, stores, agents, and home renovation and other service providers. Our platform serves as an
innovative sales channel for real estate developers and also enables other ecosystem participants
such as home renovation service providers to benefit from our technology and extensive customer
and agent base. The foundation of our platform is ACN, through which we streamline the entire
housing transaction process by promoting collaborations among brokerage brands, stores and
agents, standardizing authentic property listings and applying a series of cooperation rules. We
also offer various service modules to our ecosystem participants, which, along with ACN, form the
scalable infrastructure applicable and beneficial to the whole industry. These modules include SaaS
systems, customer front end, community-centric network, technology applications, training and
recruiting programs and transaction service centers.




6        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                      BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Our service offerings to ecosystem participants mainly include:


•    To housing customers : As the leading housing transactions and services platform, we provide
      comprehensive services to satisfy the evolving needs of customers. These services primarily
      belong to four categories: (1) brokerage services relating to existing home sales and home
      rentals, and marketing services relating to new home sales; (2) signing-to-closing support
      that include contract service, secure payment, escrow, among other things; (3) home
      renovation and furnishing services; and (4) home rental services. Together with the brokerage
      brands, stores, agents and other service providers, we provide housing customers with access
      to the largest authentic property listing inventory in China and handhold our customers
      throughout various phases of home ownership lifecycle and other residential services
      professionally and efficiently.


•    To brokerage brands, stores and agents : Our infrastructure is open to all real estate brokerage
      brands, stores and agents joining our platform. We provide primarily two categories of
      services to the brands, stores and agents on our platform: (1) platform services, to enable the
      brokerage service providers on our platform to conduct automatic role-based commission
      allocation and use our infrastructure and its different modules in a collaborative manner,
      including SaaS, technology, training and recruiting, signing-to-closing service, among other
      things; and (2) branding services, which allow small brokerage stores to join reputable
      brokerage brands and benefit from better quality control and lead conversion.


•    To real estate developers : Leveraging our established infrastructure and a broad base of
      housing customers, our platform is able to act as a powerful sales channel for new home
      projects, thereby reconstructing the value chain and transforming the way real estate
      developers discover and interact with home buyers. We primarily offer comprehensive sales
      and marketing solutions to real estate developers that include channel marketing, sales
      planning, reception services, online marketing as well as innovative tools.


•    To home renovation, home rental and other service providers : Leveraging our digital
      transformation capability and refined management, we redefine and restructure the roles of
      home renovation, home rental and other service providers to enhance operational efficiency.
      With all these efforts, we aim to standardize the process and integrate the refined industry
      practices and solutions into online systems, in order to better empower home renovation,
      home rental and other service providers.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024       7
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


We have five main revenue streams, namely existing home transaction services, new home
transaction services, home renovation and furnishing, home rental services, and emerging and
other services. For existing home transaction services, we generate revenues (i) from our own
Lianjia brand where we charge commissions for existing home sales and home rentals, and split
of commissions from other brokerage firms that operate brokerage stores on our Beike platform
in collaboration with Lianjia agents to complete transactions, (ii) from brokerage firms which own
and operate brokerage stores on our Beike platform where we receive platform service fees, and
those under our franchise brands such as Deyou to which we charge an additional franchise fee,
and (iii) by providing other value-added services including transaction closing services, field
work assistance such as on-site verification, agent recruiting and training services. For new home
transaction services, we recognize revenues from sales commissions charged to real estate
developers. For home renovation and furnishing, we generate revenues by providing renovation and
furnishing services to customers. For home rental services, we generate revenues by providing rental
property management and operation services, as well as various other rental-related services. In
addition, we generate revenues from a variety of other housing related services, including financial
services and other newly developed businesses.


As we become a more trusted platform and the relationship between our agents and housing
customers deepens, we are able to extend to other service verticals that are incidental to home
ownership and other ecosystem participants. We endeavor to provide one-stop solutions that
address customers’ demands along the residential lifecycle, and we plan to further expand our
service offerings and amplify the network effect of our ecosystem.


AGENT COOPERATION NETWORK (ACN)
At the core of our infrastructure is ACN, an operating system that not only fosters reciprocity and
bonding among various service providers, but also enables them to enhance service efficiency and
customer experience through collaborative efforts and commission allocation. We designed our
ACN to radically solve the underlying challenges faced by our industry. It serves as the operating
system on Beike platform that consists of protocols and practices to specify roles in cooperative
housing transactions and prescribe agents’ rights and obligations through commission allocation
mechanism. Through ACN, we standardize authentic property listings, promote efficient cooperation
and orderly competition among agents, streamline the whole transaction process, and enable
agents to be more specialized in a transaction process and knowledgeable in a particular region.
Built on our profound understanding of China’s housing related industry and goodwill accumulated
throughout our over 23-year operation of Lianjia , ACN has transformed the housing transactions
and services industry in China through the following three reinventions: (i) fostering information and
resource sharing among service providers to demolish the walls among isolated information islands,
(ii) assigning cooperative roles of agents to achieve cross-store and cross-brand collaboration,
and (iii) creating a professional network for agents, stores, brands and other service providers to
get connected and engaged on the platform.




8        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                    BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Agent Cooperation and Operational Rules

We actively promote agent cooperation on our platform to enhance efficiency of the housing
transactions and services industry. We partition a complete existing home transaction, including
existing home sales and rentals, into different steps and allow multiple agents cross-brand and
cross-store to cooperate in one transaction and share commissions based on their roles, through
which the agents can become more specialized in their roles. In 2024, approximately 75% of the
existing home sales completed on the Beike platform involve cross-store collaborations following
our ACN.


Our ACN encourages connection and collective work in conducting housing transactions by agents
from both buy side and sell side on our platform. A home buyer’s initiating agent can choose to
cooperate with other buy-side agents who have more relevant transaction expertise or resources,
and share commissions with the agent who closes the transaction. Under ACN, commission is
allocated automatically based on agents’ various roles in a housing transaction, and is not based
on negotiations among agents.


Through role partition and commission allocation, we make sure that agents are fairly compensated
for work they have done to facilitate a successful transaction, and thereby foster a healthy
yet competitive working environment. More importantly, agents who are less experienced are
incentivized to learn and accumulate expertise by taking relatively easy roles in more transactions
and be compensated.


To protect property information and promote healthy competition among sell-side agents, we
encourage the agents to focus on the properties and foster their insights in the nearby community
based on geographic areas and their own strengths so that agents can become experts of the
properties in their vicinity. A brokerage store has the right to manage existing home listings in
vicinity of the store and act as sell-side agents for those listings. For buy-side agents, if their
customers have intentions to buy homes in other regions, they can obtain a portion of the
commission on completed transactions by recommending their housing customers to agents in the
desired regions.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024      9
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Platform Governance Mechanisms

We implement detailed rules to incentivize agents to follow our ACN protocols and stick to the high
standards of professionalism in service delivery, and offer them privileged access if they perform
well. We have implemented platform governance mechanisms to encourage compliance with our
ACN protocols such as Beike score, which indicates the agent’s performance and service quality to
encourage more proactive cooperation and behaviors on our platform.


We constantly make efforts to improve business conducts governance. We create an integrated
online and offline governance mechanism that is self-inspected by store owners and supplemented
by platform supervision. The mechanism empowers us to effectively identify violations, such as
off-platform transactions and customer poaching, and rectify problems in time, creating a more
secure environment for real estate agents. Meanwhile, we further strengthened the operations of
regional co-governance councils, enabling store owners to better provide input on platform rule
iterations, fostering a more collaborative environment among stores. For new home transaction
services, we promote joint promises with new home developers to avoid customer information
leakage, customer poaching and other violations, aiming to enhance the sense of security during
agents’ operations.


Authentic Property Listings

We believe that authentic property listing is the foundation of agent cooperation as effective
collaboration among agents require valid and reliable listing information. Authentic property
listing encourages information transparency and trust from housing customers, increases agents’
operating efficiency, enhances transaction experience, and strengthens our brand image. We
monitor and verify the authenticity of property listings on our platform and timely update or delete
unqualified listings through customer callback, physical visits and AI. As of December 31, 2024, we
had approximately 6.0 million authentic property listings for existing home sales.


MODULES IN OUR INFRASTRUCTURE
Based on our ACN, we have been constantly innovating and building various modules to
supplement our infrastructure that serves participants on our platform, such as agents, brokerage
stores and brands, housing customers, real estate developers, home renovation, home rental
and other service providers. Examples of modules include SaaS systems for agents and store
managers, Beike front end for housing customers, AI technology and applications as the foundation
of our platform, virtual reality technology that benefits agents, housing customers and real estate
developers, community-centric network that serves housing customers offline, payment solutions
tied to electronic wallets that enable secure online and offline transactions, transaction service
centers that streamline the transaction process for agents and housing customers, title clearance
and escrow services that effectively help with closing, as well as agent development and recruiting
services for agents and store managers. Together with ACN, these modules form integral parts of
our infrastructure supporting various phases of housing transactions and services offered on our
platform.




10          KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                       BUSINESS OVERVIEW


SaaS Systems

We provide various SaaS systems to our ecosystem participants. We empower agents and
brokerage stores through our SaaS systems, which incorporate the cooperation mechanisms
that we envision in ACN and many other tools and functions relating to housing transactions and
services. We implement A+ SaaS system for connected brokerage stores and agents and Link SaaS
system for Lianjia personnel. Link SaaS system includes functional support for our internal operation
and is otherwise substantially the same with A+ SaaS system . Assisted by the SaaS systems in
their day-to-day work, agents and store managers can seamlessly follow our digitalized and
standardized housing transaction process. Agents and store managers can access the cloud-based
SaaS systems conveniently through desktop application, website, or mobile application. We
also provide SaaS systems for home renovation service providers. See “－Home Renovation and
Furnishing Services – Home SaaS for Renovation and Furnishing.”


Beike Customer Front End

Our Beike customer front end, including ke.com website, Beike apps, Beike Weixin Mini Programs,
offers customers relevant housing transactions and services resources and guide them along their
journey to make an informed housing transactions and services decision.


We believe that the authentic and extensive property listings on our platform form the foundation
for high-quality customer services and successful transactions. Housing customers can easily
access abundant existing and new home listings and rental listings through our ke.com website,
Beike apps, and Beike Weixin Mini Programs. Property listings can be filtered by neighborhood, price,
number of rooms, floor area and other attributes.


For existing home listings, customers can view visual presentations including virtual reality or
pictures, floor plans, certificate of the brokerage store, comments from agents on the listing and
past transaction history in the same neighborhood. For new home projects, we provide basic
project information, VR tours of model units, property value analysis, neighbourhood insights, price
comparisons with surrounding areas, authentic user reviews, and real-time project updates. For
rental listings, we also provide visual presentations including virtual reality or pictures and specify
facilities and furniture provided by the landlord and details of rent, commission and deposit.
Particularly, customers can view introduction to rental services, service fees, available move-in
dates and other information for our Carefree Rent business.


We include neighborhood information extracted from our Housing Dictionary , such as transportation,
education, healthcare and entertainment resources and other services, so that housing customers
can take these into consideration. We also provide consumers with short videos introducing existing
home listings, neighborhoods and new home projects and offer live streaming for users to elaborate
on those topics, aligning with their consumption preferences for such content. To help customers
assess the timing of buying and selling, we launched market updates on our customer front end
in certain cities. Meanwhile, to assist users in finding their ideal residential communities, we have
introduced the Beike Housing Rankings. In addition, we provide services such as property valuation,
market information, online listings, and asset management for homeowners, strengthening the
connection and interactions between the platform and homeowners.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024        11
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


We display information of agents under property listings and customers may initiate inquiries
through instant messaging or phone calls with one click. We have built individual profiles for agents
so that customers can view the agents’ names and titles, employment history, transaction records,
awards, and ratings and reviews from past customers. In addition, we display Beike score of the
agents and percentile on our platform, which generally represents service quality of the agents.
Capitalizing on the large agent base on our platform, we are able to serve housing customers in a
timely and efficient manner.


For home renovation and furnishing services, we provide a variety of tools and services on our
customer front end to help customers quickly calculate renovation quotations, find design examples,
designers, and renovation packages that they desire, assisting customers in making decisions. Our
home design product Sheniu also supports one-click generation of various style renderings, helping
customers realize their home ideas and improve communication efficiency between customers and
service providers.


Our Community-centric Network

Property transactions are generally high in value and involve high-risk, which requires substantial
information analysis and research prior to consummation. Unlike a click-and-buy product, every
residential property is unique in various aspects, such as location, property features, conditions
and age, resulting in different values. Convenient accessibility and abundant local insights and
knowledge on the community often carry heavy weights when housing customers select real estate
brokerage agents in housing transactions. Furthermore, as China is a populous country, residential
communities with high population density are prevalent in urban areas. Focusing on community
outreach and engagement, community-centric network serves as convenient access points for
local walk-in housing customers and as tangible offline touchpoints of our platform.


Our extensive network allows our platform to amass housing information offline and gain local
insights in customer needs and property features. The connections between customers and agents
through our online platform allow customers to quickly find stores and agents offline for speedy,
efficient and convenient delivery of local service. In addition, the supporting tools available on our
platform empowers store managers to build and manage larger teams of agents and increase
operational efficiency at store level, solidifying our advantages as an integrated online and offline
platform. As each store functions as a working unit, where store managers perform managerial
functions, we are able to maintain operational efficiency as our scale continues to grow.




12       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Our community-centric stores are also becoming an important foundation as we develop our
one-stop residential services, including home renovation and furnishing and rental property
management services. We empower real estate brokerage agents to become “residential”
consultants, transforming them from agents only facilitating housing transactions to experts with
consumer insights to facilitate a wide range of residential services.


In recent years, an increasing number of stores on our platform start to offer complimentary
convenience services, such as printing, charging, and internet browsing, to community residents.
Through these high-frequency interactions, our agents are able to build connections with housing
customers, which not only generates effective housing transaction leads, but also positions us well
for other housing related services.


Professional Development and Support

As we believe the success of our platform substantially hinges on the efficiency and service
quality of the agents on our platform, we are fully committed to sharing our accumulated industry
know-hows with the agents and home renovation and other service providers on our platform
through offline trainings and online courses.


We attach great importance to agent training and adopt a comprehensive learning approach
that combines online courses, offline training, hands-on tasks, and passing assessments. This
multifaceted approach enhances the competency of agents and motivates them to continue
improving to deliver professional services to the customers.


Store owners and managers are essential to the success of brokerage stores. By establishing
Huaqiao Academy , as well as providing various digitalized tools, we assist them in enhancing
their business operations, and continuously improving the system for their professional career
development.


Signing-to-closing Support

We offer comprehensive signing-to-closing transaction support to our housing customers. These
services include contract service, secure payment, escrow, among other things.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024     13
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Online and Offline Transaction Service Centers

A housing transaction is typically a stressful exercise that involves many steps and procedural
formalities in China, such as submitting purchase agreement to the housing administration, paying
taxes to the taxation authority, conducting title transfer and registration of housing ownership
with the municipal housing administration, and completing loan application with a bank and/
or guarantee services with a guarantee company. These steps often take weeks and involve
tens of visits to different locations. To reduce the hassle for both housing customers and agents,
we designed a comprehensive set of standard signing procedures that focus on security, and
established Ji Qian/Lucky Sign as we improve our hardware infrastructure and create the signing
system. Lucky Sign helps ensure that transactions comply with our standardized procedures
and security requirements, and that the process of transaction service is well-documented and
evidence-based. Meanwhile, we operate the NTS, our proprietary comprehensive online transaction
support system available on Beike platform. Through the NTS, housing customers are able to
accomplish many necessary transaction steps, such as signing the contracts online and submitting
the contracts to the relevant housing administration. The NTS also makes transaction process visible
via our apps and websites, which allows customers and agents to monitor various transaction steps
and to provide feedbacks and inputs online.


In addition to the comprehensive online transaction support, we have established offline transaction
service centers to facilitate housing transactions, helping housing customers and agents transfer
property titles and complete administrative procedures seamlessly and effortlessly. We have
opened transaction service centers in cities we entered and collaborate with banks, guarantee
companies, real estate appraisers, and government agencies and station their personnel on-site.
Our transaction support staff are also available to help with various administrative procedures in
the transaction service centers. As a result, housing customers and agents are able to complete
most steps necessary to close a transaction in our transaction service centers.


Combining the online NTS and the offline administrative support, we believe that our platform
makes transactions much easier, saves time and cost, and leads to elevated customer experience.


We also integrated our home renovation and furnishing services into our offline transaction service
centers. At selected centers, we have dedicated sales representatives and designers available
allowing customers with needs for home renovation after a property transaction to engage
directly with them for prompt assistance. Customers can also easily schedule home measurement
appointments, ensuring a convenient and efficient experience with our one-stop residential services.




14       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                      BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Payment and Escrow Services

In 2014, we established eHomePay , an online payment platform providing digital payment
processing services in housing transactions. As a licensed online payment platform, eHomePay also
creates electronic wallets for participants on our platform. These electronic wallets are instrumental
in automated accounting, settlement, and disbursement of funds from customers to real estate
brokerage stores and agents.


Also functioning as an escrow service, eHomePay solves the trust problem in housing transactions in
China where home buyers are concerned with whether the property titles to be received are free of
encumbrance after making the payment, and home sellers are unwilling to transfer titles until they
receive payment confirmation. The eHomePay platform would operate an escrow account to ensure
both the buyer and the seller fulfill their obligations. The eHomePay platform enhances customer
experience and ensures payment security, which in turn strengthens our brand image and attracts
more customers to our Beike platform. Our eHomePay possesses a valid license granted by the
People’s Bank of China.


Other Modules

The modules in our infrastructure also include our insights and AI applications, as well as virtual
reality and other technologies. See “－Insights and AI Applications” and “－Our Technology and
Research and Development – RealSee Virtual Reality.”


REAL ESTATE BROKERAGE BRANDS ON OUR PLATFORM
We believe a large and active network of agents, brokerage stores and brokerage brands across
China provides a solid foundation for serving a large number of housing customers. As of December
31, 2024, there were over 445,000 active agents and over 49,000 community-centric active
brokerage stores on our platform, representing 267 real estate brokerage brands. As of December 31,
2024, there were approximately 500,000 agents and over 51,000 brokerage stores on out platform.
Through the agents, stores and brokerage brands on our platform, we are able to effectively hone
local market expertise, generate leads and build relationships with our housing customers.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024       15
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Lianjia Brand

We started to operate real estate brokerage business under “Lianjia ” brand in housing transactions
and services industry in 2001 and Lianjia has been recognized as “China’s Famous Brand.” Through
Lianjia , we provide brokerage services to housing customers, offer marketing services to real
estate developers for new home sales and extend brokerage business to home rentals. Leveraging
our strong online and offline operational capabilities, we implemented through Lianjia a series
of industry “firsts” and successfully developed rules, operational know-hows, AI and technology
systems that resulted in superior service quality and efficiency. For example, Lianjia was among the
first to propose tripartite agreements in housing transactions, including brokerage service providers
as a party to provide full transparency and elevated trust. Housing Dictionary was launched on
Lianjia in 2008. Lianjia pioneered the migration from offline to online through launching Lianjia.
com in 2010 and building its own Link SaaS system ahead of our peers. Lianjia also established the
prototype of ACN in 2011, which we tested and refined before rolling out on Beike.


Lianjia aims to provide highest quality customer services in China and has strived to provide best
customer experience. Taking service quality as its priority, Lianjia has been improving its customer
services and established a comprehensive set of rules and standards accumulated over the past
23 years. Many ACN rules developed during Lianjia business operations, including authentic property
listings, were compiled to guide Lianjia agents. Lianjia also pioneers in adopting protocols on
service quality, such as service commitments and customer complaint handbooks, which are now
standards and rules we aim to apply throughout the entire Beike platform.


We screen and recruit high-quality agents on Lianjia and train them to provide efficient and
professional services to housing customers. Lianjia has built a strong and comprehensive agent
development program that encompasses campus recruiting, regular examinations, offline training
and online courses.


As of December 31, 2024, Lianjia had approximately 114,000 active agents, and approximately 5,600
active offline brokerage stores. As of December 31, 2024, Lianjia had over 28,000 and 31,000 active
agents, as well as approximately 1,400 and 1,200 active brokerage stores, in Beijing and Shanghai,
respectively.




16       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                       BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Relationship between Lianjia and Beike

Capitalizing on our unparalleled industry know-hows and scalable infrastructure that we have
established during our operation of Lianjia , we established Beike platform in 2018 to open our
solutions to other qualified brokerage brands, stores and agents. Today, Lianjia is the most
recognized and influential brand on Beike platform.


In cities other than Beijing and Shanghai, many other real estate brokerage brands have joined our
platform because of Lianjia ’s proven track record and industry leading service quality. Today, Lianjia
serves as the beacon for other brokerage brands on our platform thanks to its high operational
efficiency, top-notch customer services and well-trained agents. Lianjia complies with qualifications
and rules that we consistently implement on Beike platform just like other brokerage brands and is
subject to a higher standard in many cases, such as the education level of its agents.


Deyou Brand

We own Deyou brand, which is offered for connected brokerage stores that seek for the branding
effect and access to solutions offered by Beike platform. Participating brokerage stores can reduce
their operating cost, increase business efficiency and productivity, enhance exposure to updated
market news and industry trends, gain access to extensive authentic property listing inventory and
gain high-quality customer leads on Beike platform. They are able to keep the culture of being a
small team while enjoying the full-fledged infrastructure of a tremendous platform and cooperating
within our extensive network.


Other Brands

By sharing our deep industry understanding, operational know-hows, and powerful infrastructure,
as well as highly efficient online and offline integration, we help other real estate brokerage brands
to grow and succeed. As of December 31, 2024, our platform connected 266 real estate brokerage
brands other than Lianjia , which operated approximately 44,000 active brokerage stores with
approximately 331,000 active agents. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 87% of the existing
home listings on our platform were posted by agents affiliated with connected stores, including
stores operated by our franchise brand Deyou . In 2024, approximately 66% of the GTV of existing
and new home transactions on our platform was generated by connected real estate brokerage
stores and the sales channels we specifically procured for new home transactions.


We generally enter into cooperation agreements with other brokerage brands. Under these
agreements, we offer the brokerage brands access to the authentic property listing inventory and
modules on our platform. The brokerage brands, in return, would commit to following our ACN
as well as other protocols and practices on the platform and subscribe to an agreed-upon fee
structure depending on the depth of cooperation. The cooperation agreements also specifically
allocate responsibilities between the brokerage brands and us so that we are not responsible for
the lawsuits and disputes arising from the brokerage brands’ business activities.




                                                                            Annual Report 2024       17
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


COOPERATION WITH REAL ESTATE DEVELOPERS
Leveraging our established infrastructure and trust with housing customers, we are able to act
as a powerful sales channel for real estate developers. We are favored and trusted by real estate
developers to facilitate a large number of new home sales in China. New home sales through our
platform generated an aggregate GTV of RMB970.0 billion in 2024.


We have various cooperation methods with real estate developers. For example, we enter into
strategic cooperation with big real estate developers to facilitate the sales of their new home
projects. In particular, we vigorously reach corporate-to-corporate collaborations with selected
developers, including state-owned developers, to improve the quality of our sales projects and
certainty of commission collection. Utilizing our accumulated data and customer insights, we refine
strategies for marketing and selling new home projects, to accelerate sell-through and enhance our
services for developers. We also have local business development teams that directly cooperate
with individual new home projects under various cooperation modes.


We focus on risk control and business conduct governance, as well as efficiency and profitability
improvement for our new home transaction services. For new home sales facilitated by us, the real
estate developers that meet our certain requirements pays us the commission after the home
buyer signs the sales and purchase agreement with the real estate developer and makes the down
payment. We also speed up commission collection and promote the “Commission in Advance”
model. By encouraging developers to pay us in advance so as agents to get their commission
earlier, it brings more sense of security to agents and resulted in faster sell-through for real estate
developers, achieving an all-win situation. Thanks to our robust and comprehensive risk assessment
measures, our new home receivable turnover days remained healthy at 52 days in 2024, down
from 55 days in 2023. Our accounts receivable turnover days for new home transaction services
improved to 34 days in the fourth quarter of 2024, compared to 43 days in the same period of 2023.




18       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                    BUSINESS OVERVIEW


HOME RENOVATION AND FURNISHING SERVICES
Our home renovation and furnishing services aim to provide a one-stop solution. According
to customer needs and preferences, we provide professional services including home design,
construction, customized furniture and soft furnishings delivery, as well as post-sales support,
to create an ideal and comfortable living space for our customers. The process for our home
renovation and furnishing services mainly includes customer acquisition, lead conversion,
construction delivery and after-sales maintenance.


We acquire customers through various channels, including offline referrals, online advertising,
marketing campaign, and word-of-mouth recommendation from existing clients. The lead
conversion process mainly consists of initial communications to understand customer needs,
arranging on-site measurements, creating flat design proposals, conducting showroom visits, and
finalizing quotations and contract signing. Throughout this process, our designers maintain close
communication with customers and conduct multiple showroom visits to ensure the proposed
designs and renovation outcomes meet customer expectations.


The construction delivery process comprises basic construction work and main material
installation. Basic construction work includes demolition, plumbing and electrical work, masonry
and woodworking, and painting. Main material installation mainly includes the fixtures of wooden
doors, kitchen cabinets, flooring, switches, sockets, lighting, and bathroom sanitary ware. During
this process, project managers, butlers, workers, and inspectors collaborate closely to guarantee
high-quality delivery. The after-sales maintenance includes on-site repair services provided by our
maintenance personnel following any post-construction issues reported by clients for their homes,
as well as the proactive free maintenance service offered by after-sales personnel even in the
absence of client reports.


Throughout our entire home renovation and furnishing services, we provide assurance to consumers
in terms of quality, construction period, and safety. Simultaneously, our strict customer complaint
management ensures high-quality resolution.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024      19
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Infrastructure Development

Home renovation and furnishing services entail a long business process chain, involving diverse
materials, products, and the coordination of personnel in multiple roles. Infrastructure development
plays a crucial role in this process, encompassing digital system construction and supply chain
development.


Digital System Construction

We establish and continuously iterate a set of online digital systems that features product data on a
unified standard, covering the entire business process, and incorporates a personnel management
and evaluation system. The online digital systems include core digital platform Home SaaS, as well
as auxiliary systems such as digital personnel, Sheniu and smart construction sites.


Home SaaS

Home SaaS serves as the core digital platform for our home renovation and furnishing services,
comprising several subsystems including the customer sales system, Building Information Modeling,
or BIM system, central control system, construction delivery system and supply chain system. It also
includes a Weixin mini-program that provides customers with full-process digitalized services.


Since 2019, the Home SaaS system has undergone continuous iterations and is currently operational
nationwide, providing online capabilities for more service providers. In 2024, we have iterated
and upgraded the system to Home SaaS 2.5. Home SaaS 2.5 is specifically focused on enhancing
the quality and efficiency of our home renovation and furnishing services. By integrating BIM with
designer Share Service Center, or SSC, it promotes standardized operational management in design
planning, client quotations, and the drafting of construction drawings. Through lightweight BIM and
AI proposals, it provides designers with multiple solutions to improve efficiencies. Additionally, by
unifying scheduling for main materials, providing visibility of material scheduling, and coordinating
multi-role process collaboration, it promotes the integration of material delivery.


Supply Chain Development

The construction delivery and customized furniture delivery processes in home renovation and
furnishing services involve a variety of materials and products, thereby establishing a robust supply
chain system that is essential to ensure transportation timeliness. For customized furniture, we
have established and continuously iterated a comprehensive self-operated transport and logistics
system and set up self-operated warehouses nationwide to boost storage and delivery efficiency.
We also participate in the quality inspection of some customized furniture to ensure the high quality
of the products.




20       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                      BUSINESS OVERVIEW


HOME RENTAL SERVICES
Our home rental services primarily encompass decentralized and centralized rental property
management and operation services, as well as various rental-related services, including traffic
monetization businesses and online rental management services. As of the end of 2024, the
total number of home units under management in our home rental services exceeded 430,000,
compared to over 210,000 units at the end of 2023.


Among these services, Carefree Rent, our decentralized rental property management and operation
service, represents the largest segment. As of the end of 2024, the total number of home units under
Carefree Rent exceeded 420,000, compared to over 200,000 units at the end of 2023.


Carefree Rent transforms scattered rental home listings into high-quality, reliable, institutionalized
long-term rental properties by obtaining landlord authorization and providing professional
rental services to tenants, ensuring peace of mind for landlords and a secure, worry-free living
experience for tenants. In terms of specific business model, we acquire rental property mandates
from landlords through agents for our housing transaction services and other channels, make
basic preparation, and list the properties for rent. Leveraging Beike’s extensive customer traffic,
we facilitate fast and efficient matching between properties and tenants. For landlords, we enable
efficient property leasing, reduce vacancy periods, and provide stable returns, while minimizing the
time and effort required for pre- and post-rental matters. For tenants, we offer a comprehensive
range of rental services, including dedicated rental managers, professional maintenance, cleaning
services, broadband services, and smart door locks, ensuring a safe and worry-free rental
experience.


“Service quality” and “asset management efficiency” are the two pillars of the operation of Carefree
Rent .


In terms of service quality enhancement, we have deconstructed the service chain into standardized
actions. By assigning dedicated personnel to specific roles, we have improved both service capacity
and efficiency. For example, offline rental stewards are responsible for pre-move-in property
inspections, ensuring standardized home delivery. Meanwhile, online rental service managers
provide 24/7 support, promptly responding to tenants’ urgent issues or service requests. To enhance
service assurance, we have introduced multiple service upgrades and guarantee mechanisms.
For instance, for high-risk properties, such as those prone to water leakage, we have established a
rapid response and professional repair mechanism.


In terms of operational efficiency enhancement, we continue to optimize and upgrade the Carefree
Rent product model, strengthening its resilience against rental price fluctuations. Through deep
synergy with our housing transaction services, we have improved efficiency on both the property
acquisition and leasing, enabling sustainable business growth. Particularly in leasing, we have
strengthened the development and operation of stable leasing channels to enhance rental
certainty. At the same time, we have refined the management of second-time leasing, increasing
tenant renewal rates and pre-leasing rates to reduce vacancy risks.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024       21
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Additionally, we leverage AI technology to empower operations. By applying intelligent algorithms in
areas such as property acquisition pricing, inventory management, and rental leasing, we optimize
traffic allocation, pricing, and marketing strategies. These efforts have improved asset turnover
efficiency in pilot cities.


BEIHAOJIA
Beihaojia is our new business initiative focusing on upgrading residential development service. We
envision to build a data-driven platform for residential development services through Beihaojia .


In terms of business model, Beihaojia primarily provides C2M (Customer to Manufacturer) product
solutions for real estate developers and other business partners, offering flexible and diverse funding
solutions as well as efficient marketing services that integrate both online and offline channels.
Beihaojia ’s C2M product solutions leverage Beike’s vast data accumulation and Beike’s capability
to connect potential customers. Through big data analysis and AI algorithms, Beihaojia deeply
analyzes and uncovers customer needs, forecasting the types of products and price expectations
for target customers. Such information serves as an important reference for product positioning
and design for real estate projects, enabling us to provide partners with tailored product positioning
and design solutions, ultimately helping to create new home products that better align with market
demand.


In 2024, we have been actively establishing our presence in key cities in the country, continuously
refining and innovating our operational models in the process. Notably, our Xi’an project became
the first case in which Beihaojia generated service revenue through its product solution services,
demonstrating strong market endorsement for our business model.


During the initial phase of business development to validate and refine our C2M capabilities, we
also acquired two land plots for property development for Beihaojia business in 2024. In Chengdu,
Sichuan Province, China, we acquired a residential land parcel with an area of approximately
15,777 square meters for a transaction amount of RMB1,076 million. In Shanghai, China, we acquired
a residential land parcel with an area of approximately 15,304 square meters for a transaction
amount of RMB697 million.


INSIGHTS AND AI APPLICATIONS
Our platform generates a significant amount of insights from historical property information,
interactions on our platform, and transactions that we facilitate. Moreover, given our scale, we have
a holistic view of the market, including supply, demand and pricing trends. These valuable insights
help us provide customized products and services, match agents with listings, housing customers,
and facilitate transactions.




22        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                       BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Our Housing Dictionary

We launched Housing Dictionary in 2008 and have been building it for over a decade. It
encompasses a wide range of housing related information from the neighborhoods, the
communities, the buildings, to the floors and rooms. As of December 31, 2024, our Housing Dictionary
covered approximately 289 million properties. Agents on our platform can browse information
relating to their own cities in Housing Dictionary through our SaaS systems. Agents can supply new
property information or raise amendment through mobile app, Weixin Mini Programs and other
entrances. Through Housing Dictionary , we verify the authenticity of property listings, supplement
real estate information on our platform and offer property valuation services based on property
information and past transaction history.


Artificial Intelligence (AI) Applications

We place great emphasis on the potential of AI to enhance consumer experiences and improve
service efficiency, continuously investing in AI development. By integrating proprietary residential
related data with advanced foundational AI models, we have built Beike’s domain-specific language
model, ChatHome, and its domain-specific image model, DreamHome. Based on this foundation, we
have developed the comprehensive Bella AI development and application platform, which supports
a range of AI-driven applications. Examples of AI applications on our platform include:


For consumers:


•     AI Rental Property Management Assistant “AI Abei”: Piloted within our rental brokerage services
      and home rental services, this is an intelligent assistant designed to support homeowners.
      It accurately understands homeowners’ needs and swiftly provides solutions. Through
      conversational interactions, it efficiently assists homeowners with various aspects of the rental
      process, such as listing rental properties, adjusting prices, and uploading property images.


•     AI Design Tool “Sheniu” : This tool, developed for our home renovation business, is powered by
      our proprietary residential large language model, DreamHome. It can generate high-quality
      renovation renderings in multiple styles using real photos, floor plans, or reference images.
      This not only significantly enhances designers’ efficiency but also provides customers with an
      intuitive and convenient way to visualize their future homes.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024        23
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


For service providers:


•     AI Property Listing Maintenance Assistant : This tool operates through Weixin groups,
      intelligently supplying agents with professional materials for daily interactions with
      homeowners, such as pricing strategies, market promotion data, and industry policy insights.
      It strengthens agent-homeowner relationships and enhances property management
      efficiency.


•     AI Property Selection Advisor : This tool helps agents better identify and understand customer
      preferences, offering personalized property recommendations and solutions. It can help
      improve customer acquisition capabilities and service efficiency of agents.


•     DreamHome AI : This tool assists service providers, including designers, in rapidly generating
      AI-powered interior design renderings. It enables customers to explore and express their
      ideal living spaces effortlessly while providing service providers with a powerful visualization
      tool to facilitate communication, reducing communication costs and enhancing the service
      experience and efficiency.


•     Smart Construction Site System : Leveraging AI technology, this system enables real-
      time monitoring, process management, and quality inspection across renovation sites. It
      establishes a fully digital and closed-loop management system covering the entire home
      renovation delivery process. By addressing longstanding challenges in traditional site
      management, it can help enhance both construction quality and operational efficiency, while
      providing customers with a more transparent and reassuring service experience.




24       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                       BUSINESS OVERVIEW


For internal efficiency:


•     AI Business Management Assistant “Sun Xiaosheng” : Designed for home renovation business
      managers, this tool simulates core managerial skills and workflows to assist frontline
      managers with data analysis and business tracking. It can boost managerial efficiency and
      support better decision-making.


•     AI Office Assistant “Naohai” : This tool is designed to help with daily administrative and
      repetitive tasks, unlocking employee potential so that they can focus more on core business
      and innovation efforts, thereby improving the overall operational efficiency of the organization.


•     AI Coding Assistant “CodeLink” : Aimed at transforming our software development process,
      this tool supports intelligent code completion, generation, and debugging. It helps accelerate
      product iteration cycles and drive continuous upgrades to our overall technological
      capabilities.


OUR TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
We aspire to lead the innovations in the new era of China’s housing related industry by leveraging
our technologies. Our platform is built on a robust cloud-based technology infrastructure with
comprehensive functionalities that support the entire lifecycle of housing transactions and services
from initial customer acquisition, agent cooperation, lead referrals to property listing management,
transaction workflow management, and further to payment, closing management, and other
residential services. We have developed our AI technologies specifically to increase business
operational efficiency on our platform and of our agents.


Research and Development

We invest substantial resources in research and development to improve our technology, develop
new products that are complementary to existing products and find ways to better support agents
and other participants on our platform. We spent RMB1,937 million and RMB2,283 million in research
and development in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively.


Our research and development team includes engineers that build and maintain our infrastructure,
AI algorithm engineers that conduct modeling and algorithm research, security and risk
management engineers that focus on cybersecurity and risk control, infrastructure maintenance
engineers that maintain the stability of our platform, platform development engineers that develop
and implement products and services on our platform, and virtual reality engineers that specialize
on RealSee virtual reality products.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024       25
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Technological Infrastructure

We have developed a secure, efficient and cost-effective cloud-based core system to operate our
business. Cloud-based technology allows us to process large amount of complex data in-house,
which significantly reduces cost and improves operational efficiency. We currently rely on our six
data center rooms, as well as third-party cloud services such as Tencent Cloud, for our computing,
storage, bandwidth, content delivery network, backup and other services. The robust technology
infrastructure supports instant scaling with great flexibility to support traffic spikes. We have the
capability to operate and serve during outbreaks related to servers, cables and power in data
center scale or city scale. Even in the extreme hypothetical situation where all core data are deleted,
we are able to restore to full service with our multi-layer backup system. As of the Latest Practicable
Date, we have not experienced any service outbreak that materially affected our business operation.


RealSee Virtual Reality

We introduce VR experience to the housing transactions and services industry in China. We started
to research on VR technology from as early as 2015 and built our VR lab in early 2016. We believe
that the power of VR technology can help agents grow their business, get more housing customers,
and deliver top-level services, especially when a growing number of housing customers start their
housing transaction journeys by searching properties online. In addition, interactions between
agents and housing customers during VR property showing sessions are digitalized and recorded,
which can be used for agents’ personalized training and skill improvement in a timely manner.
At the same time, we are committed to enhancing spatial understanding of properties through
multimodal AI models. This enables us to improve users’ information retrieval experience and
accelerate the efficiency of property matching.


We believe that our RealSee VR technology has already been transforming the way the housing
transactions and services industry functions. Typically, customers physically visit multiple properties
before deciding on the one they want, which is inconvenient, expensive and time consuming.
RealSee VR technology allows home buyers to virtually visit properties without leaving their couches
and move within the properties by clicking on special hotspots in the interface. We offer our
housing customers three-dimensional walkthroughs of properties along with on-demand real time
explanation from our agents using Beike customer front end.


Technology for Financial Solutions

We have developed cutting-edge technology to power the financial services on our platform. The
core of our financial technology lies in our electronic wallets built in eHomePay . Capable of handling
money transactions with high frequencies and value on our ecosystem, the electronic wallet is
essentially a robust system that digitally transfers, clears and settles money in a stringent financial
accounting manner.




26       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW


MARKETING AND BRANDING
In 2024, we enhanced brand affinity through online and offline brand promotion and marketing
initiatives, continuously reinforcing our image of evolution towards a one-stop residential services
platform. We successfully title sponsored the Beijing Marathon for three consecutive years (2022-
2024) and also sponsored marathons in multiple cities, including Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen,
and Nanjing. Additionally, our nationwide community running events have become an extension
of the spirit of sportsmanship. Lianjia has continued to strengthen its commitment to quality
service, conveying its brand values of “peace of mind, reliability, and responsibility.” Our home
renovation brands, Shengdu and Beiwoo , have undergone brand refreshes. Shengdu launched
the “Designer Craftsmanship Star Program,” highlighting the professional and confident image of
service providers, while Beiwoo completed a comprehensive upgrade of its “Ten-Heart Genuine
Commitment” service pledge. Furthermore, we collaborated with mobile applications to conduct
online marketing campaigns via social media platforms and our own digital platforms. Offline, we
carried out marketing efforts through outdoor advertising, community events, and other diverse
promotional activities.


We believe that our high-quality real estate brokerage services lead to strong word-of-mouth
referrals, which drive customer awareness of our brands. As we gain trust from customers through
facilitating housing transactions and services, they often refer us to their families, friends and social
acquaintance, or return to our platform when they have other housing related needs, be it home
rentals, renovation or other services.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We regard our patents, trademarks, copyrights, domain names, know-hows, proprietary
technologies, and similar intellectual property as critical to our success. As of December 31, 2024,
we had 1,908 issued patents and 1,159 pending patent applications. We also owned 8,292 registered
trademarks, 728 pending trademark applications, copyrights to 788 software programs developed
by us relating to various aspects of our operations, and 161 registered domain names, including
ke.com and lianjia.com , as of December 31, 2024.


We seek to protect our technology and associated intellectual property rights through a
combination of patent, copyright and trademark laws, as well as license agreements and other
contractual protections. In addition, we enter into employment agreements with confidentiality
arrangements with our employees, and cooperation agreements with confidentiality arrangements
with brokerage brands and business partners to protect our proprietary rights. The agreements
we enter into with our employees also provide that all patents, software, inventions, developments,
works of authorship and trade secrets created by them during the course of their employment with
us are our property.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024       27
BUSINESS OVERVIEW


We intend to protect our technology and proprietary rights vigorously. We have employed
internal policies, confidentiality agreements, encryptions and data security measures to protect
our proprietary rights. From time to time, third parties may initiate litigation against us alleging
infringement of their proprietary rights or declaring their non-infringement of our intellectual
property rights.


COMPETITION
The housing related industry in China is rapidly evolving and increasingly competitive. We face
competition from players in different segments of the housing transactions and services industry.
We compete with other online housing transaction platforms for property listings and housing
transactions, as well as traffic-focused platforms for customer traffic. For our new home sales
business, we also compete with numerous new home marketing services providers. In addition to
these platforms and companies at the national level, we compete with offline traditional real estate
brokerage stores and brands for agents and housing customers locally. We also compete with
other companies for housing related services, such as home renovation and furnishing services and
rental property management services.


We believe that we are strategically positioned in China’s housing transactions and services industry
and we compete with others primarily on the following factors: (i) the ability to build and expand
our integrated online and offline platform for housing transactions and services; (ii) the amount
and authenticity of property listings on our platform; (iii) the ability to further develop the platform
infrastructure to enhance efficiency and customer experience; (iv) the superior service quality of our
platform as well as the agents on our platform; (v) our brand recognition and reputation; and (vi)
our ability to develop advanced technologies and utilize such technologies in housing transactions
and services.


INSURANCE
In addition to providing social security insurance for our employees as required by PRC law, we also
provide supplemental commercial medical insurance for our employees. Consistent with customary
industry practice in China, we do not maintain business interruption or product transportation
insurance, nor do we maintain key-man insurance.


For other details of the business of the Group, please refer to the section headed “Business Review
and Outlook” in the Annual Results Announcement for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 of the
Company dated March 18, 2025.




28       KE Holdings Inc.
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

RESULTS OF OPERATION
Net Revenues

Net revenues increased by 20.2% to RMB93.5 billion in 2024 from RMB77.8 billion in 2023, primarily
attributable to the increase of net revenues from new home transaction services and the expansion
of home renovation and furnishing and home rental services. Total GTV increased by 6.6% to
RMB3,349.4 billion in 2024 from RMB3,142.9 billion in 2023, primarily attributable to the Company’s
proactive growth strategy and enhanced capabilities in market coverage.


•     Net revenues from existing home transaction services were RMB28.2 billion in 2024, relatively
      flat compared with RMB28.0 billion in 2023. GTV of existing home transactions increased by
      10.8% to RMB2,246.5 billion in 2024 from RMB2,028.0 billion in 2023.


      Among that, (i) commission revenue increased by 1.0% to RMB23.1 billion in 2024, from RMB22.9
      billion in 2023, primarily attributable to the GTV of existing home transactions served by Lianjia
     stores increased by 8.4% to RMB918.5 billion in 2024 from RMB847.6 billion in 2023, mainly offset
     by a lower commission rate of existing home transaction services charged by Lianjia stores in
     Beijing; and


     (ii) revenues derived from platform service, franchise service and other value-added
     services, which are mostly charged to connected stores and agents on the Company’s
     platform were RMB5.1 billion in 2024, relatively flat compared with RMB5.1 billion in 2023,
     while the GTV of existing home transactions served by connected agents on the Company’s
     platform increased by 12.5% to RMB1,328.0 billion in 2024 from RMB1,180.4 billion in 2023. The
     increase was mainly offset by the decrease in revenues from certain value-added services
     which were not directly driven by GTV of existing home transactions served by connected
     agents.


•    Net revenues from new home transaction services increased by 10.1% to RMB33.7 billion in
     2024 from RMB30.6 billion in 2023, primarily due to the improved monetization capability,
     which was partially offset by the decrease of GTV of new home transactions of 3.3% to
     RMB970.0 billion in 2024 from RMB1,003.0 billion in 2023. Among that, the GTV of new home
     transactions facilitated on Beike platform through connected agents, dedicated sales team
      with the expertise on new home transaction services and other sales channels decreased
      by 3.1% to RMB784.4 billion in 2024 from RMB809.9 billion in 2023, and the GTV of new home
      transactions served by Lianjia brand decreased by 3.9% to RMB185.6 billion in 2024 from
      RMB193.2 billion in 2023.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024       29
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     Net revenues from home renovation and furnishing increased by 36.1% to RMB14.8 billion in
      2024 from RMB10.9 billion in 2023, primarily attributable to a) the increase of orders driven by
      the synergetic effects from customer acquisition and conversion between home transaction
      services and home renovation and furnishing business, b) a larger contribution from furniture
      and home furnishing sales in categories such as customized furniture, soft furnishings,
      and electrical appliances, and c) the shortened lead time driven by enhanced delivery
      capabilities.


•     Net revenues from home rental services increased by 135.0% to RMB14.3 billion in 2024 from
      RMB6.1 billion in 2023, primarily attributable to the increase of the number of rental units under
      the Carefree Rent model.


•     Net revenues from emerging and other services increased by 8.8% to RMB2.5 billion in
      2024 from RMB2.3 billion in 2023, primarily attributable to the increase of net revenues from
      financial services.


Cost of Revenues

Total cost of revenues increased by 25.8% to RMB70.5 billion in 2024 from RMB56.1 billion in 2023.


•     Commission – split. The Company’s cost of revenues for commissions to connected agents
      and other sales channels increased by 11.5% to RMB22.8 billion in 2024 from RMB20.4 billion
      in 2023, primarily due to the increase in net revenues from new home transaction services
      derived from transactions facilitated through connected agents and other sales channels.


•     Commission and compensation – internal. The Company’s cost of revenues for internal
      commission and compensation increased by 11.1% to RMB18.9 billion in 2024 from RMB17.0
      billion in 2023, primarily due to an increase in the net revenues from new home transactions
      derived from transactions facilitated through Lianjia agents and the increase in fixed
      compensation costs mainly driven by the increased number of Lianjia agents and improved
      benefits for them.


•     Cost of home renovation and furnishing. The Company’s cost of revenues for home
      renovation and furnishing increased by 32.8% to RMB10.2 billion in 2024 from RMB7.7 billion in
      2023, which was in line with the growth of net revenues from home renovation and furnishing.


•     Cost of home rental services. The Company’s cost of revenues for home rental services
      increased by 121.0% to RMB13.6 billion in 2024 from RMB6.2 billion in 2023, primarily attributable
      to the growth of net revenues from home rental services.


•     Cost related to stores. The Company’s cost related to stores was RMB2.9 billion in 2024,
      relatively flat compared with RMB2.9 billion in 2023.


•     Other costs. The Company’s other costs increased by 13.6% to RMB2.1 billion in 2024 from
      RMB1.9 billion in 2023, mainly due to the increased tax and surcharges in line with the
      increased net revenues and an increase in provision and funding costs of financial services.




30       KE Holdings Inc.
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Contribution and contribution margin


Our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) reviews segment contribution to evaluate
performance and allocate resources, predominately in the budgeting, planning, and forecasting
processes. We define contribution for each service line as the revenue less variable costs directly
attributable to the reportable segment. For existing home and new home transaction services,
variable costs include direct compensation to our internal agents and sales professionals, split
commission to connected agents and other sales channels for such services. For home renovation
and furnishing services, variable costs include material costs and compensation costs to renovation
workers who are the Group’s employees or contractors. For home rental services, variable costs
include property leasing costs paid to property owners according to corresponding lease contracts
and direct compensation to sales professionals.


The following table presents the calculation to arrive at contribution from net revenues, for each of
the periods indicated:


                                                                  For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                             RMB                  RMB
                                                                           (in thousands)

Existing home transaction services
Net revenues                                                          28,201,003         27,954,135
Less: Commission and compensation                                     (16,016,079)       (14,762,910)
Contribution                                                           12,184,924           13,191,225
New home transaction services
Net revenues                                                          33,653,403         30,575,778
Less: Commission and compensation                                    (25,304,481)       (22,455,253)
Contribution                                                           8,348,922             8,120,525
Home renovation and furnishing
Net revenues                                                          14,768,947         10,850,497
Less: Material costs, commission and compensation                     (10,229,696)       (7,705,325)
Contribution                                                            4,539,251            3,145,172
Home rental services
Net revenues                                                          14,334,479            6,099,747
Less: Property leasing costs, commission and compensation             (13,619,506)        (6,163,044)
Contribution/(Deficit)                                                    714,973              (63,297)
Emerging and other services
Net revenues                                                           2,499,666            2,296,775
Less: Commission and compensation                                       (350,183)              (217,341)
Contribution                                                           2,149,483            2,079,434




                                                                          Annual Report 2024          31
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


We also review contribution margin to measure segment profitability. The table below sets forth the
contribution margin for each of our business lines for the periods indicated.


                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                                RMB               RMB
                                                                        (in thousands, except
                                                                           for percentages)

Contribution (existing home transaction services)                       12,184,924        13,191,225
Contribution margin (existing home transaction services)                    43.2%               47.2%
Contribution (new home transaction services)                            8,348,922         8,120,525
Contribution margin (new home transaction services)                         24.8%               26.6%
Contribution (home renovation and furnishing)                            4,539,251            3,145,172
Contribution margin (home renovation and furnishing)                        30.7%               29.0%
Contribution/(Deficit) (home rental services)                              714,973            (63,297)
Contribution margin (home rental services)                                      5.0%              (1.0)%
Contribution (emerging and other services)                               2,149,483        2,079,434
Contribution margin (emerging and other services)                           86.0%               90.5%


Contribution margin demonstrates the margin that we generate after costs directly attributable to
the respective revenue streams, including existing home transaction services, new home transaction
services, home renovation and furnishing, home rental services, and emerging and other services.
Material costs are deducted from home renovation and furnishing. Property leasing costs are
deducted from home rental services. The costs and expenses related to the platform infrastructure
building and enhancement, including cost related to our Lianjia stores and the development cost
of our technological platform, which are not directly attributable to the respective revenue streams,
are not deducted from revenue when calculating contribution.


The contribution margin for existing home transaction services decreased from 47.2% in 2023 to
43.2% in 2024, primarily attributable to a higher fixed compensation costs for Lianjia agents as
percentage of net revenues from existing home transaction services, mainly driven by the increased
number of Lianjia agents and improved benefits for them.


The contribution margin for new home transaction services decreased to 24.8% in 2024 from 26.6%
in 2023, primarily as a result of a higher commission-split as percentage of net revenues from new
home transaction services paid to connected agents and other channels.


The contribution margin for home renovation and furnishing increased to 30.7% in 2024 from 29.0%
in 2023, primarily attributable to refined operation management, optimized product packages and
enhanced supply chain capabilities.




32       KE Holdings Inc.
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The contribution margin for home rental services was 5.0% in 2024, compared with negative 1.0% in
2023, primarily attributable to enhanced operational efficiency and optimized product model, which
optimized initial lease success and lease renewals rates, and reduced vacancy rates.


The contribution margin for our emerging and other services was 86.0% in 2024, compared with
90.5% in 2023.


Gross profit

Gross profit increased by 5.6% to RMB22.9 billion in 2024 from RMB21.7 billion in 2023. Gross margin
was 24.6% in 2024, compared to 27.9% in 2023, primarily due to a) a lower contribution ratio of net
revenues from existing home transaction services with a relatively higher margin than other revenue
streams; and b) a lower contribution margin of existing home transaction services led by the
increased fix compensation costs as percentage of net revenues from existing home transaction
services.


Income from operations

Total operating expenses increased by 13.3% to RMB19.2 billion in 2024 from RMB16.9 billion in 2023.


•     General and administrative expenses increased by 8.8% to RMB9.0 billion in 2024 from RMB8.2
      billion in 2023, mainly due to the increase in personnel costs.


•     Sales and marketing expenses increased by 17.0% to RMB7.8 billion in 2024 from RMB6.7 billion
      in 2023, mainly due to the increase in sales and marketing expenses for home renovation and
      furnishing business.


•     Research and development expenses increased by 17.9% to RMB2.3 billion in 2024 from
      RMB1.9 billion in 2023, primarily due to the increased headcount of research and development
      personnel and the increased technical service costs.


•     Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets was RMB152 million in
      2024, compared to RMB93 million in 2023, primarily attributable to the impairment of goodwill
      triggered by the market fluctuation and its impact on our operations.


Income from operations was RMB3,765 million in 2024, compared to RMB4,797 million in 2023.
Operating margin was 4.0% in 2024, compared to 6.2% in 2023, primarily due to a lower gross
margin partially offset by the improved operating leverage in 2024, compared to 2023.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024          33
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Income Tax Expense

We recorded an income tax expense of RMB2,792 million in 2024, compared to RMB1,994 million in
2023.


Net Income

Net income was RMB4,078 million in 2024, compared to RMB5,890 million in 2023.


Use of non-GAAP financial measures

The Company uses adjusted income (loss) from operations, adjusted net income (loss), adjusted
net income (loss) attributable to KE Holdings Inc.’s ordinary shareholders, adjusted operating
margin, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income (loss) per ADS attributable to KE Holdings Inc.’s
ordinary shareholders, each a non-GAAP financial measure, in evaluating its operating results
and for financial and operational decision-making purposes. Beike believes that these non-GAAP
financial measures help identify underlying trends in the Company’s business that could otherwise
be distorted by the effect of certain expenses that the Company includes in its net income (loss).
Beike also believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about
its results of operations, enhance the overall understanding of its past performance and future
prospects and allow for greater visibility with respect to key metrics used by its management in its
financial and operational decision-making. A limitation of using these non-GAAP financial measures
is that these non-GAAP financial measures exclude share-based compensation expenses that
have been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense in the
Company’s business.




34       KE Holdings Inc.
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or
construed as an alternative to gross profit, net income (loss) or any other measure of performance
or as an indicator of its operating performance. Investors are encouraged to review these non –
GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.
The non-GAAP financial measures presented here may not be comparable to similarly titled
measures presented by other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly titled measures
differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures to the Company’s data. Beike
encourages investors and others to review its financial information in its entirety and not rely on
a single financial measure. Adjusted income (loss) from operations is defined as income (loss)
from operations, excluding (i) share-based compensation expenses, (ii) amortization of intangible
assets resulting from acquisitions and business cooperation agreement, and (iii) impairment of
goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. Adjusted operating margin is defined as
adjusted income (loss) from operations as a percentage of net revenues. Adjusted net income
(loss) is defined as net income (loss), excluding (i) share-based compensation expenses, (ii)
amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions and business cooperation agreement,
(iii) changes in fair value from long-term investments, loan receivables measured at fair value
and contingent consideration, (iv) impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived
assets, (v) impairment of investments, and (vi) tax effects of the above non-GAAP adjustments.
Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to KE Holdings Inc.’s ordinary shareholders is defined as
net income (loss) attributable to KE Holdings Inc.’s ordinary shareholders, excluding (i) share –
based compensation expenses, (ii) amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions
and business cooperation agreement, (iii) changes in fair value from long-term investments, loan
receivables measured at fair value and contingent consideration, (iv) impairment of goodwill,
intangible assets and other long-lived assets, (v) impairment of investments, (vi) tax effects of the
above non-GAAP adjustments, and (vii) effects of non-GAAP adjustments on net income (loss)
attributable to non-controlling interests shareholders. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income
(loss), excluding (i) income tax expense (benefit), (ii) share-based compensation expenses, (iii)
amortization of intangible assets, (iv) depreciation of property and equipment, (v) interest income,
net, (vi) changes in fair value from long-term investments, loan receivables measured at fair value
and contingent consideration, (vii) impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived
assets, and (viii) impairment of investments.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024      35
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table presents a reconciliation of income from operations to adjusted income from
operations, net income to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA, and net income attributable
to KE Holdings Inc.’s ordinary shareholders to adjusted net income attributable to KE Holdings Inc.’s
ordinary shareholders for each of the periods indicated:


                                                                            For the Year
                                                                        Ended December 31,
                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                             RMB                 RMB
                                                                           (in thousands)

Income from operations                                                 3,764,967            4,797,070
Share-based compensation expenses                                       2,726,075           3,215,549
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from
 acquisitions and business cooperation agreement                         247,862              613,307
Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and other
 long-lived assets                                                        151,576              93,417
Adjusted income from operations                                        6,890,480            8,719,343
Net income                                                             4,078,180            5,889,604
Share-based compensation expenses                                       2,726,075           3,215,549
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions
 and business cooperation agreement                                      247,862              613,307
Changes in fair value from long-term investments,
 loan receivables measured at fair value and contingent
 consideration                                                             24,371             (26,315)
Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and
 other long-lived assets                                                  151,576              93,417
Impairment of investments                                                  9,408               39,169
Tax effects on non-GAAP adjustments                                      (26,399)             (26,243)
Adjusted net income                                                      7,211,073          9,798,488
Net income                                                             4,078,180            5,889,604
Income tax expense                                                      2,791,889            1,994,391
Share-based compensation expenses                                       2,726,075           3,215,549
Amortization of intangible assets                                        268,684              627,146
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            743,728              775,042
Interest income, net                                                   (1,260,163)          (1,263,332)
Changes in fair value from long-term investments,
 loan receivables measured at fair value and
 contingent consideration                                                  24,371             (26,315)
Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and other
 long-lived assets                                                        151,576              93,417
Impairment of investments                                                  9,408               39,169
Adjusted EBITDA                                                        9,533,748            11,344,671




36       KE Holdings Inc.
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                          RMB                  RMB
                                                                        (in thousands)

Net income attributable to KE Holdings Inc.’s
 ordinary shareholders                                              4,064,900            5,883,224
Share-based compensation expenses                                    2,726,075           3,215,549
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions
 and business cooperation agreement                                    247,862              613,307
Changes in fair value from long-term investments, loan
 receivables measured at fair value and contingent
 consideration                                                          24,371              (26,315)
Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and other
 long-lived assets                                                     151,576               93,417
Impairment of investments                                                9,408               39,169
Tax effects on non-GAAP adjustments                                    (26,399)             (26,243)
Effects of non-GAAP adjustments on net income attributable
 to non-controlling interests shareholders                                 (28)                (28)
Adjusted net income attributable to KE Holdings Inc.’s
 ordinary shareholders                                                7,197,765          9,792,080




                                                                       Annual Report 2024         37
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


DISCUSSION OF KEY BALANCE SHEET ITEMS
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Short-term Investments

Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments constitute our most liquid
assets. Short-term investments include bank time deposits and investments in wealth management
products issued by financial institutions. These products normally offer returns higher than bank
deposits, maintain relatively low risk, and provide sufficient liquidity as they are redeemable
upon short notice. We therefore consider such wealth management products part of our cash
management program.


The total amount increased from RMB60.1 billion as of December 31, 2023 to RMB61.6 billion as of
December 31, 2024, mainly provided by the cash from operating activities in 2024, partially offset by
the cash used in investing activities.


Accounts Receivable, Net of Allowance for Credit Losses

A significant portion of accounts receivable was due from real estate developers for our new home
transaction services. Our accounts receivable and contract assets, net of allowance for credit losses
increased from RMB3.2 billion as of December 31, 2023 to RMB5.5 billion as of December 31, 2024,
primarily due to the growth of net revenues from new home transaction services.


We serve real estate developers in our new home transaction services and grant them credit terms
relatively longer compared to individual and small brokerage firm clients in accordance with the
market practice. As such, we may face risks related to the collection of our accounts receivable
from real estate developers. In light of the liquidity concerns faced by certain real estate developers
started from 2021, we have been implementing various prudent measures such as “Commission in
Advance” model to ensure effective risk control and timely collection of accounts receivable. Our
collection of accounts receivable for new home transaction services amounted to RMB33.5 billion in
2023 and RMB33.4 billion in 2024, compared to the net revenue from new home transaction services
of RMB30.6 billion in 2023 and RMB33.7 billion in 2024. And we managed to reduce our accounts
receivable turnover days for new home transaction services to 52 days in 2024 from 55 days in
2023. The accounts receivable turnover days for existing home transaction services, where our
clients are individual housing customers and brokerage firms on our platform, were 6 days in 2023
and 7 days in 2024. We plan to continue to prudently manage our accounts receivable, in particular
with respect to new home transaction services.


Accounts receivable turnover days for a given period are equal to average balances of accounts
receivable at the beginning and the end of the period divided by total net revenues during the
period and multiplied by the number of days during the period.




38       KE Holdings Inc.
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Intangible Assets, Net

Our intangible assets net of accumulated amortization and impairment amounted to RMB1,067
million and RMB858 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The decrease in 2024
was primarily due to to the expiration of the business cooperation agreement.

Long-term Investments, Net

Our long-term investments amounted to RMB23.6 billion and RMB23.8 billion as of December 31, 2023
and 2024, respectively. The increase from December 31, 2023 to December 31, 2024 was mainly due
to an increase in wealth management products.

Goodwill

Our goodwill was RMB4,857 million and RMB4,777 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2024,
respectively. The decrease in 2024 was primarily due to the impairment of the goodwill related to
reporting units within the existing home transaction services segment and new home transaction
services segment in certain cities as a result of changes in local market conditions.

Prepayments, Receivables and Other Assets

The following table set forth the breakdown of this account as of the dates indicated.

                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                             RMB                   RMB
                                                                           (in thousands)
Current:
Prepaid rental and other deposits                                       1,552,279          1,625,026
Inventories of properties                                               1,090,661                   –
Other inventories                                                          519,215           304,208
Advances to suppliers                                                     692,542             574,170
VAT-input deductible                                                      637,686             707,416
Capitalized costs of obtaining contracts and prepaid
  initial direct costs                                                    551,461               338,811
Deposits paid to real estate developers                                   196,241              222,604
Investment guarantee deposit                                              153,577                    –
Deposit paid for acquisition of land used for properties
  development                                                             122,430                    –
Prepaid income tax                                                         64,163              177,560
Staff advances                                                             59,762               65,253
Receivable related to employees’ exercise of share-based
  awards                                                                  44,521                88,739
Interests receivable                                                      15,263                14,664
Receivables from escrow account                                            9,992                 6,676
Others                                                                   542,907               541,849
Total                                                                   6,252,700         4,666,976
Non-current:
Deferred tax asset                                                       1,005,127             1,113,692
VAT-input deductible                                                       194,818               192,991
Prepayment for land use right                                                    –              154,575
Others                                                                      22,332                 11,783
Total                                                                    1,222,277         1,473,041



                                                                          Annual Report 2024           39
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Deposits paid to real estate developers represent the earnest deposits we pay to developers for
new home sales, and will be collected back after we meet our service commitment. We implement
stringent selection process for the real estate projects for which we provide marketing services,
and will only agree to make earnest deposits for those we are confident in meeting our sales
commitment. Inventories of properties represent the cost incurred for properties development in
Chengdu under the Group’s Beihaojia business.


Accounts Payable

The accounts payable increased from RMB6,329 million as of December 31, 2023 to RMB9,493 million
as of December 31, 2024, which was in line with the revenues from new home transaction services
and home renovation and furnishing.


Short-term Borrowings

As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, our short-term borrowings were RMB290 million and RMB288
million, respectively. The total balance of short-term loans as of December 31, 2024 mainly includes
two bank loans in January 2024 with fixed loan interest rates of 3.00%, as well as two bank loans in
May and June 2024 with fixed loan interest rates of 2.83%.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods presented:


                                                                 For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                            RMB                 RMB
                                                                          (in thousands)

Selected Consolidated Cash Flow Data
Net cash provided by operating activities                              9,447,137           11,414,244
Net cash used in investing activities                                 (9,378,025)       (3,977,440)
Net cash used in financing activities                                 (5,794,635)          (7,218,210)
Effect of exchange rate change on cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash                                   169,476             44,608
Net increase (decrease) in cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash                                (5,556,047)           263,202
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
  the beginning of the year                                           25,857,461        25,594,259
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
  the end of the year                                                 20,301,414        25,857,461




40       KE Holdings Inc.
                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


To date, we have financed our operating and investing activities through cash flows from operations
and cash provided by historical equity and debt financing activities. As of December 31, 2023 and
2024, our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments were RMB60.1 billion
and RMB61.6 billion, respectively. Our cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of cash on hand,
demand deposits and highly liquid investments placed with banks or other financial institutions with
original maturities of less than three months. Our restricted cash are primarily pledged for bank
borrowings, and escrow payments collected from the property buyers on behalf of and payable to
the property sellers.


We believe that our cash balance and expected net cash inflows will be sufficient to meet our
current and anticipated working capital requirements and capital expenditures for an extended
period of time. We may, however, need additional cash resources in the future if we experience
changes in business conditions or other developments. We may also need additional cash
resources in the future if we identify and wish to pursue opportunities for investment, acquisition,
capital expenditure or similar actions.


Substantially all of our revenues have been, and we expect they are likely to continue to be,
denominated in Renminbi. Under the existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current
account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and trade and service-related
foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior the State
Administration of Foreign Exchange (國家外匯管理局) (“SAFE”) approval as long as certain routine
procedural requirements are fulfilled. Therefore, our PRC subsidiaries are allowed to pay dividends
in foreign currencies to us without prior SAFE approval by following certain routine procedural
requirements. However, current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us
only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting
standards and regulations. Our PRC subsidiaries are required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax
profits after making up previous years’ accumulated losses each year, if any, to fund certain reserve
funds until the total amount set aside reaches 50% of its registered capital. These reserves are not
distributable as cash dividends. Historically, our PRC subsidiaries have not paid dividends to us, and
they will not be able to pay dividends until they generate accumulated profits. Furthermore, capital
account transactions, which include foreign direct investment and loans, must be approved by and/
or registered with SAFE, its local branches and certain local banks.


As a Cayman Islands exempted company and offshore holding company, we are permitted under
PRC laws and regulations to provide funding to our PRC subsidiaries only through loans or capital
contributions, subject to the approval or registration of government authorities and limits on the
amount of capital contributions and loans. This may delay us from using the proceeds from our
initial public offering in July 2020 and our ADSs offering in November 2020 to make loans or capital
contributions to our PRC subsidiaries.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024        41
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Operating Activities

Net cash generated from operating activities in 2024 was RMB9.4 billion. The difference between net
cash generated from operating activities and net income of RMB4,078 million in 2024 was the result
of adding back RMB3,681 million for adjustments of non-cash items, adding back RMB16 million for
dividend received from equity method investments and removing RMB253 million of investment and
interest income, which are by nature investing activities, and adding RMB1,925 million released from
working capital.


The adjustment of non-cash items primarily consisted of RMB2,726 million in share-based
compensation expenses, RMB744 million in depreciation expenses, RMB269 million in amortization of
intangible assets, and RMB313 million in fair value changes in investments.


The additional cash released from working capital was the result of a RMB2,457 million increase
in accounts payable, a RMB4,674 million increase in lease liabilities, a RMB1,387 million increase in
contract liabilities, and a RMB1,093 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities,
partially offset by a RMB5,599 million increase in right-of-use assets, a RMB2,410 million increase
in accounts receivable and contract assets, and a RMB270 million increase in prepayments,
receivables and other assets.


Net cash generated from operating activities in 2023 was RMB11.4 billion. The difference between net
cash generated from operating activities and net income of RMB5,890 million in 2023 was the result
of adding back RMB4,848 million for adjustments of non-cash items, adding back RMB15 million for
dividend received from equity method investments and removing RMB1,413 million of investment
and interest income, which are by nature investing activities, and adding RMB2,075 million released
from working capital.


The adjustment of non-cash items primarily consisted of RMB3,216 million in share-based
compensation expenses, RMB775 million in depreciation expenses, RMB29 million in impairment loss
for equity investments accounted for using measurement alternative, RMB627 million in amortization
of intangible assets, and RMB78 million in fair value changes in investments.


The additional cash released from working capital was the result of a RMB835 million decrease in
accounts receivable, a RMB6,123 million increase in lease liabilities, a RMB1,405 million increase in
contract liabilities, and a RMB1,548 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities,
partially offset by a RMB6,334 million increase in right-of-use assets, a RMB883 million increase
in prepayments, receivables and other assets, and a RMB1,220 million decrease in employee
compensation and welfare payable.




42       KE Holdings Inc.
                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities in 2024 was RMB9.4 billion, consisting primarily of (i) RMB33.3
billion used to purchase other short-term investments, offset by RMB42.6 billion maturities of other
short-term investments, (ii) RMB58.1 billion of financing receivables originated, offset by RMB56.6
billion of financing receivables principal collected, (iii) RMB3.9 billion of purchases of other long-term
investments, and (iv) RMB24.0 billion used to purchase time deposits and held-to-maturity debt
investments, offset by RMB12.1 billion of maturities of time deposits and held-to-maturity debt
investments.


Net cash used in investing activities in 2023 was RMB4.0 billion, consisting primarily of (i) RMB38.9
billion used to purchase other short-term investments, offset by RMB41.5 billion maturities of other
short-term investments, (ii) RMB27.8 billion of financing receivables originated, offset by RMB27.1
billion of financing receivables principal collected, (iii) RMB1.2 billion of purchases of other long-term
investments, and (iv) RMB14.5 billion used to purchase time deposits and held-to-maturity debt
investments, offset by RMB8.9 billion of maturities of time deposits and held-to-maturity debt
investments and RMB1.4 billion of sales of available-for-sale debt investments.


Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities in 2024 was RMB5,795 million, consisting primarily of (i) RMB5,101
million of repurchase of ordinary shares, and (ii) RMB2,831 million of dividend payment, partially
offset by a RMB2,140 million increase in customer deposits payable and payable related to escrow
accounts services.


Net cash used in financing activities in 2023 was RMB7,218 million, consisting primarily of (i)
RMB5,151 million of repurchase of ordinary shares, (ii) RMB756 million of repayments of short – term
borrowings, and (iii) RMB1,431 million of dividend payment, partially offset by RMB427 million of
proceeds from short-term borrowings.


Capital Expenditures

Our capital expenditures were RMB874 million in 2023 and RMB1,037 million in 2024. In 2023 and
2024, our capital expenditures primarily represent cash paid for purchase of property, plant and
equipment, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. We funded our capital expenditures
primarily with net cash flows generated from operating activities.


Material Cash Requirements

Our material cash requirements as of December 31, 2024 and any subsequent period primarily
include our capital expenditures and contractual obligations. We intend to fund our material cash
requirements with our cash balance and expected net cash inflows. We will continue to make cash
commitments, including capital expenditures, to meet the expected growth of our business.




                                                                              Annual Report 2024       43
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth our material contractual obligations as of December 31, 2024.


                                                             Less than         1–3           3–5      More than
                                                    Total       1 year       years          years       5 years
                                                                     (RMB in thousands)

Operating lease and other commitments            1,220,647     378,922     636,286         167,076       38,363
Lease liability obligations                     22,981,967   13,860,129   7,062,050       1,361,944     697,844


As of December 31, 2024, our operating lease and other commitments were comprised of 1) RMB946
million in operating lease commitments; 2) RMB272 million in capital commitment; and 3) RMB3
million in obligation to purchase services.


Except for commitments as disclosed above and financial guarantees as discussed in section
below, we did not have any other long-term obligations or material guarantees as of December 31,
2024.


Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We provide financial guarantees through our subsidiaries for loans that we facilitate for certain
financial partners or individual lenders. We are obligated to compensate the lenders for the
principal and interest payment in the event of the borrowers’ default. Therefore, we effectively
provide guarantees to lenders against the credit risk.


Other than the above, we have not entered into any other commitments to guarantee the payment
obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed
to our shares and classified as shareholder’s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated
financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets
transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such
entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing,
liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or product development
services with us.


Contingent liabilities

From time to time, the Group is involved in claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary
course of business.




44          KE Holdings Inc.
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On December 30, 2021, the Company and certain of its current officers and Directors were named as
defendants in a putative securities class action filed in federal court, captioned Chin v. KE Holdings
Inc. et al., No. 1:21-cv-11196 (U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York). For further details
of this action, please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Material Litigation” and
Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein. The Company has accrued for
the potential damages in connection with this action as of December 31, 2024.


Except for the above, we did not have any material contingent liabilities.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT AND MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
The wealth management product that we subscribed for during the Reporting Period, which
constituted discloseable transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules as disclosed in the
relevant announcement, is set out below:


Sunshine Jinfengli Zhenxiang No. C040 (陽光金豐利臻享 C040 期) in the principal amount of RMB1.2
billion with Everbright Wealth Management Co., Ltd. on February 20, 2024 (redeemed on August 20,
2024). For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated February 20,
2024.


Save as disclosed herein, we did not have any significant investment or material acquisition or
disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the Reporting Period.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS
As of December 31, 2024, no property, plant and equipment was pledged.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
We did not have detailed future plans for significant investments or capital assets as of December
31, 2024.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2024         45
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


GEARING RATIO
As of December 31, 2024, our gearing ratio (i.e., total liabilities divided by total assets, in percentage)
was 46.3% (as of December 31, 2023: 40.0%).


FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK
Substantially all of our revenues and expenses are denominated in RMB. We do not believe that
we currently have any significant direct foreign exchange risk. Although our exposure to foreign
exchange risks should be limited in general, the value of your investment will be affected by the
exchange rate between U.S. dollar and Renminbi.


Historically, the Renminbi has fluctuated against the U.S. dollars at times significantly and
unpredictably. The depreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollars was approximately 2.8%
in the year ended December 31, 2024. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S.
government policy may impact the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollars in the
future.


To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation
of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi amounts
we receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert Renminbi into U.S. dollars for
the purpose of making payments for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs or for other
business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Renminbi would have a negative
effect on the U.S. dollar amounts available to us.


INTEREST RATE RISK
We may invest the net proceeds that we receive from our offshore offerings in interest-earning
instruments. Fixed-rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due to a
rise in interest rates, therefore our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to
changes in interest rates, or we may suffer losses in principal if we have to sell securities which have
declined in market value due to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2024, our exposure to
such interest rate risk is mainly from RMB3.3 billion of wealth management products in short-term
investments and RMB0.4 billion of wealth management products in long-term investments. We have
not been, and do not expect to be, exposed to material interest rate risks relating to our investment
in short-term and long-term instruments.




46        KE Holdings Inc.
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION
As of December 31, 2024, we had a total of 135,072 employees. The following table sets forth the total
number of employees categorized by function as of December 31, 2024:


                                                                                          Number of
Function                                                                                 employees

Agents and supporting staff                                                                     108,609
Platform operations                                                                               6,314
Research and development                                                                          2,226
Business development, sales and marketing                                                        6,758
Administration and management                                                                     11,165
Total                                                                                           135,072


We believe that we offer our employees competitive compensation packages and an environment
that encourages self-development and, as a result, have generally been able to attract and retain
qualified personnel and maintain a stable core management team.


As required by regulations in China, we participate in various employee social security plans that are
organized by municipal and provincial governments, including pension, unemployment insurance,
childbirth insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance and housing provident fund.
During the Reporting Period, no forfeited contributions had been used by the Group to reduce the
existing level of contributions in connection with the defined contribution plan operated by local
governments. In addition to the required social security plans, we also offer bonuses to employees
to encourage higher performance quality. Bonuses are generally discretionary and based in part on
employee performance and in part on the overall performance of our business. We have granted,
and plan to continue to grant, share-based incentive awards to our employees in the future to
incentivize their contributions to our growth and development.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024         47
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Our Board consists of eight Directors, including four executive Directors, one non-executive Director
and three independent non-executive Directors. The following table provides certain information
about our Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date:


Name                        Age        Position

Yongdong Peng               45         Co-founder, Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and
  (彭永東)                                  Chief Executive Officer
Yigang Shan                 52         Co-founder and Executive Director
  (單一剛)
Wangang Xu                  59         Vice Chairman of the Board and Executive Director
  (徐萬剛)
Tao Xu                      51         Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
  (徐濤)
Jeffrey Zhaohui Li          49         Non-executive Director
  (李朝暉)
Xiaohong Chen               55         Independent Non-executive Director
  (陳小紅)
Hansong Zhu                 55         Independent Non-executive Director
  (朱寒松)
Jun Wu                      56         Independent Non-executive Director
  (武軍)

FOUNDER AND PERMANENT CHAIRMAN EMERITUS
Hui Zuo (左暉), our founder and permanent chairman emeritus, was a pioneer and visionary and
respected leader in China’s housing transactions and services industry. Through his vision and
leadership, we have gained tremendous amount of industry and operational know-hows through
over 20 years of execution excellence, and evolved into the leading platform we are today. During
his chairman capacity, Mr. Zuo, together with Beike’s co-founders, Mr. Yongdong Peng and Mr.
Yigang Shan, had led our senior management to execute his strong vision to build and launch
our Beike platform, pioneer the creation of ACN, continuously invest in talents and technologies,
and proactively address industry-wide issues to achieve our continued growth and success.
Honored as permanent chairman emeritus, Mr. Zuo’s values and beliefs have been imprinted in our
core DNA, strengthening the commitment of our management team and leading our self-driven
transformations along the journey ahead.


Mr. Zuo served as our chairman since he founded Beijing Lianjia in 2001. In addition, Mr. Zuo held
positions in various social organizations, such as the vice president of China Institute of Real
Estate Appraisers and Agents since 2013, the vice president of the China Real Estate Chamber
of Commerce since 2016, and a standing member of the 12th Executive Committee of All-China
Federation of Industry and Commerce since 2017.




48       KE Holdings Inc.
                                          DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Yongdong Peng (彭永東), aged 45, is the co-founder, the chairman of the Board, an executive
Director and the chief executive officer of the Company.


Mr. Peng co-founded Beike with Mr. Zuo and Mr. Yigang Shan and has been serving as the chairman
of the Board since May 2021 and an executive Director since December 2018. Mr. Peng has been
the chief executive officer of Lianjia.com (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. (鏈家網(北京)科技有限公司)
(currently known as Beike Zhaofang (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. (貝殼找房(北京)科技有限公司)), a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company since April 2017. Mr. Peng successively served as the vice
general manager and general manager of Beijing Lianjia from January 2010 to March 2025.


Mr. Peng has accumulated extensive experience in technology and strategic consulting. Prior to
joining the Group, Mr. Peng served as a senior consultant of strategy and revolution at IBM China
Company Limited (國際商業機器(中國)有限公司) from July 2006 to January 2010. He acted as a senior
manager at E-Power (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. (伊博電源(杭州)有限公司) from August 2001 to March 2003.


Mr. Peng received a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering and automation from Zhejiang
University (浙江大學) in June 2001 and an IMBA degree from Tsinghua University (清華大學) in July
2006 (a joint program by Tsinghua University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology).


Yigang Shan (單一剛), aged 52, is the co-founder and an executive Director of the Company.


Mr. Shan co-founded Beike with Mr. Zuo and Mr. Yongdong Peng. Mr. Shan has been serving as an
executive Director of the Company since July 2018. He served as a director of Beijing Lianjia from
December 2007 to September 2021 and has been deeply involved in all strategic decisions of Beijing
Lianjia in its early development stage, which lays the foundation for the Group. Mr. Shan has served
as a director of Ziroom Inc. since December 2017, and an independent non-executive director of
Keep Inc., a company listed on the Stock Exchange with the stock code 3650, since July 2023.


Mr. Shan has accumulated a deep understanding and experience in the real estate brokerage
industry as a veteran and pioneer in the industry. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Shan was a
co-founder and served as the vice president of Dalian Haowangjiao Real Estate Brokerage Co., Ltd.
(大連好旺角房屋經紀有限公司), a China-based company engaged in real estate brokerage business,
from December 1999 to November 2007.


Mr. Shan received an EMBA degree from Tsinghua University in January 2019.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024      49
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Wangang Xu (徐萬剛), aged 59, is the vice chairman of the Board and an executive Director of the
Company.


Mr. Wangang Xu has been serving as the vice chairman of the Board since July 2023 and an
executive Director since May 2021, and also served as a Director from December 2018 to August
2020. He successively served as the co-chief operating officer and chief operating officer of the
Company from May 2018 to July 2023. From July 2017 to May 2018, Mr. Wangang Xu served as the
head of the western region of the Group and was responsible for the overall operation management
of the western region of the Company. From December 2015 to June 2017, Mr. Wangang Xu served
as the general manager of Sichuan Lianjia Real Estate Brokerage Co., Ltd. (四川鏈家房地產經紀有限
公司) (“Sichuan Lianjia”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Wangang Xu founded
Sichuan Eden City Real Estate E-Commerce Co., Ltd. (四川伊甸城房產電子商務有限公司) in August 2004
which was deregistered in March 2014 and Sichuan Eden City Real Estate Brokerage Co., Ltd. (四川伊
甸城不動產經紀有限公司) in December 2009 and served as the general manager, the latter of which
was renamed as Sichuan Yicheng Real Estate Brokerage Co., Ltd. (四川伊誠房地產經紀有限公司) in April
2011, and was subsequently acquired by Beijing Lianjia in December 2015 and renamed as Sichuan
Lianjia. Mr. Wangang Xu served as a manager of Chengdu Chengdian Wantong Investment Co., Ltd.
(成都成電萬通投資有限公司) from September 2001 to September 2004. Mr. Wangang Xu successively
served as a staff member and manager in technology R&D department of No. 10 Research Institute
of Ministry of Electronics Industries (電子工業部第十研究所) (currently known as China Electronics
Technology Group Corporation No. 10 Research Institute (中國電子科技集團公司第十研究所)) from
September 1986 to August 2001.


Mr. Wangang Xu received a bachelor’s degree in electronic engineering from Chengdu Institute
of Radio Engineering (成都電訊工程學院, currently known as University of Electronic Science and
Technology (電子科技大學)) in July 1986.




50      KE Holdings Inc.
                                          DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Tao Xu (徐濤), aged 51, is an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company.


Mr. Tao Xu has been serving as an executive Director since August 2021 and also served as a
Director from December 2018 to August 2020. Mr. Tao Xu has been the chief financial officer of Beike
since November 2016. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tao Xu served as the chief financial officer of
Beijing SenseTime Technology Development Co., Ltd. (北京市商湯科技開發有限公司) from June 2016
to October 2016. From August 2014 to December 2015, Mr. Tao Xu served as the chief financial
officer of Beijing Didi Infinity Technology and Development Co., Ltd. (北京嘀嘀無限科技發展有限公
司). From September 2011 to July 2014, Mr. Tao Xu served as the chief financial officer of the China
Region of Dimension Data Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (達科信息科技(北京)有限公司).
From April 2008 to February 2011, Mr. Tao Xu served as the financial director of China Region of Sun
Microsystems China Co., Ltd. (太陽計算機系統(中國)有限公司). From May 2001 to March 2008, Mr. Tao
Xu successively served as the financial director of Greater China and the chief financial officer at
Lucent Technology (China) Co., Ltd. (朗訊科技(中國)有限公司). From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Tao Xu served as
the financial manager of Beijing Sohu Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. (北京搜狐互聯網信息服務有
限公司). Prior to that, Mr. Tao Xu worked at Pepsi.


Mr. Tao Xu received his bachelor’s degree in economics from Capital University of Economics
and Business (首都經濟貿易大學) in July 1996 and a master’s degree of commerce in international
professional accounting from the University of New South Wales in October 2005.


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Jeffrey Zhaohui Li (李朝暉), aged 49, is a non-executive Director of the Company.


Mr. Jeffrey Zhaohui Li has been serving as a Director since December 2018 and was re-designated
as a non-executive Director in May 2022. Mr. Jeffrey Zhaohui Li joined Tencent in March 2011, and
currently serves as the vice president and the head of investment department at Tencent, and as
the managing partner of Tencent Investment. He was an investment principal at Bertelsmann Asia
Investment Fund from September 2008 to May 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Jeffrey Zhaohui Li held various
positions related to product and business in Google and Nokia.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024      51
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Jeffrey Zhaohui Li also holds or held directorships at various other public companies. Mr. Jeffrey
Zhaohui Li has been a director of Kuaishou Technology, a company listed on the Stock Exchange
with the stock code 1024, since March 2017. He has been a director of Zhihu Inc., a company listed on
the NYSE under the symbol “ZH” and the Stock Exchange with the stock code 2390, since September
2015. Mr. Jeffrey Zhaohui Li served as a director of Fenbi Ltd., a company listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange with the stock code 2469, from December 2020 to March 2023, a director of Howbuy
Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (好買財富管理股份有限公司), a company listed on the National Equities
Exchange and Quotations (全國中小企業股份轉讓系統) with stock code 834418, from December 2013
to August 2022, and a director of Missfresh Limited, a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market
(“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “MF,” from June 2017 to November 2021.


Mr. Jeffrey Zhaohui Li received a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in enterprise
management from Peking University (北京大學) in July 1998 and an MBA degree from Duke University
Fuqua School of Business in May 2004.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Xiaohong Chen (陳小紅), aged 55, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company.


Ms. Xiaohong Chen has been serving as an independent Director of the Company since August
2020 and was re-designated as an independent non-executive Director in May 2022. She has been
serving as the founding and managing partner of H Capital since March 2014. Before founding H
Capital, Ms. Xiaohong Chen served as a managing director at Tiger Global from September 2004
to February 2012, responsible for its investment activities in China. Ms. Xiaohong Chen served as a
vice president of Joyo.com from February 2004 to September 2004. Ms. Xiaohong Chen worked at
Veronis Suhler Stevenson from July 1994 to February 2004, where she lastly served as a managing
director.


Ms. Xiaohong Chen received a bachelor’s degree in history from Peking University in July 1992 and a
master’s degree in library service from Rutgers University in May 1994.




52          KE Holdings Inc.
                                          DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Hansong Zhu (朱寒松), aged 55, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company.


Mr. Hansong Zhu has been serving as an independent Director of the Company since August 2021
and was re-designated as an independent non-executive Director in May 2022. Mr. Hansong Zhu
founded Seekers Capital (Jiangyin) Co., Ltd. (江陰霞客私募基金管理有限公司) in March 2022 and
currently serves as its chairman and general manager. Mr. Hansong Zhu worked for Goldman Sachs
Group Inc. (“Goldman Sachs”) from June 2000 to December 2019 and successively served several
positions, including associate, executive director, managing director and partner. Before retiring
from Goldman Sachs in December 2019, Mr. Hansong Zhu was the co-head of China Investment
Banking, the head of industrial and natural resources group in Asia Ex-Japan, the chief executive
officer of Goldman Sachs Gao Hua Securities Company Limited, and a member of the Asia
Pacific Commitments Committee and Investment Banking Division Client and Business Standards
Committee of Goldman Sachs. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Mr. Hansong Zhu worked at China
International Capital Corporation Limited from November 1995 to June 2000. Mr. Hansong Zhu has
been an independent non-executive director of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited, a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with the stock code 175, since October 2023. He served
as an independent director of Kidswant Children Products Co., Ltd. (孩子王兒童用品股份有限公司), a
company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with the stock code 301078, from March 2020 to
May 2022, and Missfresh Limited, a company listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol “MF,” from June
2021 to September 2022.


Mr. Hansong Zhu received a bachelor’s degree in economics from Nanjing University (南京大學) in
July 1991 and a master’s degree in economics from Peking University in July 1994.


Jun Wu (武軍), aged 56, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company.


Mr. Jun Wu has been serving as an independent Director of the Company since March 2022 and
was re-designated as an independent non-executive Director in May 2022. Mr. Jun Wu is the
founder and has been serving as the chairman of the board of Beijing Radium Lab Technology Co.,
Ltd. (北京鐳場景科技有限公司) since February 2018. He is a co-founder of Beijing Wisdon Technology
Co., Ltd. (北京市萬智生科技有限公司) where he joined in March 2017. Mr. Jun Wu has also been serving
as a non-independent director of Unilumin Group Co., Ltd. (深圳市洲明科技股份有限公司), a company
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with the stock code 300232, since May 2022. Mr. Jun Wu has
served as the president of digital energy and intelligent computing group of iSoftStone Information
Technology (Group) Co., Ltd. (軟通動力信息技術(集團)股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange with the stock code 301236, since April 2024.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024    53
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


From August 2010 to May 2017, Mr. Jun Wu held various positions, including chief executive officer,
chief financial officer and executive vice president, at AsiaInfo Holdings, LLC (formerly known as
AsiaInfo-Linkage, Inc., a provider of telecommunication software solutions and services in China
that was listed on the Nasdaq from 2000 to 2014). From February 2008 to August 2010, he served
as the chief financial officer of iSoftStone Information Technology (Group) Co., Ltd. Prior to that,
Mr. Jun Wu served as a vice president in the finance department at Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
(華為技術有限公司) from May 2006 to February 2008. From April 1997 to June 2005, he worked for
Lucent Technology (China) Co., Ltd. (朗訊科技(中國)有限公司) and held various positions, lastly as
the chief financial officer in the Greater China area. From August 1995 to November 1996, he was
an accountant at the Beijing Representative Office of SAP AG and subsequently at SAP (Beijing)
Software System Co., Ltd (SAP (北京)軟件系統有限公司). Prior to that, Mr. Jun Wu held certain financial
management positions, including the management accountant, sales routine supervisor and
logistics assistant manager, at Wall’s China Co., Ltd. (和路雪(中國)有限公司) from January 1991 to April
1995.


Mr. Jun Wu graduated from the University of International Business and Economics (對外經濟貿易大學)
with a diploma majoring in international accounting in July 1989. He received a master’s degree in
business administration from City University of Seattle in June 1999.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Our senior management is responsible for the day-to-day management of our business. The
following table sets out certain information in respect of the senior management of the Group
during the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date:


Name                        Age         Position

Yongdong Peng               45          Co-founder, Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and
  (彭永東)                                   Chief Executive Officer
Yigang Shan                 52          Co-founder and Executive Director
  (單一剛)
Wangang Xu                  59          Vice Chairman of the Board and Executive Director
  (徐萬剛)
Tao Xu                      51          Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
  (徐濤)




54       KE Holdings Inc.
                                          DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Yongdong Peng (彭永東), aged 45, is the co-founder, the chairman of the Board, an executive
Director and the chief executive officer of the Company. For further details, please refer to the
section headed “－Executive Directors” above.


Yigang Shan (單一剛), aged 52, is the co-founder and an executive Director of the Company. For
further details, please refer to the section headed “－Executive Directors” above.


Wangang Xu (徐萬剛), aged 59, is the vice chairman of the Board and an executive Director. For
further details, please refer to the section headed “－Executive Directors” above.


Tao Xu (徐濤), aged 51, is an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company. For
further details, please refer to the section headed “－Executive Directors” above.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Siting Li (李思婷), the joint company secretary and the director of the investor relationship
department of the Company, joined the Company in June 2018. Prior to joining the Company, she
lastly served as the senior investment manager at Nanshan Group Capital Investment Co., Ltd.(南
山集團資本投資有限公司) from 2013 to 2018. She also has experiences in strategy and management
consulting.


Ms. Li obtained a master’s degree from The London School of Economics and Political Science.


Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華) has been appointed as one of our joint company secretaries with effect from
the Listing Date.


Ms. Lau is a director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services
provider specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Lau has over 20
years of experience in the corporate secretarial field. She has been providing professional corporate
services to Hong Kong listed companies as well as multinational, private and offshore companies.


Ms. Lau currently serves as the company secretary/joint company secretary in several listed
companies on the Stock Exchange, namely, BAIOO Family Interactive Limited (stock code: 2100),
Meituan (stock code: 3690), Transmit Entertainment Limited (stock code: 1326), Everest Medicines
Limited (stock code: 1952), Li Auto Inc. (stock code: 2015), Zhihu Inc. (stock code: 2390), i-CABLE
Communications Limited (stock code: 1097) and RoboSense Technology Co., Ltd. (stock code: 2498).


Ms. Lau is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and an Associate of both The
Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered
Secretaries) and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom. Ms. Lau obtained her
bachelor of business administrative management from the University of South Australia.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      55
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE
13.51B(1) OF THE LISTING RULES
Changes in Directors’ information are set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
since the disclosure made in the 2024 Interim Report of the Company dated September 13, 2024 and
up to the Latest Practicable Date:


Name of Director            Details of Changes

Mr. Yongdong Peng           Mr. Peng ceased to be the general manager of Beijing Lianjia from March
                            2025.

Mr. Jun Wu has entered into a director service agreement with the Company on March 29, 2025
to extend the previous director service agreement for an additional term of one year, with the
provisions (including the extension for additional term) of which were substantially the same as the
previous director service agreement. There is no change to his emoluments pursuant to the director
service agreement.


Save for the information disclosed herein, there has been no change to the information of the
Directors which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules as of the
Latest Practicable Date.




56       KE Holdings Inc.
                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Board is pleased to present this Report of Directors, together with the consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the “Consolidated Financial
Statements”).


GENERAL INFORMATION
The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 6, 2018 as an exempted limited
liability company under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Class A ordinary shares of the
Company were listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since May 11, 2022 under
the stock code 2423. The Company’s ADSs have been listed and traded on the NYSE since August 13,
2020 under the symbol “BEKE.”


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
KE Holdings Inc. is a leading integrated online and offline platform for housing transactions and
services. The Company is a pioneer in building infrastructure and standards to reinvent how service
providers and housing customers efficiently navigate and complete housing transactions in China,
ranging from existing and new home sales, home rentals, to home renovation and furnishing, and
other services. The Company owns and operates Lianjia , China’s leading real estate brokerage
brand in respect of service quality and an integral part of its Beike platform. With more than 23
years of operating experience through Lianjia since its inception in 2001, the Company believes
the success and proven track record of Lianjia pave the way for it to build its infrastructure and
standards and drive the rapid and sustainable growth of Beike.


BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review and business outlook of the Group is set out in the sections headed “Business
Overview” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Our business involves certain risks as set out in the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Listing
Document and the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the
SEC. The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties Group faces, some of
which are beyond the Company’s control.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      57
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

•     Our business is susceptible to fluctuations in China’s housing related industry.


•     Our business is subject to government regulations and policies guiding China’s economy in
      general and, specifically, on existing and new home sales and home rentals.


•     If we are unable to continue to provide satisfactory experience to customers, our business
      and reputation may be materially and adversely affected.


•     We may not succeed in continuing to maintain, protect and strengthen our brands, and
      any negative publicity about us, our business, our management, our business partners or
      the housing related industry in general may materially and adversely affect our reputation,
      business, results of operations and growth.


•     If our platform is unable to continue to offer comprehensive authentic property listings, our
      business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely
      affected.


•     We have a limited operating history under our platform business model, and our historical
      growth and performance may not be indicative of our future growth and financial results.


•     Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with the anti-monopoly and competition laws
      and regulations in the PRC may result in governmental investigations, enforcement actions,
      litigation or claims against us and could have an adverse effect on business, reputation,
      results of operations and financial condition.


•     Our business generates and processes a large amount of data and is subject to various
      evolving PRC laws and regulations regarding cybersecurity and data privacy. Failure of
      cybersecurity and data privacy concerns could subject us to significant reputational, financial,
      legal and operational consequences, and deter current and potential customers from using
      our services.


•     We cannot guarantee that our monetization strategies will be successfully implemented or
      generate sustainable revenues and profit.


•     We incurred net losses in the past, and we may not be able to remain profitable or increase
      profitability in the future.


•     Our business is sensitive to economic conditions. A severe or prolonged downturn in the
      global or Chinese economy could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
      condition and operating results.




58       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure

•     KE Holdings Inc. is not an operating company in China but a Cayman Islands holding
      company with no material operations of its own and does not have a majority of equity
      ownership in the VIEs. We conduct our operations primarily through (i) our PRC subsidiaries
      and (ii) the VIEs, with which we maintain Contractual Arrangements. Investors in our ADSs
      thus are not purchasing equity interest in the VIEs in China but instead are purchasing equity
      interest in KE Holdings Inc., a Cayman Islands holding company. If the PRC government finds
      that the agreements that establish the structure for operating our business do not comply
      with PRC laws and regulations, or if these regulations or their interpretations change in the
      future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in
      those operations. Our holding company in the Cayman Islands, the VIEs and investors of our
      company face uncertainty about potential future actions by the PRC government that could
      affect the enforceability of the Contractual Arrangements with the VIEs and, consequently,
      significantly affect the financial performance of the VIEs and the Company as a group.


•     We rely on Contractual Arrangements with the VIEs and their shareholders to direct activities
      of the VIEs that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIEs and receive
      economic benefits from the VIEs that could be significant to the VIEs, which may not be as
      effective as direct ownership in providing operational control.


•     Any failure by the VIEs or their shareholders to perform their obligations under our Contractual
      Arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on part of our business.


Risks Related to Doing Business in China

•     Changes in China’s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have
      a material adverse effect on our business and operations.


•     Evolvements of the PRC legal system, including risks that rules and regulations can change
      quickly with little advance notice and the enforcement practice of rules and regulations
      may vary, could result in uncertainties that could have a material adverse change in our
      operations and the value of our ADSs.


•     The PRC government’s oversight and discretion over our business operations could result in
      a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our securities. The Chinese
      government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more control
      over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and
      has implemented, and may continue to implement, regulatory requirements. Our failure to
      meet such requirements could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value
      of our securities.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      59
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•    Filings, approvals or other administration requirements of the China Securities Regulatory
     Commission (中國證券監督管理委員會), the Cyberspace Administration of China (中華人民共和
     國國家互聯網信息辦公室) or other PRC governmental authorities may be required in connection
     with our future offshore offerings under PRC law. Any actions by the Chinese government to
     exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign
     investment in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
     to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to
     significantly decline or be worthless.


•    The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”) had historically been unable
     to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work performed for our financial statements
     and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections over our auditor in the past has
     deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections.


•    Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the Holding Foreign
     Companies Accountable Act (the “HFCAA”) in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect
     or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs, or the threat
     of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. In
     May 2022, in connection with its implementation of the HFCAA, the SEC conclusively named
     the Company as a “Commission-Identified Issuer” following the filing of the Company’s 2021
     Form 20-F. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB removed mainland China and Hong Kong from
     the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered
     public accounting firms. As of the Latest Practicable Date, the PCAOB has not issued any
     new determination that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public
     accounting firms headquartered in any jurisdiction. For this reason, we were not identified as
     a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we filed our annual report on Form 20-F
     for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or 2023 and do not expect to be so identified after
     we file our annual report on Form 20-F.


•    You may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign
     judgments or bringing actions against us or our Directors and officers named in the annual
     report based on foreign laws. Substantially all of our officers and Directors are located in
     China, and it may be difficult to enforce liabilities and enforce judgments on those individuals.




60      KE Holdings Inc.
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Risks Related to Our Shares and ADSs

•     The trading price of the ADSs and Class A ordinary shares may be volatile, which could result
      in substantial losses to investors.


•     Our dual-class voting structure will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could
      discourage others from pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our Class
      A ordinary shares and ADSs may view as beneficial.


FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the condensed consolidated results and financial positions of the Group is set out on
page 2 of this annual report.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024
are set out in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity in this annual report.


WEIGHTED VOTING RIGHTS
The Company has a weighted voting rights structure. Under the Company’s WVR structure, the
Company’s share capital comprises Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Each
Class A ordinary share entitles the holder to exercise one vote, and each Class B ordinary share
entitles the holder to exercise ten votes, respectively, on any matters subject to the vote at general
meetings of the Company, subject to Rule 8A.24 of the Listing Rules that requires the Reserved
Matters to be voted on a one vote per share basis. The Company’s WVR structure enables the WVR
Beneficiaries to hold Shares with a higher voting power than the holders of Class A ordinary shares.
Mr. Yongdong Peng, the co-founder, the chairman, an executive Director and the chief executive
officer of the Company, and Mr. Yigang Shan, the co-founder and an executive Director of the
Company, are the WVR Beneficiaries holding the Class B ordinary shares. Such shareholding will
enable the Company to benefit from the continuing vision and leadership of Mr. Yongdong Peng
and Mr. Yigang Shan, who will exercise their voting power with a view to promote the Company’s
long-term prospects and strategy.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024       61
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Prospective investors are advised to be aware of the potential risks of investing in companies with
WVR structure, in particular that interests of the WVR Beneficiaries may not necessarily always
be aligned with those of our Shareholders as a whole, and that the WVR Beneficiaries will be in
a position to exercise their higher voting power to influence the affairs of our Company and the
outcome of Shareholders’ resolutions, irrespective of how other Shareholders vote. Prospective
investors should make the decision to invest in the Company only after due and careful
consideration.


The table below sets out the ownership and voting rights held by the WVR Beneficiaries as of the
Latest Practicable Date:


                                                    Number                Number          Approximate           Approximate
                                                  of Class A            of Class B      percentage of             percentage
                                                   ordinary               ordinary        issued share               of voting
Name of WVR Beneficiaries                             shares                shares              capital(1)           rights(1)(2)

Yongdong Peng(3)                                  81,484,422           100,456,103                   5.0%                  22.1%
Yigang Shan(4)                                   54,429,357            43,586,373                    2.7%                 10.0%
Total                                            135,913,779         144,042,476                     7.7%                 32.1%


Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 3,477,710,889 Class A ordinary shares and 144,042,476 Class B ordinary
         shares issued as of the Latest Practicable Date.

(2)      On the basis that Class A ordinary shares entitle the Shareholder to one vote per Share and Class B ordinary shares
         entitle the Shareholder to ten votes per Share, without taking into consideration the voting rights of 849,601,280 Class A
         ordinary shares held by Propitious Global.

(3)      100,456,103 Class B ordinary shares and 81,484,422 Class A ordinary shares are held by Ever Orient International Limited,
         which is wholly owned by Data Bliss Limited. Data Bliss Limited is wholly owned by ARK Trust (Hong Kong) Limited as the
         trustee of a discretionary trust established by Mr. Yongdong Peng (as the settlor). The beneficiaries of the discretionary
         trust are Mr. Yongdong Peng and his family members.

(4)      43,586,373 Class B ordinary shares and 54,429,357 Class A ordinary shares are held by Clover Rich Limited, which is
         wholly owned by Sapient Rich Holdings Limited. Sapient Rich Holdings Limited is wholly owned by Trident Trust Company
         (HK) Limited as the trustee of a discretionary trust established by Mr. Yigang Shan (as the settlor). The beneficiaries of
         the discretionary trust are Mr. Yigang Shan and his family members.




62          KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Class B ordinary shares may be converted into Class A ordinary shares on a one-to-one ratio.
Assuming the conversion of all the remaining 144,042,476 Class B ordinary shares into Class A
ordinary shares, the number of Class A ordinary shares will increase by 144,042,476, representing
approximately 4.1% of the total number of issued Class A ordinary shares as of the Latest Practicable
Date.


The weighted voting rights attached to our Class B ordinary shares held by one WVR Beneficiary will
cease when such WVR Beneficiary no longer has beneficial ownership of any of our Class B ordinary
shares. This may occur:


(i)     upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances set out in Rule 8A.17 of the Listing Rules, in
        particular where a WVR Beneficiary is: (1) deceased; (2) no longer a member of the Board; (3)
        deemed by the Stock Exchange to be incapacitated for the purpose of performing his duties
        as a director; or (4) deemed by the Stock Exchange to no longer meet the requirements of a
        director set out in the Listing Rules;


(ii)    when the holders of Class B ordinary shares have transferred to another person the beneficial
        ownership of, or economic interest in, the Class B ordinary shares or the voting rights attached
        to them, other than in the circumstances permitted by Rule 8A.18 of the Listing Rules;


(iii)   where a vehicle holding Class B ordinary shares on behalf of a WVR Beneficiary no longer
        complies with Rule 8A.18(2) of the Listing Rules;


(iv)    when the Class B ordinary shares have been converted to Class A ordinary shares;


(v)     neither of the WVR Beneficiaries having control over the exercise of the voting rights of the
        Shares held by Propitious Global immediately upon the Listing on the Hong Kong Stock
        Exchange (the “Subject Shares”) for reasons within or outside their control. For the avoidance
        of doubt, (A) subject to the Listing Rules, (i) any sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of any
        part or all of the Subject Shares by Propitious Global to any person, or (ii) a change of control
        of the ultimate beneficial ownership of any part or all of the Subject Shares or Propitious
        Global to any person (the above activities are collectively referred to as “Transactions”), and
        (B) consequentially resulting in the loss of control over the exercise of the voting rights of the
        relevant Subject Shares that are subject to the Transactions, will not give rise to any obligation
        to convert the Class B ordinary shares to Class A ordinary shares; or


(vi)    a director holding vehicle holding Class B ordinary shares no longer complies with the
        principle that the weighted voting rights attached to a beneficiary’s shares must cease upon
        transfer to another person of the beneficial ownership of, or economic interest in, those shares
        or the control over the voting rights attached to them (through voting proxies or otherwise).


The Company and the WVR Beneficiaries will notify the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as soon as
practicable with details of the event set out in paragraphs (ii), (iii), (v) and (vi) above.




                                                                                Annual Report 2024       63
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in this annual report.


RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in the Consolidated
Financial Statements in this annual report.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
Our five largest customers accounted for 7.7% of our total net revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2024.


Our five largest suppliers accounted for 10.1% of our total purchases for the year ended December 31,
2024.


GEARING RATIO
As of December 31, 2024, our gearing ratio (i.e., total liabilities divided by total assets, in percentage)
was 46.3% (as of December 31, 2023: 40.0%).


OUR ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) INITIATIVES
Discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, and an account of the Group’s
key relationships with its stakeholders are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance
Report, which will be presented in a separate report and published on the websites of the Company
at investors.ke.com and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk at the same date of
this report.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
During the year ended December 31, 2024, as far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied
with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group in all material
respects.




64          KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


MATERIAL LITIGATION
On December 30, 2021, we and certain of our current officers and Directors were named as
defendants in a putative securities class action filed in federal court, captioned Chin v. KE Holdings
Inc. et al ., No. 1:21-cv-11196 (U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York). This action was
brought shortly after Muddy Waters Capital LLC announced on December 16, 2021, that it took a
short position in the Company as its research showed that the Company overstated the number of
agents and stores, its GTV, and its revenues. Plaintiff in this putative securities class action based
its allegations mainly on the allegations in the report. Plaintiff alleged, in sum and substance, that
the Company’s disclosures were materially false and/or misleading because they: (i) inflated the
Company’s GTV; (ii) inflated the Company’s revenues; and (iii) inflated the number of stores and
agents using the Company’s platform. The case was purportedly brought on behalf of a class of
persons who allegedly suffered damages as a result of these alleged misstatements and omissions
in our SEC filings and public disclosure documents, in violation of Sections 10 (b) and 20 (a) of the
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder
and Section 11, Section 12 (a) (2) and Section 15 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities
Act”). On February 26, 2024, the Court granted in part and denied in part defendants’ motion
to dismiss, and plaintiff was granted leave to replead to address the complaint’s deficiencies
identified by the Court. On March 18, 2024, plaintiff filed its Second Amended Complaint with all
Exchange Act claims removed. On April 10, 2024, the Court ordered motion-to-dismiss briefing
for the Second Amended Complaint to be completed in June 2024. On May 13, 2024, plaintiff filed
its Third Amended Complaint, which removes all Exchange Act claims and asserts claims under
Sections 11, 12 (a) (2) and 15 of the Securities Act regarding the disclosed total number of stores and
agents on the Company’s platform as of September 30, 2020 in the November 19, 2020 follow-on
offering documents. On June 17, 2024, the Company filed its answer. On October 24, 2024, plaintiff
voluntarily dismissed the officer and director defendants. On April 15, 2025, the parties notified the
Court that they had reached a settlement in principle and requested a stay of all current deadlines
pending the submission of the motion for preliminary approval of the settlement. There can be no
assurance that a settlement will be finalized and approved by the Court on the terms to which the
parties currently agreed or at all. If the settlement fails and the litigation continues, we are unable to
estimate the potential loss or damages, if any, associated with the resolution of this action.


Saved as disclosed in this annual report, the Company was not involved in any material litigation
or arbitration during the Reporting Period, and the Directors were also not aware of any material
litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Company during the Reporting
Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed in this annual report, no other important events affecting the Group occurred
since December 31, 2024 and up to the Latest Practicable Date.




                                                                               Annual Report 2024        65
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIVIDEND POLICY AND FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board has discretion on whether to distribute dividends, subject to certain requirements of
Cayman Islands law. In addition, our Shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend,
but no dividend may exceed the amount recommended by the Board. In either case, all dividends
are subject to certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law, namely that our Company may
only pay dividends out of profits or share premium account, and provided always that in no
circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would result in our Company being unable to pay
its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Even if we decide to pay dividends,
the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital
requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that
the Board may deem relevant.


On March 14, 2024, the Board declared a final cash dividend of US$0.117 per ordinary share, or
US$0.351 per ADS, payable in U.S. dollars for the year ended December 31, 2023. The aggregate
amount of the final cash dividend paid was approximately US$0.4 billion.


On March 18, 2025, the Board declared a final cash dividend of US$0.12 per ordinary share, or US$0.36
per ADS, payable in U.S. dollars for the year ended December 31, 2024. The aggregate amount of the
final cash dividend to be paid will be approximately US$0.4 billion.


Shing Lee International Limited (“Shing Lee”), holding Class A ordinary shares on behalf of our
employees, has waived dividends on Class A ordinary shares held by it that have not been allocated
to our employees. The total amount of dividends waived by Shing Lee represents less than 0.5 per
cent and 0.04 per cent of the value of dividends paid during the year ended December 31, 2024 and
to be paid during this year, respectively.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVE
As of December 31, 2024, the Company did not have any distributable reserves.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended
December 31, 2024 are set out in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


BORROWINGS
The Group had RMB288 million of bank borrowings and other borrowings as of December 31, 2024
(December 31, 2023: RMB290 million).


Details of bank borrowings and other borrowings of the Company and its subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2024 are set out in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


DONATION
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group made charitable donations of approximately
RMB34 million.




66       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DEBENTURE ISSUED
The Group has not issued any debentures during the year ended December 31, 2024.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in the subsection headed “The Share Incentive Plans” in this annual report, no
equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company or subsisted during the year ended
December 31, 2024.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Connected Transaction – Termination of the Proposed Acquisitions of all Remaining Equity Interests
in Kongjian Zhihui, including the Proposed Connected Acquisition

On December 23, 2024, the Company, through Beike Meijia Technology (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd. (貝殼美家
科技(浙江)有限責任公司) (“Beike Meijia”), terminated the equity acquisition agreements with Kongjian
Zhihui Decoration (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (空間智慧裝飾裝修(北京)有限公司) (“Kongjian Zhihui”) and all of its
existing shareholders (excluding Beike Meijia itself) in accordance with the provisions in the relevant
equity acquisition agreements. Accordingly, the proposed acquisitions of all remaining equity
interests in Kongjian Zhihui, including the proposed connected acquisition of 7.1092% equity interests
in Kongjian Zhihui held by H iKongjian Co., Limited, will not proceed and were terminated. For details,
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated December 24, 2024.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024       67
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
We have entered into a number of continuing agreements and arrangements with our connected
persons in our ordinary and usual course of business, which constitute continuing connected
transactions under the Listing Rules. We set out below details of the continuing connected
transactions for our Group, in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


1.    Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions — Contractual Arrangements

      Please refer to the subsection headed “Contractual Arrangements” for details on the
      Contractual Arrangements of the Company for the Reporting Period.


2.    Non-fully Exempt Continuing Connected Transactions

      As disclosed in the Listing Document, the following transactions of the Group constituted
      non-fully exempt continuing connected transactions for the Company for the Reporting
      Period:


      (1)      Provision of Online Marketing Services

               On April 28, 2022, the Company entered into the online marketing services framework
               agreement (the “Online Marketing Services Framework Agreement”) with Ziroom Inc.
               (“Ziroom,”1 together with its subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities, “Ziroom
               Group”), pursuant to which, the Group has agreed to provide online marketing services
               including but not limited to (i) analysis and matching services between properties
               and customers, (ii) property listing services and (iii) other technical services, to Ziroom
               Group, and charge relevant services fees. The initial term of the Online Marketing
               Services Framework Agreement commenced from the Listing Date and expired on
               December 31, 2024.


               The annual cap of the service fees contemplated under the Online Marketing Services
               Framework Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2024 is RMB355.5 million, and
               the actual transaction amount for the year ended December 31, 2024 was RMB53.9
               million.


               As the highest applicable percentage ratio for the aforementioned transactions for the
               purpose of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules is expected to be less than 0.1% on an annual
               basis after December 31, 2024, such transactions will constitute a de minimis continuing
               connected transactions of our Company that will be fully exempt from reporting,
               annual review, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements
               under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company will continuously monitor the
               aforementioned transactions and comply with the reporting, announcement and
               independent shareholders’ approval requirements (where applicable) under Chapter
               14A of the Listing Rules in the event that the transaction amounts are expected to
               exceed the de minimis thresholds.

1     Mrs. Zuo, a Controlling Shareholder, held approximately 33.7% equity interests in Ziroom as of the Latest Practicable Date.




68          KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


    (2)    Procurement of Cloud Services and Technical Services

           On April 28, 2022, the Company entered into the cloud services and technical services
           framework agreement (the “Cloud Services and Technical Services Framework
           Agreement”) with Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited (深圳市騰訊計
           算機系統有限公司) (“Tencent Computer”), pursuant to which, Tencent Computer (for itself
           and on behalf of the Represented Tencent Group2) has agreed to provide cloud services
           and other technical services, including but not limited to cloud servers, cloud object
           storage, classic load balancer, cloud database, live streaming, video on demand, cloud
           communications, cloud security, domain name resolution services and other products
           and services, to the Group. The initial term of the Cloud Services and Technical Services
           Framework Agreement commenced from the Listing Date and expired on December 31,
           2024.

           The annual cap of the service fees contemplated under the Cloud Services and
           Technical Services Framework Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2024 is
           RMB340.0 million, and the actual transaction amount for the year ended December 31,
           2024 was RMB179.6 million.

           In anticipation of the expiration of the Cloud Services and Technical Services Framework
           Agreement on December 31, 2024, on December 11, 2024, the Company entered into
           a new cloud services and technical services framework agreement with Tencent
           Computer with a term of three years from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2027,
           pursuant to which, Tencent Computer (for itself and on behalf of the Represented
           Tencent Group) will continue providing cloud services and other technical services
           to the Group. For details of the new cloud services and technical services framework
           agreement, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated December 11,
           2024.

    (3)    Confirmation from Independent Non-executive Directors

           The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected
           transactions outlined above, and confirmed that such continuing connected
           transactions had been entered into: (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of
           our Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance with the
           relevant agreements governing them on terms that were fair and reasonable and in the
           interests of our Company and our Shareholders as a whole.




2   The “Represented Tencent Group” refers to group members of Tencent, excluding China Literature Limited, Tencent Music
    Entertainment Group and their respective subsidiaries. Tencent used to be one of our substantial shareholders and
    ceased to be our substantial shareholder since December 19, 2024.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024            69
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     (4)      Confirmations from the Company’s Independent Auditor
              The auditor of the Company (the “Auditor”) has performed the relevant procedures
              regarding the continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong
              Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other
              Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice
              Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the
              Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
              The Auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions
              in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in the
              paragraphs above in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.


              The Auditor has confirmed in its PN740 letter to the Board that, with respect to the
              aforesaid continuing connected transactions entered into during the Reporting Period:


              (i)     nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe
                      that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have not been approved by
                      the Board;


              (ii)    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing
                      has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the
                      transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
                      policies of the Group;

              (iii)   nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe
                      that the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance
                      with the relevant agreements governing such transactions;


              (iv)    with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected
                      transactions (other than those transactions among WFOEs, VIEs and their
                      subsidiaries, and their registered equity holders under the contractual
                      arrangements), nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the
                      Auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have
                      exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company; and


              (v)     with respect of the disclosed continuing connected transactions among
                      WFOEs, VIEs and their subsidiaries, and their registered equity holders under the
                      contractual arrangements, nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that
                      causes the Auditor to believe that dividends or other distributions have been
                      made by VIEs and their subsidiaries to the holders of the equity interests of VIEs
                      which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.


              Save as disclosed in this annual report, during the Reporting Period, the Company had
              no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions which are required
              to be disclosed under the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure
              requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to the continuing
              connected transactions entered into by the Group during the Reporting Period.




70         KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS
(1)   Contractual Arrangements in Place Adopted before the Listing on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange

      The following simplified diagrams illustrate the flow of economic benefits from the
      Consolidated Affiliated Entities to the Group under the Contractual Arrangements:


                                                  The Company


                                                            100%


                                                                                           registered
                                                        WFOEs(1)                         shareholders(3)

                    comprehensive technical support
                                                                   service fees
                       and consulting services

                                                        VIEs(2) and their respective subsidiaries



      Contractual Arrangements with Beijing Lianjia and its Shareholders


                                                  The Company


                                                             100%

                                                                                         Other registered
                                                      Beike Tianjin                      shareholders(4)

                    comprehensive technical support
                                                             30%      service fees                  70%
                       and consulting services

                                                                       Beijing Lianjia




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   71
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     Notes:

     (1)      The WFOEs (other than Beike Tianjin) refer to Jinbei Tianjin and Beike Jinke.

     (2)      The VIEs (other than Beijing Lianjia, with whom the Contractual Arrangements and its shareholders have been
              disclosed in a separate diagram above) refer to Tianjin Xiaowu, Yiju Taihe, Beijing Beijia and Beijing Beihao. Each
              of Tianjin Wuke and Beike Zhaofang Web is a subsidiary of Tianjin Xiaowu. Each of Beijing Zhongrongxin, Beijing
              Ehomepay, Anli Insurance Brokerage and Beike Small Loan is a subsidiary of Yiju Taihe.

     (3)      The registered shareholders of Tianjin Xiaowu are Mrs. Zuo and Mr. Yigang Shan, holding 94% and 6% equity
              interests, respectively.

              The registered shareholders of Yiju Taihe are (i) Beijing Lianjia, holding 80% equity interests; (ii) Mrs. Zuo, Mr.
              Yigang Shan, Mr. Wangang Xu and entities controlled by Mrs. Zuo or Mr. Yigang Shan, holding 17% equity interests
              in aggregate and (iii) several other individuals and entities associated with us holding 3% equity interests
              in aggregate and those individuals and entities were existing shareholders of Yiju Taihe and had become
              shareholders of the Company upon the completion of the reorganization of Yiju Taihe.

              The registered shareholders of Beijing Beijia are (i) Mr. Yongdong Peng (25%) and Mr. Tao Xu (25%), holding
              50% equity interests in aggregate and (ii) Mr. Junquan Lin (25%) and Mr. Yongqun Wang (25%), holding 50%
              equity interests in aggregate and such individuals were shareholders of the Company and became registered
              shareholders of Beijing Beijia for the purpose of effecting reorganization in relation to the Company’s listing on
              NYSE.

              The registered shareholders of Beijing Beihao are (i) Mr. Wangang Xu, holding 4% equity interests; and (ii) several
              other individuals associated with us holding 96% equity interests in aggregate, each of whom is a minority
              shareholder of Beijing Beihao holding less than 5% equity interests, and such individuals were shareholders of the
              Company and became registered shareholders of Beijing Beihao for the purpose of effecting reorganization in
              relation to the Company’s listing on NYSE.

     (4)      The other registered shareholders of Beijing Lianjia are (i) Mrs. Zuo, Mr. Yigang Shan, Mr. Wangang Xu and entities
              controlled by Mr. Yongdong Peng or Mr. Yigang Shan, holding 57% equity interests in aggregate and (ii) several
              other individuals and entities associated with us holding 13% equity interests in aggregate and those individuals
              and entities were existing shareholders of Beijing Lianjia and, except for one entity which was established for
              holding equity interests on behalf of employees, the remaining entities and individuals had become shareholders
              of the Company upon the completion of the reorganization of Beijing Lianjia. Mrs. Zuo is one of the Controlling
              Shareholders and each of Mr. Yongdong Peng, Mr. Yigang Shan and Mr. Wangang Xu is our Director. Save for
              Beike Tianjin holding 30% equity interests, Mrs. Zuo, Mr. Yongdong Peng, Mr. Yigang Shan and Mr. Wangang Xu
              holding 57% equity interests and Shanghai Zhanben Investment Management Centre (Limited Partnership) (上海
              站本投資管理中心(有限合夥)) holding 8% equity interests in Beijing Lianjia, each of the other shareholders of Beijing
              Lianjia are minority shareholders holding less than 5% equity interests.

     (5)      “   ” denotes beneficial ownership in the equity interest.

     (6)      “   ” denotes contractual relationship.

     (7)      “ ” denotes the control by WFOEs over the relevant registered shareholders of the VIEs and the VIEs through (i)
              power of attorney to exercise the shareholders’ rights in the VIEs, (ii) exclusive options to acquire all or part of
              the equity interests and assets of the VIEs and (iii) equity pledges over the equity interests held by the relevant
              registered shareholders in the VIEs.




72         KE Holdings Inc.
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(2)   Summary of the Material Terms of the Contractual Arrangements

      A description of each of the specific agreements that comprise the Contractual Arrangements
      entered into by WFOEs and each of the VIEs and/or their respective registered shareholders is
      set out below. Terms in each set of Contractual Arrangements among the WFOEs and the VIEs
      and/or their respective registered shareholders are substantially similar.


      a)    Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements

            Pursuant to the exclusive business cooperation agreements among the WFOEs and the
            VIEs, respectively, our WFOEs have the exclusive right to provide the VIEs with services
            related to, among other things, comprehensive technical support and consulting
            services. Without prior written consent of our WFOEs, the VIEs agree not to directly or
            indirectly accept the same or any similar services provided by any third party and shall
            not establish similar cooperation relationship with any third party regarding the matters
            ascribed by the exclusive business cooperation agreements.


            The VIEs agree to pay our WFOEs services fees.


            Under the exclusive business cooperation agreements entered into between the WFOEs
            and each of VIEs, the service fees shall consist of 100% of the total consolidated profit
            of the relevant VIEs during the financial years, after the deduction of, among other
            things, any accumulated deficit of the VIEs in respect of the relevant financial years,
            operating costs, expenses and taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the WFOEs may
            adjust the amount of the services fees in accordance with PRC tax law principles and
            tax practices, and with reference to the working capital needs of the VIEs, and the VIEs
            will accept any such adjustment. Our WFOEs have the exclusive ownership of intellectual
            property rights created as a result of the performance of the exclusive business
            cooperation agreements. The exclusive business cooperation agreements will remain
            effective unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of the exclusive business
            cooperation agreements or terminated in writing by the WFOEs. Unless otherwise
            required by applicable PRC laws, the VIEs shall not have any right to terminate the
            exclusive business cooperation agreements unilaterally in any event.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024     73
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     b)      Exclusive Option Agreements

             Pursuant to the exclusive option agreements among our WFOEs, the VIEs and their
             respective shareholders, each of our WFOEs is irrevocably granted an exclusive option
             to purchase, or have its designated person to purchase, at its discretion, to the extent
             permitted under PRC laws, all or part of the relevant registered shareholders’ equity
             interests in the relevant VIEs. The purchase price with respect to the equity interests in
             the VIEs shall be the amount of the registered shareholders’ respective paid-in capital in
             relevant VIEs or the lowest price under applicable PRC laws. The registered shareholders
             of the VIEs have also undertaken that, subject to the relevant PRC laws, they will return
             to our WFOEs or their designated person any consideration they receive in the event
             that any of the WFOEs exercises the options under the exclusive option agreements to
             acquire the equity interests in the VIEs.


             The shareholders of the VIEs further undertake to pay to our WFOEs any dividends and
             other distributions they receive in relation to the equity interests they held in the VIEs, to
             the extent permitted by PRC laws. The shareholders of the VIEs undertake that, without
             prior written consent of our WFOEs, they will not create any pledge or encumbrance
             on their equity interests in the VIEs, approve any transfer or disposal of their equity
             interests in any manner, or any disposition of any assets of the VIEs (other than limited
             exceptions). The shareholders of the VIEs agree, among other things, without prior
             written consent of our WFOEs, not to cause the relevant VIEs to merge with any other
             entities, increase or decrease its registered capital, declare or distribute dividends,
             amend its articles of association, enter into any material contract (other than those
             occurring in the ordinary course of business), be liquidated or dissolved unless
             mandated by PRC laws, incur any debts (except for payables incurred in the ordinary
             course of business other than through loans), or undertake any actions that may
             adversely affect the VIEs’ operating status and asset value. The shareholders of the VIEs
             also agree to appoint the directors and senior management designated by our WFOEs.


             These exclusive option agreements will remain effective till all of the equity interests
             of the relevant VIEs have been transferred to our WFOEs and/or their designated
             persons. Unless otherwise required by applicable PRC laws, the VIEs and their respective
             registered shareholders shall not have any right to terminate the exclusive option
             agreements unilaterally in any event.




74        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


c)   Equity Pledge Agreements

     Pursuant to the equity pledge agreements among our WFOEs, the VIEs and their
     respective shareholders, all of the respective equity interests of the VIEs other than
     those already held by the WFOEs are pledged to our WFOEs as security for performance
     of the obligations of the VIEs and their shareholders under the exclusive business
     cooperation agreements, the powers of attorney, the exclusive option agreements and
     the equity pledge agreements. After the completion of the equity pledge registrations, in
     the event of a breach by the VIEs or their shareholders of contractual obligations under
     these agreements, our WFOEs, as pledgee, will have the right to request for enforcement
     of the pledge and have the priority right to receive the proceeds from auction or sale
     of the pledged equity interests in the VIEs. The shareholders of the VIEs also undertake
     that, during the term of the equity pledge agreements, unless otherwise approved by
     our WFOEs in writing, they will not transfer the pledged equity interests or create or allow
     any new pledge or other encumbrance on the pledged equity interests.


     The pledges of equity interests under the equity pledge agreements take effect upon
     the completion of registration with the local branch of the SAMR in accordance with
     PRC laws and shall remain valid until (i) after all the contractual obligations of the VIEs
     and their shareholders under the relevant Contractual Arrangements have been fully
     performed and all the outstanding debts of the VIEs and their shareholders under the
     relevant Contractual Arrangements have been fully paid or (ii) all the equity interests
     in the VIEs have been transferred to the WFOEs to the extent permitted by the PRC laws
     and regulations (where applicable). We have registered all the equity pledges in the
     VIEs with the local branch of the SAMR in accordance with PRC laws to perfect their
     respective equity pledges.


d)   Powers of Attorney

     Pursuant to the power of attorney agreements entered among our WFOEs, the VIEs
     and the respective registered shareholders of the VIEs, each shareholder of the VIEs
     (other than the shareholder being WFOE itself) irrevocably undertakes to appoint the
     WFOEs, or their designated persons (including but not limited to directors of the WFOEs’
     holding companies and their successors and liquidators replacing such directors but
     excluding those non-independent or who may give rise to conflict of interests) as his/
     its attorney-in-fact to exercise all of his/its rights as a shareholder of the VIEs, including,
     but not limited to, the right to convene and attend shareholders’ meeting of the VIEs,
     file documents with the competent authorities, vote on any resolution that requires a
     shareholder vote, sign minutes, approve amendments to the articles of association,
     nominate or appoint the legal representatives, directors, supervisors, general manager
     and other senior management of the VIEs and other voting rights pursuant to the
     articles of association (subject to the amendments) of the VIEs. Each power of attorney
     agreement is irrevocable and remains in effect as long as the shareholder continues to
     be a shareholder of the VIEs.




                                                                       Annual Report 2024        75
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(3)   Progress of the Contractual Arrangements during the Reporting Period

      There were no new contractual arrangements entered into, renewed and/or reproduced
      between our Group and our onshore holding companies and/or Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities during the Reporting Period, and there was no material change in the Contractual
      Arrangements and/or the circumstances under which they were adopted during the Reporting
      Period. During the Reporting Period, none of the Contractual Arrangements had been
      unwound on the basis that none of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the Contractual
      Arrangements had been removed. As of December 31, 2024, we had not encountered
      interference or encumbrance from any PRC governing bodies in operating our businesses
      through our Consolidated Affiliated Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.


      We have consolidated the financial results of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities into our
      consolidated financial statements. During the year ended December 31, 2024, taking into
      account all of their respective businesses with or without foreign investment restrictions under
      PRC laws, we derived 0.8% of our revenues from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. During
      the year ended December 31, 2024, taking into account their respective businesses with
      foreign investment restrictions under PRC laws only, we derived 0.7% of our revenues from the
      Consolidated Affiliated Entities.


      During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from all entities within the Company’s
      Contractual Arrangements as disclosed above and in the Listing Document (including Beike
      Small Loan) remained immaterial and their annual revenue contribution to the Group did not
      exceed 2% of the Group; and the revenue contribution of the unrestricted business (certain
      business operated through the Contractual Arrangements which are not subject to foreign
      investment restriction under the applicable PRC laws and regulations as set out in the Listing
      Document) did not exceed 0.1% of the Group. The Company’s Audit Committee has reviewed
      such revenue contributions.




76       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(4)   Reasons for Adopting the Contractual Arrangements

      Foreign investment activities in the PRC are mainly governed by the Special Administrative
      Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (the “Negative List”) and the
      Catalog of Industries for Encouraging Foreign Investment (the “Encouraging Catalog”), which
      were promulgated and are amended from time to time jointly by the Ministry of Commerce
      of the PRC (中華人民共和國商務部) and the National Development and Reform Commission of
      the PRC (中華人民共和國國家發展和改革委員會). The Negative List and the Encouraging Catalog
      divide industries into three categories in terms of foreign investment, namely, “encouraged,”
      “restricted” and “prohibited.” Industries not listed under the Negative List and the Encouraging
      Catalog are generally deemed as falling into a fourth category “permitted.” The currently
      effective Negative List is the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access
      of Foreign Investment (2024 Version) (the “2024 Negative List”), which became effective on
      November 1, 2024.


      According to the 2024 Negative List and other applicable PRC laws, our value-added
      telecommunication services and certain financial services in the PRC conducted by our
      applicable Consolidated Affiliated Entities are subject to foreign ownership restriction or
      certain qualification requirements for foreign investors. Taking into account the restrictions
      of foreign investment under the PRC laws and regulations, we have entered into a series of
      Contractual Arrangements with each of the VIEs and their respective shareholders, which
      collectively enable us to (i) direct activities of the VIEs that most significantly affect the
      economic performance of the VIEs; (ii) receive economic benefits from the VIEs that could
      be significant to the VIEs; (iii) have the pledge right over the equity interests held by such
      shareholders in the VIEs as the pledgee; and (iv) have an exclusive option to purchase all
      or part of the equity interests in and assets of the VIEs when and to the extent permitted by
      PRC laws and regulations. As a result of these Contractual Arrangements, we are the primary
      beneficiary of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities.


      For details of the reasons for adopting the Contractual Arrangements, please refer to the
      sections headed “Contractual Arrangements – PRC Laws and Regulations Relating to Foreign
      Ownership Restrictions,” “Contractual Arrangements – Qualification Requirements” and
      “Contractual Arrangements – Development in PRC Legislation on Foreign Investment” of the
      Listing document.


      Certain of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, namely, Beitatong Technology (Beijing) Co.,
      Ltd. (貝塔通科技(北京)有限公司), Beijing Beijia, Beijing Beihao, Hebei Fangjianghu Real Estate
      Brokerage Co., Ltd. (河北房江湖房地產經紀有限公司) and Beijing Zhongsheng Yatou Investment
      and Fund Management Co., Ltd. (北京中晟亞投投資基金管理有限公司), have not yet commenced
      substantive business operations after the Listing. The Company has undertaken to the Stock
      Exchange that such entities will not conduct any businesses that are not subject to foreign
      investment restrictions or prohibitions and if such entities are engaged in any unrestricted
      business, the Company will take appropriate measures to exclude such entities from the
      Contractual Arrangements prior to engaging in any unrestricted businesses.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024       77
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(5)   Risks Relating to the Contractual Arrangements

      These are the certain risks that are associated with the Contractual Arrangements, including:


      •      If the PRC government finds that the agreements that establish the structure for
             operating some of our operations in China do not comply with PRC regulations relating
             to the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing
             regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to
             relinquish our interests in those operations. If the PRC government determines that the
             Contractual Arrangements constituting part of the VIE structure do not comply with PRC
             regulations, or if these regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, our
             Class A ordinary shares and ADSs may decline in value or become worthless if we are
             unable to direct activities of or receive economic benefits from the VIEs, which, together
             with the Realsee VIEs (as defined below), collectively held 34.2% of our cash, cash
             equivalents and restricted cash and 10.9% of our total assets as of December 31, 2024
             and contribute to 0.8% of our net revenues in 2024, excluding inter-group transactions.
             Our holding company in the Cayman Islands, the VIEs and investors of our Company
             face uncertainty about potential future actions by the PRC government that could affect
             the enforceability of the Contractual Arrangements with the VIEs and, consequently,
             significantly affect the financial performance of the VIEs and our Company as a group.


      •      We rely on Contractual Arrangements with the VIEs and their shareholders to direct
             activities of the VIEs that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIEs
             and receive economic benefits from the VIEs that could be significant to the VIEs, which
             may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control.


      •      Any failure by the VIEs or their shareholders to perform their obligations under our
             Contractual Arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on part
             of our business.


      •      Our exercise of the option to acquire equity ownership of the Consolidated Affiliated
             Entities may subject us to certain limitations and substantial costs.


      •      Certain shareholders of the VIEs may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which
             may materially and adversely affect part of our business.


      •      Contractual Arrangements we have entered into with the VIEs may be subject to
             scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities. A finding that we owe additional taxes could
             negatively affect our financial condition and the value of your investment.


      •      We may lose the ability to use and benefit from assets held by the VIEs that are material
             or supplementary to the operation of our business if either of the VIEs goes bankrupt or
             becomes subject to dissolution or liquidation proceeding.




78        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      •       The interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law (
                                                                                  《中華人民共和國外
                  ) are evolving and we cannot assure you how it may impact the viability of our
              商投資法》
              current corporate structure, corporate governance and operations.


      For details of the risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements, please refer to the
      section headed “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure” in the Listing
      Document and the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed
      with the SEC on April 17, 2025.


(6)   Measures Relating to the Contractual Arrangements

      The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective operation of the Group
      with the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements and our compliance with the
      Contractual Arrangements:


      (i)     major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual
              Arrangements or any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be
              submitted to the Board, if necessary, for review and discussion on an occurrence basis;


      (ii)    the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
              Arrangements at least once a year;


      (iii)   the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the
              Contractual Arrangements in our annual reports after the Listing, and please see below
              “Confirmations from Independent Non-executive Directors” in this annual report for
              details; and


      (iv)    the Company will engage external legal advisers or other professional advisers,
              if necessary, to assist the Board to review the implementation of the Contractual
              Arrangements, and review the legal compliance of the WFOEs and the Consolidated
              Affiliated Entities to deal with specific issues or matters arising from the Contractual
              Arrangements.


(7)   Relevant Requirements Related to Contractual Arrangements

      For the details of relevant requirements, please refer to “ — Reasons for Adopting the
      Contractual Arrangements” in this section.


      In the opinion of our PRC Legal Adviser, Han Kun Law Offices, (i) the ownership structures
      of our WFOEs and the VIEs in China are not in violation of provisions of applicable PRC laws
      and regulations currently in effect; and (ii) each of the agreements under the Contractual
      Arrangements among our WFOEs, the VIEs and their shareholders governed by PRC law is
      not in violation of provisions of applicable PRC laws or regulations currently in effect, and
      valid and binding upon each party to such agreements and enforceable against each party
      thereto in accordance with their terms and applicable PRC laws and regulations currently in
      effect.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      79
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(8)   Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange

      The transactions contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements constitute continuing
      connected transactions of the Company which are subject to the announcement, reporting
      and annual review requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules upon the Listing, as
      certain parties to the Contractual Arrangements are connected persons of the Group.


      Accordingly, we have applied to the Stock Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has granted,
      a waiver from strict compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent
      Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the
      transactions contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of
      the Listing Rules; (ii) the requirement of setting an annual cap for the transactions under the
      Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules; and (iii) the requirement of
      limiting the term of the Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of
      the Listing Rules, for so long as our Class A ordinary shares are listed on the Stock Exchange
      subject however to the following conditions:


      (a)      No Change Without Independent Non-executive Directors’ Approval

               Save as disclosed below, no change to the Contractual Arrangements (including with
               respect to any fees payable to relevant members of the Group thereunder) will be
               made without the approval of our independent non-executive Directors.


      (b)      No Change Without Independent Shareholders’ Approval

               Save as disclosed below, no change to the agreements governing the Contractual
               Arrangements will be made without the approval of our independent Shareholders.
               Once independent Shareholders’ approval of any change has been obtained, no further
               announcement or approval of the independent Shareholders, except for those disclosed
               above, will be required under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules unless and until further
               changes are proposed. The periodic reporting requirement regarding the Contractual
               Arrangements in the annual reports of the Company will however continue to be
               applicable.


      (c)      Economic Benefits and Flexibility

               The Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable the Group to receive the
               economic benefits derived by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities through (i) the Group’s
               options (if and when so allowed under the applicable PRC laws) to acquire, all or part
               of the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities for consideration stated
               in the exclusive option agreements; (ii) the business structure under which the profit
               generated by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities is substantially retained by the Group,
               such that no annual cap shall be set out for the amount of service fees payable to
               the relevant member of the Group by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities under the
               Contractual Arrangements; and (iii) the Group’s right to control the management
               and operation of, as well as, in substance, all of the voting rights of the Consolidated
               Affiliated Entities.




80          KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      (d)     Renewal and Reproduction

              On the basis that the Contractual Arrangements provide an acceptable framework
              for the relationship between the Company and its subsidiaries in which the Company
              has shareholding, on the one hand, and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, on the
              other hand, such framework may be renewed and/or reproduced without obtaining
              the approval of our Shareholders: (i) upon the expiry of the existing arrangements,
              (ii) in connection with any changes to the registered shareholders or directors of the
              Consolidated Affiliated Entities, or (iii) in relation to any existing, newly established or
              acquired wholly foreign-owned enterprise or operating company (including branch
              company), engaging in a business similar or relating to those of the Group. Any renewed
              or reproduced framework will be on substantially the same terms and conditions as the
              existing Contractual Arrangements.


      (e)     Ongoing Reporting

              The Group will disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an on-going
              basis.


(9)   Confirmation from Independent Non-executive Directors

      The Company’s independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual
      Arrangements and confirmed that:


      (i)     the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in
              accordance with the provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;


      (ii)    no dividends or other distributions have been made by the Consolidated Affiliated
              Entities to the registered holders of their equity interests which are not otherwise
              subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during the Reporting Period; and


      (iii)   any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the
              Consolidated Affiliated Entities during the Reporting Period are fair and reasonable, and
              in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.




                                                                              Annual Report 2024        81
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(10)   Confirmations from the Company’s Independent Auditor

       The Auditor has carried out review procedures in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on
       Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or
       Review of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised)
       “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”
       issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants on the transactions carried
       out pursuant to the Contractual Arrangements. The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to
       the Board confirming, among other things, that the transactions carried out pursuant to
       the Contractual Arrangements during the year ended December 31, 2024 had received the
       approval of the Board, had entered into in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
       Contractual Arrangements and that no dividends or other distributions had been made by the
       Company’s Consolidated Affiliated Entities to the holders of its equity interests which were not
       otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.


(11)   Other Immaterial Contractual Arrangements Subsisting After the Listing and During the
       Reporting Period

       On May 12, 2022, one of our subsidiaries, entered into a series of contractual arrangements
       with Runizhishi (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. (如你之視(北京)科技有限公司, “Runizhishi”) and
       Runikeshi (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. (如你可視(北京)科技有限公司, “Runikeshi”) (collectively,
       the “Realsee VIEs”), respectively, the terms and structures of which are substantially the
       same as those Contractual Arrangements entered into before the Listing as described in the
       subsection headed “Summary of the Material Terms of the Contractual Arrangements” above.
       On July 12, 2023 and November 22, 2024, the contractual arrangements with Runikeshi were
       updated to reflect the change of the registered shareholders of Runikeshi. Other terms of such
       contractual arrangements remained the same. During the Reporting Period, the operations
       of and revenues generated by Realsee VIEs in aggregate were immaterial to the Group.
       Such contractual arrangements with Realsee VIEs are subject to similar risks as set out in
       the subsection headed “Risks Relating to the Contractual Arrangements” above. With regard
       to any transactions contemplated under the contractual arrangement of Realsee VIEs, the
       Company will comply with the requirements of the Listing Rules where applicable.




82        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set
out in Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein.


Except as disclosed herein, none of the related party transactions constitutes a connected
transaction or continuing connected transaction subject to independent shareholders’ approval,
annual review and all disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
During the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, the Board comprises eight
Directors, including four executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three independent
non-executive Directors. During the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, there are
four members of senior management of the Company.


Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are set out in the section
headed “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report.


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company considers each of the independent
non-executive Directors is independent.




                                                                            Annual Report 2024    83
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The remuneration of the Directors and senior management is paid in the form of fees, basic salaries,
housing fund, allowances and benefits in kind, employer’s contributions to a retirement benefit
scheme and discretionary bonuses.


The remuneration is determined and recommended based on each Director’s and senior
management personnel’s qualification, position and seniority, having regard to the Group’s
operating results, individual performance of the Directors and senior management and comparable
market practices. As for the independent non-executive Directors, their remuneration is determined
by the Board upon recommendation from the Compensation Committee to ensure that they are
adequately compensated for their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs.


The Company currently has three share incentive plans, which are the 2018 Share Option Plan, 2020
Share Incentive Plan and 2022 Share Incentive Plan. For details of such share incentive plans and
the outstanding options and RSUs granted to our Directors, see the subsection headed “The Share
Incentive Plans” in this annual report.


During the Reporting Period, no remuneration was paid to the Directors and the five highest paid
individuals of the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group. No compensation was
paid to or receivable by any Director or any of the five highest paid individuals during the Reporting
Period for the loss of any office in connection with the management of the affairs of any member of
the Group. None of the Directors waived any emoluments during the Reporting Period.


Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals of the Group during the
Reporting Period are set out in Notes 28 and 29 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




84       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Each of our Directors has entered into a director service agreement with the Company for a term of
one year.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual
general meeting of Shareholders has or is proposed to enter into any service contracts with any
member of the Group (excluding contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within one
year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation)).


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there were no other transactions, arrangements or contracts
of significance in relation to the Group’s business, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
was a party and in which any of the Directors or its connected entities had, directly or indirectly, a
material interest at any time during the Reporting Period or at the end of the year ended December
31, 2024.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY
Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every
Director shall be indemnified and secured harmless against all actions, proceedings, costs,
charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained by such Director, other than
by reason of such Director’s own dishonesty, wilful default or fraud, in or about the conduct of the
Company’s business or affairs (including as a result of any mistake of judgment) or in the execution
or discharge of his duties, powers, authorities or discretions, including without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing, any costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by such Director in
defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil proceedings concerning the Company or its
affairs in any court whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere.


Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force for the Reporting Period. We have maintained
appropriate liability insurance for our Directors during the Reporting Period.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of
the business of the Company was entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.




                                                                            Annual Report 2024     85
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed in the subsections headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, “Contractual
Arrangements” and “The Share Incentive Plans – 2022 Share Incentive Plan” in this annual report, no
contract of significance or contract of significance for the provision of services has been entered
into among the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the Controlling Shareholders or any of their
subsidiaries during the year ended December 31, 2024.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as otherwise disclosed in this annual report, no rights to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations were
granted to any Directors or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age and no such
rights have been exercised by them during the Reporting Period. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries were a party to any arrangements to enable any Directors or their respective spouses
or children under the age of 18 years to acquire such rights from any other body corporates.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
Mr. Yigang Shan, an executive Director, has disclosed to the Company that he is currently also a
director of Ziroom Inc. The businesses of Ziroom Group involve, among other things, the leasing
solutions and property-related services offered to property owners with respect to dispersed and
centralized assets. Those businesses of Ziroom Group may potentially compete with the Group’s
rental property management services, including Carefree Rent, which were developed at scale by
the Group in the second half of 2022. However, in view of a number of factors, including, among
other things, the differences in target customer clusters, rental products and principal business
focuses between the businesses operated by Ziroom Group and the Group, as well as the corporate
governance measures put in place by us, including the fiduciary duties of a director, the separate
and independent management teams over the relevant businesses and measures adopted to
resolve situations where a Director may have a conflict of interest, we are of the view that there is
no material competition between the businesses operated by the Group and Ziroom Group.


Save as disclosed in this annual report, to the Company’s best knowledge, as of December 31, 2024,
none of our Directors had any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete, directly
or indirectly, with our business, which would require disclosure under Rule 8.10(2) of the Listing Rules.




86       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As of December 31, 2024, the interests and/or short positions of the Directors and the chief executive
of the Company (other than Mr. Yongdong Peng and Mr. Yigang Shan, whose interests in the Shares
and underlying Shares of the Company have been disclosed in the subsection headed “Interests
and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company”
below) in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company and any of its associated corporations
and their interests in the debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations as
recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


(a)   Interest in the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                    Percentage of      Approximate
                                                                                                                   Shareholding in    Percentage of
                                                                                                                      the Relevant   Shareholding in
                                                                                                    Number of      Class of Issued   the Total Issued
                                                                                                 Shares Held or          Shares(6)   Share Capital(7)
      Name of Director       Nature of Interest                         Class of Shares              Interested               (%)                (%)

      Wangang Xu(1)          Beneficial owner                           Class A ordinary share         7,177,120             0.21%             0.20%
                             Founder of a discretionary trust                                         9,945,796             0.29%              0.27%
                             Interest held by controlled corporations                                 4,075,188              0.12%              0.11%
      Tao Xu(2)              Beneficial owner                           Class A ordinary share        1,586,965             0.05%              0.04%
                             Interest held by controlled corporations                                  750,000              0.02%              0.02%
                             Founder of a discretionary trust                                         1,963,035             0.06%              0.05%
      Xiaohong Chen(3)       Interest held by controlled corporations   Class A ordinary share       14,844,735             0.43%              0.41%
                             Beneficial owner                                                           150,756             0.00%              0.00%
      Hansong Zhu(4)         Beneficial owner                           Class A ordinary share          49,758              0.00%              0.00%
      Jun Wu(5)              Beneficial owner                           Class A ordinary share           37,155             0.00%              0.00%

      Notes:

      (1)         7,177,120 Class A ordinary shares were beneficially owned by Mr. Wangang Xu. 9,945,796 Class A ordinary
                  shares were held by Blossom South Limited. Blossom South Limited is wholly owned by Clear River Limited. 100%
                  equity interest of Clear River Limited is held by Maples Trustee Services (Cayman) Limited as the trustee of a
                  discretionary trust established by Mr. Wangang Xu (as the settlor). Accordingly, Mr. Wangang Xu is deemed to
                  be interested in 9,945,796 Class A ordinary shares directly held by Blossom South Limited by virtue of the SFO.
                  4,075,188 Class A ordinary shares were held by Myriad Talent Investment Limited, which is wholly owned by Mr.
                  Wangang Xu.

      (2)         1,586,965 Class A ordinary shares were beneficially owned by Mr. Tao Xu. 750,000 Class A ordinary shares
                  were held by Great Polaris Holdings Limited, which is wholly owned by Mr. Tao Xu. 1,963,035 Class A ordinary
                  shares were held by Ideal Elect Limited, of which the entire issued share capital is held by a discretionary trust
                  established by Mr. Tao Xu. Accordingly, Mr. Tao Xu is deemed to be interested in 1,963,035 Class A ordinary shares
                  directly held by Ideal Elect Limited by virtue of the SFO.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024                   87
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      (3)      5,844,735 Class A ordinary shares and 3,000,000 ADSs (representing 9,000,000 Class A ordinary shares) were
               held by H Capital through H Capital V, L.P. Ms. Xiaohong Chen is the founding and managing partner of H Capital.
               150,756 Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by Ms. Xiaohong Chen include the share options of 3,655 ADSs
               (representing 10,965 Class A ordinary shares) granted to her, RSUs of 11,698 ADSs (representing 35,094 Class A
               ordinary shares) and 34,899 ADSs (representing 104,697 Class A ordinary shares) directly held by her.


      (4)      49,758 Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by Mr. Hansong Zhu include RSUs of 5,014 ADSs (representing
               15,042 Class A ordinary shares) and 11,572 ADSs (representing 34,716 Class A ordinary shares) directly held by him.

      (5)      37,155 Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by Mr. Jun Wu include RSUs of 5,058 ADSs (representing 15,174
               Class A ordinary shares) and 7,327 ADSs (representing 21,981 Class A ordinary shares) directly held by him.

      (6)      The calculation is based on the total number of 3,479,616,986 Class A ordinary shares issued as of December 31,
               2024 (including 121,104,591 Class A ordinary shares which are registered in the name of our depositary bank for
               future issuance of ADSs upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under the Share Incentive Plans).

      (7)      The calculation is based on the total number of 3,479,616,986 Class A ordinary shares (including 121,104,591 Class
               A ordinary shares which are registered in the name of our depositary bank for future issuance of ADSs upon the
               exercise or vesting of awards granted under the Share Incentive Plans) and 145,413,446 Class B ordinary shares
               issued as of December 31, 2024.


(b)   Interests in the Shares of Associated Corporations

                                                                                                                Approximate
      Associated               Name of                                                                         Percentage of
      Corporation              Director               Nature of Interest                                        Shareholding

      Beijing Lianjia          Yongdong Peng          Interest held by controlled corporations                           3.35%
                               Yigang Shan            Beneficial owner                                                   2.45%
                                                      Interest held by controlled corporations                           8.82%
                               Wangang Xu             Beneficial owner                                                     1.14%
      Tianjin Xiaowu           Yigang Shan            Beneficial owner                                                   5.62%
      Yiju Taihe               Yigang Shan            Beneficial owner                                                   0.70%
                                                      Interest held by controlled corporations                            1.26%
                               Wangang Xu             Beneficial owner                                                   0.34%
      Beijing Beijia           Yongdong Peng          Beneficial owner                                                  25.00%
                               Tao Xu                 Beneficial owner                                                  25.00%
      Beijing Beihao           Wangang Xu             Beneficial owner                                                    4.17%
      Runizhishi               Yongdong Peng          Beneficial owner                                                  50.00%

      Save as disclosed above and in the subsection headed “Interests and Short Positions of
      Substantial Shareholders in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company” below, as far
      as the Directors are aware and as of December 31, 2024, none of the Directors or the chief
      executive of the Company had any interest and/or short position (as applicable) in the
      Shares or underlying Shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations or any
      interests in the debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as recorded
      in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
      Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




88          KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As of December 31, 2024 and as far as the Company is aware, the following persons, had the
following interests and/or short positions (as applicable) in the Shares and underlying Shares of the
Company which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO:


                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                           Percentage of
                                                                                                           Shareholding
                                                                                                          in the Relevant
                               Number of                                                                  Class of Issued
                             Shares Held                                                Long Position/          Shares(8)
Name of Shareholder          or Interested Nature of Interest                           Short Position               (%)

Class A ordinary shares
Cantrust(1)                   849,601,280 Trustee                                       Long position             24.42%
Grain Bud        (1)
                              849,601,280 Interest in controlled corporation            Long position             24.42%
Propitious Global(1)          849,601,280 Beneficial owner                              Long position             24.42%
Mrs. Zuo   (1)
                              849,601,280 Others                                        Long position             24.42%
                                   38,460 Interest held by controlled corporations      Long position              0.00%
Baihui Partnership     (1)
                              849,601,280 Interest in controlled corporation            Long position             24.42%
Ample Platinum                849,601,280 Interest in controlled corporations           Long position             24.42%
  Holdings Limited     (1)


Yongdong Peng(2)               80,528,299 Founder of a discretionary trust              Long position               2.31%
                              849,601,280 Interest in controlled corporations           Long position             24.42%
Yigang Shan(3)                  54,014,510 Founder of a discretionary trust             Long position               1.55%
                              849,601,280 Interest in controlled corporations           Long position             24.42%
Tencent Holdings              335,155,345 Interest in controlled corporations           Long position              9.63%
  Limited    (4)


Tencent Mobility              245,499,801 Beneficial owner                              Long position              7.06%
  Limited    (4)


JPMorgan Chase & Co.(5)        44,678,095 Beneficial owner                              Long position               1.28%
                               34,469,378                                               Short position             0.99%
                                 41,153,412 Investment manager                          Long position               1.18%
                                   29,400                                               Short position             0.00%
                                3,647,926 Person having a security interest in shares   Long position               0.10%
                                     1,251 Trustee                                      Long position              0.00%
                              184,676,809 Approved lending agent                        Long position               5.31%




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024          89
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                                                         Shareholding
                                                                                                                        in the Relevant
                                       Number of                                                                        Class of Issued
                                     Shares Held                                                 Long Position/               Shares(8)
Name of Shareholder                  or Interested Nature of Interest                            Short Position                    (%)

Class B ordinary shares
Yongdong Peng(6)                        101,412,226 Founder of a discretionary trust             Long position                  69.74%
ARK Trust (Hong Kong)                   101,412,226 Interest in controlled corporations          Long position                  69.74%
  Limited   (6)


Data Bliss Limited(6)                   101,412,226 Interest in controlled corporations          Long position                  69.74%
Ever Orient International               101,412,226 Beneficial owner                             Long position                  69.74%
  Limited(6)
Yigang Shan(7)                         44,001,220 Founder of a discretionary trust               Long position                  30.26%
Trident Trust Company (HK)             44,001,220 Interest in controlled corporations            Long position                  30.26%
  Limited   (7)


Sapient Rich Holdings                  44,001,220 Interest in controlled corporation             Long position                  30.26%
  Limited   (7)


Clover Rich Limited(7)                 44,001,220 Beneficial owner                               Long position                  30.26%

Notes:

(1)      Cantrust, the trustee of Z&Z Trust, in its capacity as trustee held the entire issued share capital of Grain Bud, which in turn
         owned the entire issued share capital of Propitious Global, which directly held 849,601,280 Class A ordinary shares. Z&Z
         Trust is a discretionary trust, the beneficiaries of which are immediate family members of Mr. Zuo. Mrs. Zuo controls the
         disposition right over the Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by the Z&Z Trust. Pursuant to the POA Arrangement,
         Baihui Partnership was entrusted to exercise the voting powers over the Shares held by Propitious Global. The general
         partner of Baihui Partnership is Ample Platinum Holdings Limited. 12,820 ADSs (representing 38,460 Class A ordinary
         shares) were held by Oxygen Element Limited, which is wholly owned by Mrs. Zuo.

(2)      80,528,299 Class A ordinary shares are directly held by Ever Orient International Limited, which is wholly owned by Data
         Bliss Limited. Data Bliss Limited is wholly owned by ARK Trust (Hong Kong) Limited as the trustee of a discretionary trust
         established by Mr. Yongdong Peng (as the settlor). The beneficiaries of the discretionary trust are Mr. Yongdong Peng
         and his family members. Mr. Yongdong Peng holds 50% equity interests in Ample Platinum Holdings Limited, the general
         partner of Baihui Partnership, and therefore is deemed to be interested in the 849,601,280 Class A ordinary shares
         interested in by Baihui Partnership under the SFO.




90                KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(3)   54,014,510 Class A ordinary shares are directly held by Clover Rich Limited, which is wholly owned by Sapient Rich
      Holdings Limited. Sapient Rich Holdings Limited is wholly owned by Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited as the trustee of
      a discretionary trust established by Mr. Yigang Shan (as the settlor). The beneficiaries of the discretionary trust are Mr.
      Yigang Shan and his family members. Mr. Yigang Shan holds 50% equity interests in Ample Platinum Holdings Limited,
      the general partner of Baihui Partnership, and therefore is deemed to be interested in the 849,601,280 Class A ordinary
      shares interested in by Baihui Partnership under the SFO.

(4)   Tencent Holdings Limited was interested in 335,155,345 Class A ordinary shares through its various subsidiaries or entities
      controlled by it, including 245,499,801 Class A ordinary shares directly held by Tencent Mobility Limited.

(5)   JPMorgan Chase & Co. had long position of 274,157,493 Class A ordinary shares, short position of 34,498,778 Class A
      ordinary shares and lending pool of 184,676,809 Class A ordinary shares through its various subsidiaries or entities
      controlled by it.

(6)   101,412,226 Class B ordinary shares are directly held by Ever Orient International Limited, which is wholly owned by Data
      Bliss Limited. Data Bliss Limited is wholly owned by ARK Trust (Hong Kong) Limited as the trustee of a discretionary trust
      established by Mr. Yongdong Peng (as the settlor). The beneficiaries of the discretionary trust are Mr. Yongdong Peng
      and his family members.

(7)   44,001,220 Class B ordinary shares are directly held by Clover Rich Limited, which is wholly owned by Sapient Rich
      Holdings Limited. Sapient Rich Holdings Limited is wholly owned by Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited as the trustee of
      a discretionary trust established by Mr. Yigang Shan (as the settlor). The beneficiaries of the discretionary trust are Mr.
      Yigang Shan and his family members.

(8)   The calculation is based on the total number of 3,479,616,986 Class A ordinary shares and 145,413,446 Class B ordinary
      shares issued as of December 31, 2024.


As of December 31, 2024, The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation had long position of 1,924,132,834
Class A ordinary shares represented by ADSs, short position of 1,920,232,587 Class A ordinary shares
represented by ADSs, and lending pool of 2,154,769 Class A ordinary shares represented by ADSs as
depositary bank of the Company. Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2024, the Directors
were not aware of any other person had any interest or short position in the Shares or underlying
Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under
Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024              91
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


THE SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
2018 Share Option Plan

Purposes

The purpose of 2018 Share Option Plan is to provide the participants under 2018 Share Option
Plan with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company and to encourage the
participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its Shares for the benefit of
the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.


Participants

The participants under 2018 Share Option Plan may include employees, directors and consultants
of any member of the Group who the Board considers, in its sole discretion, have contributed or will
contribute to the Group.


Maximum Number of Shares Available under the 2018 Share Option Plan

The overall limit on the number of Class A ordinary shares which may be issued upon exercise
of options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2018 Share Option Plan and any other
share option schemes of the Company at any time must not exceed 350,225,435 (the “Scheme
Limit”), representing approximately 9.67% of the total issued Shares of the Company as of the
Latest Practicable Date. No options may be granted under any schemes of the Company (or its
subsidiaries) if this will result in the Scheme Limit being exceeded. No further option under the 2018
Share Option Plan has been or will be granted after the Listing Date.


Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant

There is no maximum entitlement of each participant.


Exercise Period

Subject to the terms of the 2018 Share Option Plan, an option may be exercised in whole or in part in
accordance with the terms and conditions upon which such option is granted.


Vesting Period

In general, the administrator of the 2018 Share Option Plan determines the vesting schedule, which
is specified in the relevant award agreement.




92         KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Exercise Price

The exercise price in relation to each option shall be such price as may be determined by the Board
provided that it shall not be below the nominal or par value of a Share.


Remaining Life

Unless terminated earlier, the 2018 Share Option Plan has a term of ten years commencing on
August 20, 2018.


Details of the Options Granted under the 2018 Share Option Plan

As of December 31, 2024, the aggregate number of Class A ordinary shares subject to the
outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2018 Share Option Plan amounted
to 22,694,187, representing approximately 0.63% of the total issued Shares of the Company as of
December 31, 2024.


The table set out below shows the details of the outstanding options granted to the Director,
employees and other grantees under the 2018 Share Option Plan.


                                                                                                                       Number of
                                                            Number of    Number of         Number of    Number of      Underlying
                                          Number of           options      options           options      options         Class A          Exercise
                                         Underlying           granted    exercised            lapsed    cancelled        ordinary          price per
                                     Class A ordinary       during the   during the        during the   during the    shares as of          Class A
                                        shares as of        Reporting    Reporting         Reporting    Reporting    December 31,          ordinary
Grantees                             January 1, 2024           Period       Period            Period       Period            2024            shares

Director
Xiaohong Chen                                10,965(1)              –            –                 –            –          10,965(1)     US$0.00002
Employees and other grantees   (5)
                                         32,497,275   (2)
                                                                    –    9,491,844   (3)
                                                                                             322,209            –     22,683,222   (4)
                                                                                                                                         US$0.00002
Total                                     32,508,240                –     9,491,844          322,209            –       22,694,187       US$0.00002


Notes:

(1)        The grant date was July 23, 2021. Such options have vested upon grant.

(2)        The grant dates were from July 10, 2018 to April 2, 2022. The vesting periods were from three months to ten years.

(3)        The weighted average closing price of the ADSs immediately before the dates of exercises were US$15.25.

(4)        The grant dates were from July 31, 2018 to April 2, 2022. The vesting periods were from one year to nine years.

(5)        Other grantees were former employees.

(6)        The exercise period of the options granted shall commence from the date on which the relevant options become vested
           and ended on the expiry date, subject to the terms of the 2018 Share Option Plan and the award agreement signed by
           the grantees.


As at the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period, no options may be further granted under
the 2018 Share Option Plan.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024                    93
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


2020 Share Incentive Plan

Purposes

The purpose of the 2020 Share Incentive Plan is to promote the success and enhance our value, by
linking the personal interests of our Directors, employees, and consultants to those of Shareholders
and by providing such individuals with an incentive for outstanding performance to generate
superior returns to Shareholders.


Participants

The participants under 2020 Share Incentive Plan include a person, who as a director, employee and
consultant of any member of the Group, has been granted an option, restricted Share, RSU or other
types of awards (the “Awards under 2020 Share Incentive Plan”) approved by the Board or the
Compensation Committee pursuant to 2020 Share Incentive Plan.


Maximum Number of Shares Available under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan

According to the 2020 Share Incentive Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Class A ordinary
shares which may be issued pursuant to all Awards under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan shall be
253,246,913, representing approximately 6.99% of the total issued Shares of the Company as of the
Latest Practicable Date. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had not granted any awards in form
of options or restricted shares pursuant to the 2020 Share Incentive Plan.


Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant

Unless approved by our Shareholders in general meeting with such participant and his close
associates abstaining from voting (or associates if the participant is a connected person), the
maximum number of new Class A ordinary shares allotted and issued and to be allotted and to be
issued in respect of all awards granted to each participant pursuant to the 2020 Share Incentive
Plan (excluding any awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2020 Share Incentive Plan)
in any 12-month period shall not (when aggregated with any new Shares to be allotted and issued
to satisfy awards granted to such participant under any other share incentive plans of the Company
during this period) exceed 1% of the Class A ordinary shares in issue for the time being.


Grant of Awards

The Board and/or the Compensation Committee is authorized to grant awards to participants in
accordance with the terms of the 2020 Share Incentive Plan. Awards granted will be evidenced by
a written agreement, contract, or other instrument or document (the “Award Agreement”). The
Award Agreement shall include additional provisions specified by the Compensation Committee.
The Award Agreement shall set forth the number of Shares subject to the award and the terms and
conditions of the award as determined by the Compensation Committee.




94         KE Holdings Inc.
                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Exercise Period

The Board and/or the Compensation Committee is authorized to grant options to participants
on the terms and conditions of the 2020 Share Incentive Plan. The Board or the Compensation
Committee shall determine the time or times at which an option may be exercised in whole or in
part; provided that the term of any option granted under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan shall not
exceed ten years.


Vesting Period

At the time of grant, the Board and/or the Compensation Committee shall, subject to all applicable
laws, specify any vesting conditions, the date or dates on which the RSUs shall become fully vested
and non-forfeitable, and such other terms and conditions as the Board and/or the Compensation
Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine. For other Awards under 2020 Share Incentive Plan,
in general, the Board and/or the Compensation Committee determines the vesting schedule, which
is specified in the relevant Award Agreement.


Exercise Price of Options Granted

The exercise price per Share subject to an option shall be determined by the Board and/or the
Compensation Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement which may be a fixed price but
in any event shall not be less than the higher of: (a) the per-Share closing price of the Company’s
ADSs on the NYSE on the date of grant, which must be a NYSE trading day; and (b) the average
per-Share closing price of the Company’s ADSs on the NYSE for the five NYSE trading days
immediately preceding the date of grant. The Compensation Committee shall determine the
methods by which the exercise price of an option may be paid and the form of payment.


Purchase Price of Shares Awarded

In general, the Board and/or the Compensation Committee determine(s) the purchase prices of the
restricted Share, RSU or other types of awards, which is specified in the relevant Award Agreement.


Remaining Life

Unless terminated earlier, the 2020 Share Incentive Plan has a term of ten years commencing on
May 11, 2022.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024      95
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Details of the Outstanding RSUs Granted under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan

As of December 31, 2024, the aggregate number of Class A ordinary shares subject to the
outstanding RSUs granted under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan amounted to 84,277,398, representing
approximately 2.32% of the total issued Shares of the Company as of December 31, 2024. The table
set out below shows the details of the outstanding RSUs granted to the Directors and employees
and other grantees under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan during the Reporting Period, except for
which, no RSUs had been granted to the (i) Directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of
the Company, or their respective associates; (ii) participant with options and awards granted and
to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit; or (iii) related entity participant or service provider
with options and awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the
relevant class of shares in issue, during the Reporting Period.


                                                            Number of             Number of         Number of    Number of       Number of           Purchase
                                       Number of         RSUs granted            RSUs vested RSUs lapsed RSUs cancelled       RSUs unvested          price per
                                  RSUs unvested              during the           during the        during the   during the             as of         Class A
                                  as of January 1,           Reporting            Reporting         Reporting    Reporting     December 31,          ordinary
Grantees                                     2024                 Period              Period           Period       Period              2024           shares

Director
Xiaohong Chen                              30,975               35,094(2)            30,975(6)              –            –           35,094(2)             nil
Hansong Zhu                                 13,275               15,042(3)           13,275(6)              –            –           15,042(3)             nil
Jun Wu                                      14,232                15,174   (4)
                                                                                     14,232   (7)
                                                                                                            –            –            15,174   (4)
                                                                                                                                                           nil
Employees and other grantees(9)      79,903,590(1)(10)   29,653,281(5)(10)(11)   22,878,327(8)       2,466,456           –      84,212,088(1)(10)          nil
Total                                  79,962,072             29,718,591          22,936,809         2,466,456           –        84,277,398               nil


Notes:

(1)        The grant dates of the RSUs unvested as of January 1, 2024 were from June 3, 2021 to October 1, 2023. The grant dates of
           the RSUs unvested as of December 31, 2024 were from June 3, 2021 to October 1, 2024.

(2)        For Ms. Xiaohong Chen, 35,094 RSUs were granted on September 3, 2024, which shall fully vest on the first anniversary of
           the date of grant, with the closing price of the ADSs immediately before the date of grant of US$14.84.

(3)        For Mr. Hansong Zhu, 15,042 RSUs were granted on September 3, 2024, which shall fully vest on the first anniversary of the
           date of grant, with the closing price of the ADSs immediately before the date of grant of US$14.84.

(4)        For Mr. Jun Wu, 15,174 RSUs were granted on March 26, 2024, which shall fully vest on the first anniversary of the date of
           grant, with the closing price of the ADSs immediately before the date of grant of US$13.95.




96            KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(5)    The grant dates were from January 1, 2024 to October 1, 2024. The closing prices of the ADSs immediately before the
       dates of grants were from US$13.73 to US$19.91.

(6)    For Ms. Xiaohong Chen and Mr. Hansong Zhu, the weighted average closing price of the ADSs immediately before the
       date on which the RSUs have vested was US$16.35.

(7)    For Mr. Jun Wu, the weighted average closing price of the ADSs immediately before the date on which the RSUs have
       vested was US$13.95.

(8)    The weighted average closing price of the ADSs immediately before the date on which the RSUs have vested was
       US$15.79.

(9)    Other grantees were former employees.


(10)   The vesting schedules under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan include: (i) 100% of the awards will vest at a specified time
       after the date of grant; (ii) 100% of the awards will vest within certain years, with specified proportion being vested each
       year and/or period after the date of grant; or (iii) 100% of the awards will vest at the time of grant.

(11)   The vesting of 14,226 RSUs granted to certain employees on July 1, 2024 is subject to the satisfaction of certain
       performance targets as agreed between the Company and the respective employees. The performance targets are
       mainly based on the financial and operational indicators and/or other appropriate indicators of the Group and its
       relevant segments, as assessed by the Company from time to time. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
       Company dated June 28, 2024. The vesting of the remaining RSUs granted during the Reporting Period is not subject to
       any performance targets.


As at the beginning of the Reporting Period, 205,233,632 Awards (representing equal number of
underlying Class A ordinary shares) may be further granted under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, 177,550,520 Awards (representing equal number of underlying
Class A ordinary shares) may be further granted under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan.


2022 Share Incentive Plan

Purposes

The purpose of the 2022 Share Incentive Plan is to promote the success and enhance our value, by
linking the personal interests of our Directors, employees, and consultants to those of Shareholders
and by providing such individuals with an incentive for outstanding performance to generate
superior returns to Shareholders.


Participants

The participants under 2022 Share Incentive Plan include a person, who as a director, employee and
consultant of any member of the Group, has been granted an option, restricted Share, RSU or other
types of awards (the “Awards under 2022 Share Incentive Plan”) approved by the Board or any
committee(s) authorized by the Board pursuant to 2022 Share Incentive Plan.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024              97
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Maximum Number of Shares Available under the 2022 Share Incentive Plan

The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to all Awards under
2022 Share Incentive Plan shall be 125,692,439, representing approximately 3.47% of the total issued
Shares of the Company as of the Latest Practicable Date. Prior to the Listing, the Company had
granted 125,692,439 restricted Shares pursuant to the 2022 Share Incentive Plan representing a total
of 125,692,439 underlying Class A ordinary shares on May 5, 2022, which had fully vested on the
same day.


The Company has not issued and will not issue any further awards pursuant to the 2022 Share
Incentive Plan since its Listing.


Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant

There is no maximum entitlement of each participant.


Grant of Awards

The Board is authorized to grant awards to participants in accordance with the terms of the 2022
Share Incentive Plan. Awards granted will be evidenced by an Award Agreement. The Award
Agreement shall include additional provisions specified by the Board. The Award Agreement shall
set forth the number of Shares subject to the award and the terms and conditions of the award as
determined by the Board.


Exercise Period

The Board is authorized to grant options to participants on the terms and conditions of the 2022
Share Incentive Plan. The Board shall determine the time or times at which an option may be
exercised in whole or in part; provided that the term of any option granted under the 2022 Share
Incentive Plan shall not exceed ten years.


Vesting Period

At the time of grant, the Board shall, subject to all applicable laws, specify any vesting conditions,
the date or dates on which the RSUs shall become fully vested and non-forfeitable, and such other
terms and conditions as the Board, in its sole discretion, shall determine. For other Awards under
2022 Share Incentive Plan, in general, the Board determines the vesting schedule, which is specified
in the relevant Award Agreement.




98        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Exercise Price of Options Granted

The exercise price per Share subject to an option shall be determined by the Board and set forth in
the Award Agreement which may be a fixed price or a variable price related to the fair market value
of the Shares. The Board shall determine the methods by which the exercise price of an option may
be paid and the form of payment.


Purchase Price of Shares Awarded

In general, the Board and/or the Compensation Committee determine(s) the purchase prices of the
restricted Share, RSUs or other types of awards, which is specified in the relevant Award Agreement.


Remaining Life

Unless terminated earlier, the 2022 Share Incentive Plan has a term of ten years commencing on
May 5, 2022.


Details of the Restricted Shares Granted under the 2022 Share Incentive Plan

Prior to the Listing, the Company granted 71,824,250 restricted Shares to Mr. Yongdong Peng, our
co-founder, chairman of the Board, executive Director, chief executive officer and Controlling
Shareholder, and 53,868,189 restricted Shares to Mr. Yigang Shan, our co-founder, executive Director
and Controlling Shareholder, under the 2022 Share Incentive Plan on May 5, 2022 (collectively, the
“Restricted Shares”). The Restricted Shares have vested on May 5, 2022, and are subject to further
restrictions on transfer and dividend rights. The restrictions are to be removed in five installments
annually, subject to the approval by the Compensation Committee for each installment. As of
December 31, 2024, all Restricted Shares were subject to the restrictions.


The purchase price of the Restricted Shares was nil. The closing price of the ADSs immediately
before the date of grant was US$14.41. There was no performance target attached to the Restricted
Shares. The weighted average closing price of the ADSs immediately before the date on which the
Restricted Shares vested was US$14.41.


Save as disclosed above, no restricted Shares or other Awards had been granted to (i) other
Directors or substantial shareholders of the Company, or their respective associates; (ii) other
participant with options and awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual limit;
or (iii) related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted and to be
granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of shares in issue, during the
Reporting Period. As at the end of the Reporting Period, there was no outstanding restricted Shares
or other awards granted under the 2022 Share Incentive Plan, and no Awards may be further
granted under 2022 Share Incentive Plan.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024   99
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards granted under all
schemes of the Company during the Reporting Period, as set out in the subsection headed “The
Share Incentive Plans” of this annual report, divided by the weighted average number of shares of
the relevant class in issue for 2024 was 0.8%.


On March 4, 2024, the Company issued 49,500,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value of
US$0.00002 per Share which are registered in the name of the depositary bank for future issuance
of ADSs upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under the Share Incentive Plans.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our Articles of Association or the laws of the
Cayman Islands that would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing
Shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to Shareholders by reason of
their holding of the Company’s securities.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions
set forth in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing
Rules. Details about the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in
the “Corporate Governance Report” contained in this annual report.




100      KE Holdings Inc.
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
As previously announced, the Company established a share repurchase program in August 2022
and upsized and extended it in August 2023, under which the Company may purchase up to
US$2 billion of its Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs until August 31, 2024 (the “Existing Share
Repurchase Program”). On August 12, 2024, the Board approved modifications to the Existing Share
Repurchase Program, pursuant to which the repurchase authorization has been increased from
US$2 billion to US$3 billion of its Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and extended until August 31,
2025 (the “Extended Share Repurchase Program,” and together with the Existing Share Repurchase
Program, the “Share Repurchase Program”). In the AGM held on June 14, 2024, the Shareholders
have approved to grant the Board a general unconditional mandate to purchase the Company’s
own Shares (the “2024 Share Repurchase Mandate”) which covers the repurchases under the
Extended Share Repurchase Program until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company. After
the expiry of the 2024 Share Repurchase Mandate, the Company will seek for another general
unconditional mandate for repurchase from the Shareholders at the next AGM to continue its share
repurchase under the Extended Share Repurchase Program.

During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 48,221,065 ADSs (representing
144,663,195 Class A ordinary shares) on the NYSE at an aggregate consideration of US$715,510,590.66.
Details of the repurchase of Class A ordinary shares represented by ADSs on the NYSE during the
Reporting Period are summarized as follows:

                                                       Price Paid per Share
                                 Number and
                                   Method of
                                Repurchased            Highest              Lowest           Aggregate
Month of Repurchase                  Shares          Price Paid          Price Paid       Consideration
                                                          (US$)               (US$)               (US$)
January 2024                        21,969,609             5.33                  4.30      104,535,169.47
                                  on the NYSE
March 2024                         25,029,735              4.80                  4.22      115,449,467.38
                                  on the NYSE
April 2024                         24,685,980              5.25                  4.17      110,759,992.05
                                  on the NYSE
May 2024                             4,385,676             5.66                  4.97       24,256,103.19
                                  on the NYSE
June 2024                             4,915,680            5.20                  4.86       24,999,574.71
                                  on the NYSE
July 2024                           15,237,504             5.37                  4.47       72,785,130.98
                                  on the NYSE
August 2024                         15,439,407              5.14                 4.31      73,203,609.29
                                  on the NYSE
September 2024                       12,054,612            5.64                  4.43       57,532,145.02
                                  on the NYSE
November 2024                         2,554,851            6.54                  6.00       15,999,972.27
                                  on the NYSE
December 2024                         18,390,141           7.50                  5.98      115,989,426.29
                                  on the NYSE
Total                            144,663,195                                              715,510,590.66
                                 on the NYSE



                                                                              Annual Report 2024       101
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Board considers that the Share Repurchase Program reflects the confidence of the Board and
the management team in the current and long-term business outlook and growth of the Company.
The Board considers that the Share Repurchase Program is in the best interest of the Company and
its Shareholders as a whole.


A total of 144,663,195 Class A ordinary shares represented by ADSs repurchased during the Reporting
Period has been cancelled, including the 20,944,992 Class A ordinary shares represented by ADSs
repurchased in November and December 2024 and cancelled in February 2025. Upon cancellation
of the Class A ordinary shares converted from the ADSs repurchased, the WVR beneficiaries of the
Company simultaneously reduced their WVR in the Company proportionately by way of converting
their Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares on a one-to-one ratio pursuant to Rule
8A.21 of the Listing Rules, such that the proportion of shares carrying WVR of the Company shall
not be increased, pursuant to the requirements under Rules 8A.13 and 8A.15 of the Listing Rules.
Accordingly, a total of 5,802,983 Class B ordinary shares has been converted into Class A ordinary
shares on a one-to-one ratio, including (i) 4,047,035 Class B ordinary shares converted by Mr.
Yongdong Peng, through a discretionary trust established by him (as the settlor), and (ii) 1,755,948
Class B ordinary shares converted by Mr. Yigang Shan, through a discretionary trust established
by him (as the settlor). As a result of the cancellation of the Class A ordinary shares represented
by ADSs repurchased during the Reporting Period and the conversion of 5,802,983 Class B ordinary
shares into Class A ordinary shares on a one-to-one ratio, the number of Class A ordinary shares in
issue was reduced by 138,860,212.


Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or
redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sales of treasury shares) during the
Reporting Period.


REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing
Rules and the CG Code. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are, among other things, to
review and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control systems of the Group,
manage risk, oversee the internal audit function, and provide advice and comments to the
Board. The Audit Committee comprises Ms. Xiaohong Chen (chairperson, being our independent
non-executive Director with the appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related
financial management expertise), Mr. Hansong Zhu and Mr. Jun Wu, all of whom are independent
non-executive Directors.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the Consolidated Financial Statements and annual results
of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024. The Audit Committee has also discussed
matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and
internal control with members of senior management and the external auditor of the Company,
PricewaterhouseCoopers.




102      KE Holdings Inc.
                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the
Listing Rules.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors,
during the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, the Company has maintained
sufficient public float as required by the Listing Rules.


AUDITOR
On May 11, 2022, the Company successfully listed its Class A ordinary shares on the Main Board of
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and there has been no change in Auditor since the Listing.


The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group for Hong Kong financial reporting has
been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, which will retire and, being eligible, offer itself for
re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.




By order of the Board
KE Holdings Inc.
Yongdong Peng
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


Hong Kong, April 17, 2025




                                                                         Annual Report 2024      103
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is pleased to report to the Shareholders on the corporate governance of the Company for
the year ended December 31, 2024.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE AND STRATEGY
The Company acts as an investment holding company and Beike is a leading integrated online and
offline platform for housing transactions and services. As a group with diversified businesses, by
recognising the importance of stakeholders at the Board level and throughout the Group, we strive
to provide high quality and reliable products and services, and to create values for the stakeholders
through sustainable growth and continuous development.


Our corporate mission is “admirable service, joyful living.” With the rapid development of the
industry, Beike is dedicated to facilitating the transformation of the industry infrastructure,
constantly improving the status of China’s housing related industry, helping its service providers
gain dignity and bringing customers joyful living experiences.


Aligned with Beike’s cultural philosophy, we adhere to the values of “customer first, honest and
reliable, win-win cooperation, striving beyond better.” We aspire to fulfill our vision of “providing
comprehensive and trusted housing services to 300 million families,” striving for good and creating
real value.


The Group will continuously review and adjust, if necessary, its business strategies and keep track of
the changing market conditions to ensure prompt and proactive measures will be taken to respond
to the changes and meet the market needs to foster the sustainability of the Group.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance standards.
The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions
set forth in the CG Code.


Save for Code Provision C.2.1 of part 2 of the CG Code, the Company has complied with all the
code provisions set out in the CG Code during the year ended December 31, 2024. Key corporate
governance principles and practices of the Company as well as details relating to the foregoing
deviation are summarized in the sections below.


The Board will continue to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the conduct
and growth of its business and to review such practices from time to time to ensure that they
comply with statutory and professional standards and align with the latest development.




104      KE Holdings Inc.
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Second Amended and Restated Statement of Policies Governing
Material Non-Public Information and the Prevention of Insider Trading (the “Company’s Code”),
with terms no less exacting than the Model Code, as its own securities dealing code to regulate all
dealings by the Directors and relevant employees of the Company and other matters covered by
the Company’s Code.


Having made specific enquiries to all Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have fully complied
with all relevant requirements set out in the Model Code and the Company’s Code throughout the
year ended December 31, 2024.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership
and control and is collectively responsible for promoting the Company’s success by directing and
supervising the Company’s affairs. Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the
Company.


The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to
the requirements of the Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required
from a Director to perform his responsibilities to the Company and whether the Director is
spending sufficient time performing them that are commensurate with their role and the Board
responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive Directors and non-
executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong
independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgement.


Board Composition

During the year ended December 31, 2024 and up to the Latest Practicable Date, the composition of
the Board is as follows:


Executive Directors

Mr. Yongdong Peng (彭永東) (Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Yigang Shan (單一剛)
Mr. Wangang Xu (徐萬剛) (Vice Chairman of the Board)
Mr. Tao Xu (徐濤)


Non-executive Director

Mr. Jeffrey Zhaohui Li (李朝暉)




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      105
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Xiaohong Chen (陳小紅)
Mr. Hansong Zhu (朱寒松)
Mr. Jun Wu (武軍)


The biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
Management” of this report. There are no material or relevant relationships (including financial,
business, family) between the Board members.


Directors’ Attendance Records

The attendance record of each Director either physically or via video or telephone conference at the
Board meetings, the Board committee meetings and the general meeting of the Company during
the year ended December 31, 2024 is set out in the table below:


                                                          Attendance/Number of Meetings
                                                                                           Corporate   Annual
                                                  Audit    Compensation    Nomination     Governance   General
Name of Director                      Board   Committee       Committee     Committee     Committee    Meeting

Executive Directors
Yongdong Peng                           7/7         N/A              N/A          N/A            N/A        1/1
Yigang Shan                             7/7         N/A              N/A            1/1          N/A        1/1
Tao Xu                                  7/7         N/A              N/A          N/A            N/A        1/1
Wangang Xu                              7/7         N/A              N/A          N/A            N/A        1/1
Non-executive Director
Jeffrey Zhaohui Li                      7/7         N/A              N/A          N/A            N/A        1/1
Independent Non-executive Directors
Xiaohong Chen                           6/7         4/4              2/2            1/1          2/2        1/1
Hansong Zhu                             7/7         4/4              2/2            1/1          2/2        1/1
Jun Wu                                  7/7         4/4              2/2          N/A            2/2        1/1


Apart from regular Board meetings and Board committee meetings, the Chairman also held a
meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors
during the year.


The independent non-executive Directors and non-executive Director have attended the 2024
annual general meeting of the Company to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the
view of the Shareholders.


Board Meetings

Regular Board meetings should be held at least four times a year involving active participation,
either in person or through electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors.




106           KE Holdings Inc.
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management

The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company; and is collectively responsible
for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. The Board directly, and indirectly through its
committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying down strategies and overseeing
their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, and ensures
that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place. All Directors, including
non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum
of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning. The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for providing a
balance in the Board and taking a positive contribution to the development of the Company’s
strategy and policies for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions and
operations.


All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon
request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s
expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.


The Directors have disclosed to the Company details of other offices held by them.


The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and
budgets, internal control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may
involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant
operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the
Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company are
delegated to the management.


The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in
respect of legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate
activities. The insurance coverage would be reviewed on an annual basis.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The Chairman and Chief Executive Director of the Company are held by Mr. Yongdong Peng who
is the co-founder of the Company and has extensive experience in the housing transactions and
services industry.


Pursuant to Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are
expected to comply with, but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the responsibilities
between the chairman and the chief executive officer should be separate and should not be
performed by the same individual. The Company does not have a separate chairman and chief
executive officer and Mr. Yongdong Peng currently performs these two roles. The Board believes that
vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit
of ensuring consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective and efficient overall
strategic planning for the Group.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024     107
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


All major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board, including the relevant
Board committees, and three independent non-executive Directors. Directors are encouraged to
participate actively in all Board and committee meetings of which they are members, and the
Chairman ensures that all issues raised are properly briefed at the Board meetings. The Board
considers that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired
and this structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and
effectively.


Independent Non-executive Directors

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Board has at all times met the requirements of the
Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors
representing one-third of the Board with one of whom possessing appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-
executive Directors in respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence
guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent
non-executive Directors are independent.


Board Independence Evaluation

Code Provision B.1.4 of Part 2 of the CG Code stipulates that the Company should establish
mechanism(s) (the “Mechanism”) to ensure that independent views and input are available to
the Board. The Board has implemented various mechanisms to ensure that independent views
are available to the Board, including: (1) having three independent non-executive Directors
representing at least one-third of the Board; (2) making independent professional advice
available to Directors upon reasonable request under the terms of reference of each of the Board
committees of the Company; (3) requirement for each independent non-executive Director to
provide written confirmation annually as to the factors affecting their independence provided under
the Listing Rules; (4) in considering prospective independent non-executive Director candidates,
the Nomination Committee assesses independence of the candidate(s) pursuant to the director
nomination policy of the Company (the “Director Nomination Policy”) as well as with reference to
relevant guidelines set out in the Listing Rules and other factors, including but not limited to his/her
skills and experience:, integrity and character, commitment, diversity and independence; and (5)
the Nomination Committee shall review the structure, size and composition of the Board regularly in
relation to the Company’s Board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) and make proposals
accordingly.




108       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company will conduct a regular review of the implementation and effectiveness of the
Mechanism.


During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Board independence evaluations have been
conducted with reference to the measures and procedures in the Mechanism and the evaluation
results were satisfactory.


Appointment and Re-election of Directors

Each of our Directors has entered into a director service agreement with the Company for a term of
one year, subject to renewal after the existing director service agreement.


Code provision B.2.2 of part 2 of the CG Code stipulates that every director, including those
appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every
three years. Each of the Directors is subject to re-election as and when required under the Code
Provision B.2.2 of the CG Code and the Articles of Association. Under the Articles of Association of
the Company, every independent non-executive Director (including those appointed for a specific
term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director
shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which he retires and shall be eligible for re-
election thereat. The Company at any annual general meeting at which any Directors retire may fill
the vacated office by electing a like number of persons to be Directors.


The Company’s Articles of Association also provides that any Directors appointed by the Board to fill
a casual vacancy or as addition to the Board shall hold office until the first annual general meeting
after appointment. The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election.


Continuous Professional Development of Directors

Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform
their responsibilities and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and
relevant.


Every newly appointed Director has received a formal and comprehensive induction on the
first occasion of his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and
operations of the Company and full awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under
the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements. The Directors also meet with the senior
management team from time to time to understand the Group’s businesses, governance policies
and regulatory environment.


Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and
refresh their knowledge and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for Directors would be arranged
and reading material on relevant topics would be provided to Directors where appropriate.




                                                                               Annual Report 2024   109
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


During the year ended December 31, 2024, the key methods of attaining continuous professional
development by each of the Directors are recognised as follows:


Directors                                                                                            Type of TrainingNote

Executive Directors
Yongdong Peng                                                                                                         A&B
Yigang Shan                                                                                                           A&B
Tao Xu                                                                                                                A&B
Wangang Xu                                                                                                            A&B
Non-Executive Director
Jeffrey Zhaohui Li                                                                                                    A&B
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Xiaohong Chen                                                                                                         A&B
Hansong Zhu                                                                                                           A&B
Jun Wu                                                                                                                A&B


Note:

Types of Training:

A:      Attending training sessions, including but not limited to briefings, seminars, conferences and workshops
B:      Reading materials provided by external parties or by the Company including but not limited to updates relating to the
        Company’s business or directors’ duties and responsibilities, corporate governance and regulatory update, Chapter 8A
        of the Listing Rules and knowledge relating to the weighted voting rights, and other applicable regulatory requirements


BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee, Nomination Committee and Corporate Governance Committee, for overseeing
particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company are established
with specific written terms of reference (the charter) which deal clearly with their authority and
duties. The terms of reference (the charter) of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s
website and the Stock Exchange’s website. Each of the Board committees is provided with sufficient
resources to perform its duties.


Audit Committee

The Company has established an Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules
and the CG Code.


The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Xiaohong
Chen, Mr. Hansong Zhu and Mr. Jun Wu. Ms. Xiaohong Chen, who possesses the appropriate
professional qualification, or accounting or related financial management expertise as required
under Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules, is the chairman of the Audit Committee.




110         KE Holdings Inc.
                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The terms of reference (the charter) of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms than
those set out in the CG Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board in
reviewing the financial information and reporting process, risk management and internal control
systems, effectiveness of the internal audit function, scope of audit and appointment of external
auditors, and arrangements to enable employees of the Company to raise concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.


During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Audit Committee held four meetings to:


(i)     review and discuss the unaudited financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023,
        and each of the first, second and third quarters of 2024 and the relevant quarterly results
        announcements;


(ii)    review and discuss the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the
        Company for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and the 2024 interim report;


(iii)   review and discuss the implementation of the internal audit and risk management;


(iv)    discuss with the external Auditors on their review on the Company’s consolidated financial
        information for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023, and each of the first, second and third
        quarters of 2024;


(v)     discuss with the external Auditor on their integrated audit plan of 2024;


(vi)    review and discuss the policies that employees can use to raise concerns about possible
        improprieties in financial reporting, internal controls or other matters and the polices
        managing related party transactions and connected transactions; and


(vii)   review the performance and responsibilities of the Audit Committee and its charter.


The Audit Committee has met with the independent Auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers during the
year ended December 31, 2024. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to
the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control and financial
reporting matters with senior management members of the Company.


Compensation Committee

The Company has established the Compensation Committee in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the
Listing Rules and the CG code.


The Compensation Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr.
Jun Wu, Ms. Xiaohong Chen and Mr. Hansong Zhu. Mr. Jun Wu is the chairman of the Compensation
Committee.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024       111
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The terms of reference (the charter) of the Compensation Committee are of no less exacting
terms than those set out in the CG Code. The main duties of the Compensation Committee include
reviewing and determining, with delegated responsibility, or making recommendations to the
Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management,
reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policy and structure for
all Directors and senior management, reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the
remuneration packages of non-executive Directors, and review and/or approve matters relating to
share schemes.


During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Compensation Committee met twice to:


(i)     review and discuss the goals and objectives of the Company’s executive compensation plan,
        and recommend to the Board the executive compensation plan;


(ii)    evaluate the performance of the chief executive officer and other executive officers of the
        Company in light of the goals and objectives of the Company’s executive compensation plan,
        and review and discuss the executive compensation for the year ended December 31, 2023;


(iii)   review and discuss the management succession planning;


(iv)    review compensation arrangements for the Company’s employees to evaluate whether
        incentive and other forms of pay encourage unnecessary or excessive risk taking;


(v)     review and discuss the relationship between the risk management policies and practices,
        corporate strategies and the Company’s compensation arrangements;


(vi)    review and discuss the objectives and purposes of the Company’s general compensation
        plans and other employee benefit plans, including incentive compensation, equity-based
        compensation plans and other employee benefit plans;


(vii)   review and discuss the responsibilities of the Compensation Committee under the terms of
        reference (the charter) of the Compensation Committee; and


(viii) review the discussions regarding the executive compensation which are proposed to be
        included in the Company’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2023.




112       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Compensation Committee also (i) reviewed and
recommended to the Board the remuneration packages (including cash and RSUs) of the non-
executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors), and (ii) reviewed and
approved, or recommended the Board to approve, the grant of share incentives to the participants
under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan, including the grant of RSUs to three independent non-executive
Directors pursuant to his/her director service agreement and award agreement entered into
between the Company and such Directors. For details of the share incentives granted to employees,
directors and consultants of any member of the Group who the Compensation Committee
considers during the year ended December 31, 2024, please refer the subsection headed “The Share
Incentive Plans” in this annual report.


The RSUs granted to certain independent non-executive Directors during the year ended December
31, 2024 (“Director Grants”) shall fully vest on the first anniversary of the date of each grant.


The vesting of the RSUs under the Director Grants is not subject to any performance targets. The
Compensation Committee is of the view that it is not necessary to set performance targets for
the Director Grants because each of them (i) forms part of the remuneration package of such
independent non-executive Directors; (ii) is in line with the recommended best practice E.1.9 of
Part 2 of the CG Code, which recommends issuers not to grant equity-based remuneration with
performance-related elements to independent non-executive directors as this may lead to bias in
their decision-making and compromise their objectivity and independence; and (iii) is subject to
clawback mechanisms as detailed below.


Save as disclosed above, there were no material matters relating to the Share Incentive Plans of
the Company which required review or approval by the Compensation Committee during the year
ended December 31, 2024.


For further details of the remuneration of the senior management, whose biographical details are
included in section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this report, during the year,
please refer to Note 28 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein.




                                                                              Annual Report 2024    113
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Nomination Committee

The Company has established the Nomination Committee in compliance with Rules 3.27A, 8A.27 and
8A.28 of the Listing Rules and the CG code.


The Nomination Committee consists of one executive Director and two independent non-executive
Directors, namely Ms. Xiaohong Chen, Mr. Yigang Shan and Mr. Hansong Zhu. Ms. Xiaohong Chen is
the chairman of the Nomination Committee.


The terms of reference (the charter) of the Nomination Committee are of no less exacting
terms than those set out in the CG Code. The main duties of the Nomination Committee are to
make recommendations to the Board regarding the appointment of the Directors and Board
succession, review the structure, size and composition of the Board at least annually and make
recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate
strategy, and assess the independence of the Directors.


In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would
consider the candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the Director Nomination Policy that are
necessary to complement the corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate,
before making recommendation to the Board.


In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various
aspects as well as factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the Company’s Board Diversity
Policy.


During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Nomination Committee met once to review
and discuss: (i) the structure, size and composition of the Board; (ii) the independence of the
independent non-executive Directors; (iii) the implementation and effectiveness of the Board
Diversity Policy; (iv) the responsibilities of the Board committees, the committee composition
and the rotation policy of the committee chairman, and (v) the performance of the Nomination
Committee. The Nomination Committee considered an appropriate balance of diversity
perspectives of the Board is maintained.




114       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Board Diversity Policy

The Company has adopted the Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve
diversity of the Board. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse
Board to enhance the quality of its performance.


Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee reviews from time to time the
structure, size and composition of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations
on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy and to ensure that
the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board
composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will consider
a number of aspects, including but not limited to independence, gender, age, educational
background, industry experience, technical capabilities, professional qualifications, and skills,
knowledge and length of service.


The achievement of the principles of the Board Diversity Policy will be measurable on an objective
review of the overall composition of the Board, the diversity of background and experience of
individual Directors and the effectiveness of the Board in promoting Shareholders’ interests.


As of the Latest Practicable Date, the Company had a total of eight Directors, consisting of one
female and seven male Directors ranging from 45 years old to 59 years old. In terms of qualification,
the Board members have diverse professional backgrounds including finance, accounting,
electrical engineering, enterprise management and business administration, as well as expertise in
technology and strategic consulting, accounting and related financial management, investment,
capital market and risk control and extensive experiences in the Internet and real estate brokerage
industries. The Nomination Committee has reviewed the diversity policy and considers that,
appropriate balance has been stricken among the Board members in terms of genders, ages, skills,
experience and perspectives.


The Nomination Committee and the Board are of the view that the current composition of the Board
has achieved the objectives set in the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee will review
the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness at least on an annual basis.




                                                                            Annual Report 2024         115
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Gender Diversity

The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The Board currently consists
of one female and seven male Directors. The Company will take opportunities to increase the
proportion of female members of the Board when appropriate.


As of December 31, 2024, we had a total of 135,072 full-time employees, of which 84,801 were male
and 50,271 were female. The gender ratio in the workforce (including senior management) was
approximately 17 males to 10 females. The Company is aiming to achieve a more balanced gender
ratio in the workforce and will continue to monitor and evaluate the diversity policy from time to
time to ensure its continued effectiveness.


Details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in section headed
“Talent Development” in the 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance Report issued by the
Company.


Director Nomination Policy

The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and appointment of Directors
to the Nomination Committee.


The Company has adopted the Director Nomination Policy which sets out the selection criteria and
nomination process in relation to nomination and appointment of Directors and aims to ensure
that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
requirement of the Company’s businesses.


The nomination process set out in the Director Nomination Policy is as follows:


(i)     The Nomination Committee shall identify individuals who are suitably qualified to become a
        member of the Board and to select or make recommendations to the Board on the selection
        of individuals nominated for directorships;


(ii)    At an appropriate time prior to each annual meeting of Shareholders at which Directors are
        to be elected or re-elected, the Nomination Committee shall recommend to the Board for
        nomination by the Board such candidates as the Nomination Committee, in the exercise of
        its judgment, has found to be well qualified in accordance with the criteria approved by the
        Board and willing and available to serve;


(iii)   After a vacancy arises on the Board or a Director advises the Board of his or her intention to
        resign, the Nomination Committee shall recommend to the Board for appointment by the
        Board to fill such vacancy, such candidate as the Nomination Committee, in the exercise of
        its judgment, has found to be well qualified in accordance with the criteria approved by the
        Board and willing and available to serve;




116        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(iv)    In identifying candidates for membership on the Board, the Nomination Committee shall
        consider candidates recommended by Shareholders, management and Directors and shall
        take into account all factors the Nomination Committee considers appropriate;


(v)     The Nomination Committee shall review annually with the Board the structure, size and
        composition of the Board with regards to characteristics such as independence, knowledge,
        skills, experience and diversity, and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the
        Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;


(vi)    The Nomination Committee shall assess the independence of independent non-executive
        Directors; and


(vii)   The Nomination Committee shall annually review the performance of each incumbent
        Director and shall consider the results of such evaluation when determining whether or not to
        recommend the nomination of such director for an additional term.


The selection criteria set out in the Director Nomination Policy is as follows:


•       Skills and experience: The candidate should possess the qualifications, skills, knowledge and
        experience relevant to the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries;


•       Integrity and character: The candidate should possess strength of character and mature
        judgment and able to work collegially with other members of the Board;


•       Commitment: The candidate should be able to devote sufficient time, interest and attention
        to discharge duties as a member of the Board;


•       Diversity: The candidate should be considered with regard to the diversity perspectives as set
        out in the Board Diversity Policy; and


•       Independence: Independent non-executive Director candidates must satisfy the
        independence criteria set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board shall make recommendation
to Shareholders in respect of the proposed election and re-election of Directors at the general
meeting.




                                                                              Annual Report 2024   117
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Corporate Governance Committee

The Company has established the Corporate Governance Committee in compliance with the CG
Code and Rules 8A.30 and 8A.31 of the Listing Rules.


The Corporate Governance Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors,
namely Mr. Hansong Zhu, Ms. Xiaohong Chen and Mr. Jun Wu. Mr. Hansong Zhu is the chairman of
the Corporate Governance Committee.


The terms of reference (the charter) of the Corporate Governance Committee are of no less
exacting terms than those set out in Rule 8A.30 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code. The primary
duties of the Corporate Governance Committee are to ensure that the Company is operated and
managed for the benefit of all Shareholders indiscriminately, develop and recommend to the Board
a set of corporate governance principles applicable to the Company, oversee the management of
ESG related matters, and ensure the Company’s compliance with the Listing Rules and safeguards
relating to the weighted voting rights structure of the Company.


During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Corporate Governance Committee held two meetings
regarding the following matters:


(i)     reviewing the Company’s compliance with the code provisions set out in the CG Code and the
        deviation from Code Provision C.2.1 of part 2 the CG Code;


(ii)    reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance
        and code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and the Directors;


(iii)   reviewing and evaluating the ESG-related policies;


(iv)    reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors
        and senior management;


(v)     reviewing the Company’s compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a
        significant impact on the Group in all material respects;




118        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(vi)    seeking to ensure the communication between the Company and its Shareholders are
        effective and satisfactory;


(vii)   confirming to the Board that it is of the view that the Company has adopted sufficient
        corporate governance measures to manage the potential conflict of interest between the
        Group and the WVR Beneficiaries and the potential risks related to the WVR structure, in order
        to ensure that the operations and management of the Company are in the interests of the
        Shareholders as a whole during the year ended December 31, 2023;


(viii) confirming that (a) the WVR Beneficiaries have been members of the Board throughout
        the year ended December 31, 2023; (b) no matter under Rule 8A.17 of the Listing Rules has
        occurred throughout the year ended December 31, 2023; and (c) the WVR Beneficiaries
        have complied with Rules 8A.14, 8A.15, 8A.18 and 8A.24 of the Listing Rules for the year ended
        December 31, 2023;


(ix)    recommending the Board to retain the services of the compliance advisor of the Company;


(x)     reviewing the report of the information security and data compliance committee of the
        Company with respect to the data security and user privacy protection; and


(xi)    reporting on the work of the Corporate Governance Committee covering all areas of its terms
        of reference, discussing and evaluating whether the charter of the Corporate Governance
        Committee appropriately addresses the matters that are or should be within its scope.


During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Corporate Governance Committee also performed
the following work: (i) reviewing and approving the Company’s 2023 ESG report, (ii) reviewing and
approving the disclosures under the heading “Board Practices” and “Cybersecurity” included in the
Company’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC;
and (iii) reviewing and approving the Company’s 2023 corporate governance report.


The Corporate Governance Committee has confirmed to the Board that it is of the view that the
Company has adopted sufficient corporate governance measures to manage the potential conflict
of interest between the Group and the WVR Beneficiaries in order to ensure that the operations and
management of the Company are in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. These measures
include the Corporate Governance Committee ensuring that (i) any connected transactions are
disclosed and dealt with in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules, (ii) any Directors
who have a conflict of interest shall properly and duly disclose all of their respective interests and
such conflict of interest will be dealt with according to the Listing Rules and Memorandum and
Articles of Association, and (iii) the compliance adviser is consulted on any matters related to
transactions involving the WVR beneficiaries or a potential conflict of interest between the Group
and the WVR beneficiaries. The Corporate Governance Committee recommended the Board to
continue the implementation of these measures and to periodically review their efficacy towards
these objectives.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      119
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Corporate Governance Committee has confirmed that (i) the WVR beneficiaries have been
members of the Board throughout the year ended December 31, 2024; (ii) no matter under Rule
8A.17 has occurred throughout the year ended December 31, 2024; and (iii) the WVR beneficiary has
complied with Rules 8A.14, 8A.15, 8A.18 and 8A.24 of the Listing Rules for the year ended December
31, 2024. Having reviewed the remuneration and terms of engagement of the compliance adviser,
the Corporate Governance Committee confirmed to the Board that it was not aware of any
factors that would require it to consider either the removal of the current compliance adviser or
the appointment of a new compliance adviser. As a result, the Corporate Governance Committee
recommended that the Board retain the services of the compliance advisor of the Company.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems
and reviewing their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the
risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute
assurance against material misstatement or loss.


The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of
the risks it is willing to take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives, and ensuring that
the Company establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal
control systems.


The management is responsible for the overall implementation of risk management and internal
control plans and policies determined by the Board and managing the risks in connection with all
of the Company’s business operations. The management identifies, assesses and takes measures
against any significant risks that the Company is facing, and reviews the risk assessment report on
a regular basis and reports to the Audit Committee and the Board on a regular basis.


The Audit Committee assists the Board in leading the management and overseeing their design,
implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems.


The Company has developed and adopted various risk management procedures and guidelines
with defined authority for implementation by key business processes and office functions, including
project management, sales and leasing, financial reporting, human resources and information
technology.


The Company’s risk management and internal control systems have been developed with the
following principles, features and processes:




120      KE Holdings Inc.
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Organization Principles

Under the supervision and guidance of the Board, the Company has adopted a risk management
and internal control structure, referred to as the “Three Lines of Defence” model, to ensure the
effectiveness of its risk management and internal control system.


First Line of Defence – Operation and Management

The first line of defence is mainly formed by the business and functional departments of the
Company who are responsible for daily operation and management. They are responsible for
designing and implementing controls to address the risks.


Second Line of Defence – Risk Management, Internal Control and Other Functions

The second line of defence mainly consists of, among others, the internal control department,
finance department, legal department, information security department, and business compliance
department of the Company and other department with similar functions. This line is responsible
for formulating policies related to management of operations, finance, compliance and litigation,
information security and fraud risks and the internal control of the Company, and for planning
and establishing an integrated risk control system. For ensuring effective implementation of such
systems, the line also assists and supervises the first line in the establishment and improvement of
risk management and internal control systems.


Third Line of Defence – Independent Assurance

The third line of defence is comprised of the departments of internal audit and fraud investigation
of the Company.


The internal audit department holds a high degree of independence and is responsible for providing
independent evaluation on the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal
control systems, and monitoring the Company’s improvement on risk management and internal
controls.


The fraud investigation department is responsible for receiving whistle-blower reports through
various channels and for following up and carrying out independent investigations on alleged
fraudulent activities.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024      121
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Risk Management Process

The Company has established a risk management system which sets out the roles and
responsibilities of each relevant party as well as the relevant risk management policies and
processes, and maintain effective and adequate internal control system.


The business and functional departments of the company identify, assess and respond to risks in
the course of operation in a systematic manner.


The internal audit department conducted internal control assessment regularly to identify risks
that potentially impact the business of the Group and various aspects including key operational
and financial processes, regulatory compliance and information security. Self-evaluation has been
conducted annually to confirm that control policies are properly complied with by the Group.


The internal audit department is responsible for performing independent review of the adequacy
and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems. The internal audit
department examined key issues in relation to the accounting practices and all material controls
and provided its findings and recommendations for improvement to the Audit Committee.


The management has confirmed to the Board on the effectiveness of the risk management
(including ESG risks) and internal control systems for the year ended December 31, 2024.


The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee, reviewed the management report and the internal
audit and internal control reports. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Board considered
that the risk management (including ESG risks) and internal control systems of the Company are
effective and adequate. The annual review also covered, among other things, the adequacy of
resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s
accounting, internal audit, financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to the Company’s
ESG performance and reporting.


The Board is responsible for the handling and dissemination of inside information. In order to
ensure the market and stakeholders are timely and fully informed about the material developments
of the Company and information required to be disclosed by the Company in its reports or
announcements filed, disclosed, submitted or furnished to the SEC, SFC and Stock Exchange is
recorded, processed, summarized, reported and published accurately and on a timely basis, the
Board has adopted the Disclosure Controls and Procedures, which sets up the procedures and
internal controls of proper information disclosure. Control procedures have been implemented to
ensure that unauthorized access and use of inside information are strictly prohibited.




122      KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements with the
support of the accounting and finance team for the year ended December 31, 2024.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may
cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement of the external Auditor of the Company, PricewaterhouseCoopers, about their
reporting responsibilities on the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report
of this report.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
The remuneration paid and payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit
services and non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2024 is set out below:


                                                                                                                     Fees Paid/
Service Category                                                                                                        Payable
                                                                                                                        US$’000

Audit fees(1)                                                                                                               5,973
Tax fees(2)                                                                                                                   367


Notes:

(1)      “Audit fees” means the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal Auditors for the audits of
         our annual financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, review of our quarterly and interim financial
         statements.

(2)      “Tax fees” means the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal Auditors associated with
         certain permitted tax consulting service and transfer pricing service.


The policy of our Audit Committee is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by
PricewaterhouseCoopers and PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP, including audit services,
audit-related services, tax services and other services as described above, other than those for de
minimis services which are approved by the Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024             123
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Siting Li, has been appointed as the joint company secretary since September 2022, and Ms.
Yee Wa Lau of Tricor Services Limited, an external service provider, has been appointed as the joint
company secretary of the Company since the Listing Date.


All Directors have access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries on corporate
governance and board practices and matters. Ms. Siting Li has been designated as the primary
contact person at the Company who would work and communicate with Ms. Yee Wa Lau on the
Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and administrative matters.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, Ms. Yee Wa Lau and Ms. Siting Li have undertaken not less
than 15 hours of relevant professional training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing
Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution is proposed for each
substantially separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Directors. All
resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules
and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange after
each general meeting.


Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals by Shareholders

Shareholders may put forward proposals for consideration at a general meeting of the Company
according to the Articles of Association. Pursuant to Article 71 of the Articles of Association,
extraordinary general meetings shall be convened on the requisition of Shareholder(s) holding
not less than one tenth (1/10) of all votes attaching to all issued and outstanding Shares of the
Company (on a one vote per share basis) that as at the date of the deposit carry the right to vote
at general meetings of the Company, and such Shareholder(s) may also add resolutions to the
agenda of any general meeting of the Company.


The requisition must state the objects of the meeting and must be signed by the requisitionists and
deposited at the registered office of the Company, and may consist of several documents in like
form each signed by one or more requisitionists.


If there are no Directors as at the date of deposit of the Shareholder’s requisition, or if the Directors
do not within twenty-one (21) calendar days from the date of the deposit of the requisition duly
proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a further twenty-one (21) calendar days,
the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one-half (1/2) of the total voting rights of
all of them, may themselves convene a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be
held after the expiration of three (3) calendar months after the expiration of the said twenty-one (21)
calendar days.




124      KE Holdings Inc.
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


A general meeting convened as aforesaid by requisitionists shall be convened in the same manner
as nearly as possible as that in which general meetings are to be convened by Directors.


Contact Details

Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:


Address:       Oriental Electronic Technology Building, No. 2 Chuangye Road, Haidian District, Beijing
               100086, People’s Republic of China
               (For the attention of the Joint Company Secretary)
Email:         ir@ke.com

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written
requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide
their full name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’
information may be disclosed as required by law.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing
investor relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies.
The Company endeavours to maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular,
through annual general meetings and other general meetings. At the annual general meeting,
Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet Shareholders and answer their
enquiries.


Shareholders’ Communication Policy

The Company has in place a Shareholders’ Communication Policy. The policy aims to set out the
provisions with the objective of ensuring that the Shareholders, both individual and institutional, and,
in appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal
and timely access to material information about the Company, in order to enable Shareholders
to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow Shareholders and the investment
community to engage actively with the Company. The Board reviewed the implementation and
effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy and the results were satisfactory.




                                                                            Annual Report 2024       125
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its
Shareholders as follows:


(a)   Shareholders’ Enquiries

      Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s Hong
      Kong share registrar. Shareholders and the investment community shall be provided with
      designated contacts, email addresses and enquiry lines of the Company in order to enable
      them to make any query in respect of the Company. Shareholders and the investment
      community may at any time make a request for the Company’s information to the extent
      such information is publicly available through the Company’s designated contacts, email
      addresses and enquiry lines.


(b)   Corporate Communication

      “Corporate Communication” as defined under the Listing Rules refers to any document
      issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its
      securities or the investing public, including but not limited to the following documents of the
      Company: (a) the Directors’ report, its annual accounts together with a copy of the auditor’s
      report and, where applicable, its summary financial report; (b) the interim report and, where
      applicable, its summary interim report; (c) a notice of meeting; (d) a listing document;
      (e) a circular; and (f) a proxy form. The Corporate Communication of the Company will be
      published on the Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkex.com.hk) in a timely manner as required
      by the Listing Rules. Corporate Communication will be provided to the Shareholders in plain
      language and in both English and Chinese versions or where permitted, in a single language,
      in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules. Shareholders shall have the right to
      choose the language (either English and/or Chinese) or means of receipt of the Corporate
      Communication (in hard copy or through electronic means).


      Shareholders are encouraged to access the Corporate Communications posted on the
      Company’s website to help reduce the quantity of printed copies and hence the impact on
      the environment.


(c)   Corporate Website

      Any information or documents of the Company posted on the Stock Exchange’s website will
      also be published on the Company’s website (investors.ke.com). Other corporate information
      about the Company’s business overview, corporate governance and ESG will also be available
      on the Company’s website. All announcements and Corporate Communications shall be
      maintained on the Company’s website for at least five years from the date of publication.


(d)   Webcasts

      Webcasts of the Company’s quarterly, interim and annual results briefings are available on
      the Company’s website for a certain period.




126      KE Holdings Inc.
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(e)   Shareholders’ Meetings

      Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to
      attend and vote at the meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the
      meetings. Appropriate arrangements for the annual general meetings shall be in place to
      encourage and facilitate Shareholders’ participation. The process of the Company’s general
      meeting will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis, and, if necessary, changes will be
      made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best served. Board members, in particular, the
      chairman of the Board, the chairman of Board committees or their delegates and external
      Auditor should attend annual general meetings to answer Shareholders’ questions.


AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company has not made any changes to its Articles
of Association. An up-to-date version of the Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association is
also available on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024     127
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Shareholders of KE Holdings Inc.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
What we have audited

The consolidated financial statements of KE Holdings Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”), which are set out on pages 136 to 266, comprise:


•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2024;


•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and


•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy
      information and other explanatory information.


Our opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”) and
have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.



BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.


We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.




128      KE Holdings Inc.
                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code.



KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance
in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


•     Revenue Recognition – New Home Transaction Services
•     Allowance for Credit Losses – Accounts Receivable from New Home Transaction Services
•     Goodwill Impairment Assessment – Home Renovation and Furnishing Reporting Unit




                                                                         Annual Report 2024      129
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key Audit Matter                                           How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Revenue Recognition – New Home Transaction                 In response to this key audit matter, we have
Services                                                   performed the following procedures:

Refer to note 2.21 to the consolidated financial           (1)   We obtained an understanding of the
statements.                                                      new home revenue transaction process,
                                                                 including management’s assessment
Revenues from new home transaction services                      process of collectability of consideration
for the year ended December 31, 2024 amounted                    from real estate developers, and assessed
to approximately RMB33.7 billion.                                the inherent risk of material misstatement
                                                                 by considering the degree of judgment
The Group generated revenues from new home                       subjectivity, uncertainty and level of other
transaction services principally by earning sales                inherent risk factors;
commissions from real estate developers for
new home sales facilitated by the Group. The               (2)   We tested the effectiveness of controls
Group signed new home marketing service                          relating to new home revenue transactions,
contracts with real estate developers in which                   which includes controls relating to
the terms and conditions for sales commission                    assessment of collectability of consideration
earned are defined. The Group recognized sales                   from real estate developers for determining
commissions as revenues when confirmations                       timing of revenue recognition;
were received from real estate developers that
terms and conditions for commissions earned                (3)   We evaluated the appropriateness of the
were met or upon cash receipts of service                        new home revenue recognition policies as
fees if collection of the commissions was not                    adopted by the management;
considered probable.
                                                           (4)   We assessed the reasonableness of
We focused on this area due to the significance                  management’s determination on whether
of new home transaction services revenue and                     the collection of commissions earned
the significant management judgment involved                     from developers was probable to support
in determining whether collection of commission                  the establishment of a contract with the
from real estate developers is probable                          developers and whether the criteria for
to s uppor t t h e es ta b l i s h men t o f c o n tract         revenue recognition were fulfilled when the
with developers and the timing of revenue                        Company received the confirmations from
recognition.                                                     the developers that terms and conditions
                                                                 for commissions earned were met; and

                                                           (5)   Tested, on a sample basis, the revenue
                                                                 recognized for the year by tracing the
                                                                 transactions to supporting documents,
                                                                 such as contractual agreements, sales
                                                                 confirmations received from customers or
                                                                 evidence of cash receipts.

                                                           Based on the procedures performed, we
                                                           considered the new home revenue recognition,
                                                           including significant judgments adopted
                                                           by management in determining the timing
                                                           of revenue recognition, is supported by the
                                                           evidence obtained.




130       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key Audit Matter                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Allowance for Credit Losses – Accounts Receivable    In response to this key audit matter, we have
from New Home Transaction Services                   performed the following procedures:

Refer to notes 2.10 and 6 to the consolidated        (1)    We obtained an understanding of the
financial statements.                                       management’s assessment process
                                                            of credit losses provision for accounts
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had                    receivable from new home transaction
gross accounts receivable of RMB6.8 billion, for            services, and assessed the inherent risk
which an allowance for credit losses of RMB1.5              of material misstatement by considering
billion was recorded. A significant portion of the          the degree of estimation uncertainty,
gross accounts receivable and allowance for                 subjectivity and level of other inherent risk
credit losses was from new home transaction                 factors;
services.
                                                     (2)    We tested the effectiveness of controls
The allowance is management’s estimate                      related to management’s estimate of the
of expected credit losses after considering                 allowance for credit losses on accounts
historical collection activity, the nature of the           receivable from new home transaction
receivable, the current business environment                services;
and forecasts that may affect the customers’
ability to pay. Management estimated the             (3)    We assessed the appropriateness of
allowance by segmenting accounts receivable                 the models used by the management
from new home transaction services based                    to determine the allowance for credit
on certain credit risk characteristics and                  losses against accounts receivable from
determining an expected loss rate for each                  new home transaction services with
segmentation based on historical loss                       the assistance of our internal modelling
experience adjusted for judgments about the                 specialist;
effects of relevant observable data including
current and future economic conditions.              (4)    We assessed the reasonableness of the
                                                            significant assumptions and judgments
We focused on this area due to the significance             made by management to estimate
of the carrying amount of accounts receivable               the allowance for credit loss for each
from new home transaction services and given                segmentation of accounts receivable with
that significant judgments and estimates                    the assistance of our internal valuation
were adopted by management in determining                   expert; and
the significant assumptions (in particular the
segmentation of accounts receivable based            (5)    We tested the completeness, accuracy
on similar risk characteristics and the effects             and relevance of data used in the models.
of current and future economic conditions) in
relation to the determination of the allowance       Based on the procedures performed, we
for credit losses against accounts receivable.       considered the significant judgments and
                                                     estimates adopted by management in
                                                     determining the allowance for credit losses
                                                     against accounts receivable from new home
                                                     transaction services are supported by the
                                                     evidence obtained.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024       131
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Goodwill Impairment Assessment – Home                       In response to this key audit matter, we have
Renovation and Furnishing Reporting Unit                    performed the following procedures:

Refer to notes 2.15 and 12 to the consolidated              (1)   We obtained an understanding of the
financial statements.                                             management’s assessment process of
                                                                  goodwill impairment of home renovation
A s o f D e c e m b e r 31, 2024, t h e C o m p a n y ’ s         and furnishing reporting unit and assessed
goodwill balance was RMB4.8 billion, and the                      the inherent risk of material misstatement
goodwill associated with the home renovation                      by considering the degree of estimation
and furnishing reporting unit was RMB3.2 billion.                 uncertainty, subjectivity and level of other
Management performed impairment tests to                          inherent risk factors;
assess the carrying value of goodwill on an
annual basis, and between annual tests if events            (2)   We tested the effectiveness of controls
or circumstances indicate that goodwill may be                    relating to management’s goodwill
impaired.                                                         impairment assessment, including
                                                                  controls over the valuation of the home
To assess the impairment, management                              renovation and furnishing reporting unit;
determined the fair value of the home
renovation and furnishing reporting unit using              (3)   We assessed the appropriateness of the
a discounted cash flow model with assistance                      discounted cash flow model with the
from an independent professional valuer. Based                    assistance of our internal valuation expert;
on the result of the assessment, management                       and
concluded that no impairment existed for the
carrying value of the goodwill attributable to              (4)   With the assistance of our internal
home renovation and furnishing reporting unit                     valuation expert, we assessed the
as of December 31, 2024.                                          reasonableness of the significant
                                                                  assumptions used by management in
We focused on this area due to the significance                   the discounted cash flow model for the
of the carrying amount of goodwill associated                     impairment assessment (primarily with
with the home renovation and furnishing                           respect to the revenue growth rates and
reporting unit and given that significant                         discount rate) by reference to the current
judgment and estimates were involved in                           and past performance of the reporting
determining the significant assumptions (in                       unit, external market and industry data,
particular the revenue growth rates and discount                  and considering whether the significant
rate) for the impairment assessment.                              assumptions were consistent with
                                                                  evidence obtained in other areas of the
                                                                  audit.

                                                            Based on the procedures performed, we
                                                            considered the significant judgments and
                                                            estimates adopted by management in the
                                                            impairment assessment of goodwill associate
                                                            with the home renovation and furnishing
                                                            reporting unit are supported by the evidence
                                                            obtained.




132       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises all of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to
read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with US GAAP and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body,
and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                            Annual Report 2024      133
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
      statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to
      those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
      our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher
      than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
      an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
      accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
      accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty
      exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability
      to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
      required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
      financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
      However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
      statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
      represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding
      the financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for
      forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
      direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit.
      We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.




134      KE Holdings Inc.
                                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.



The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ng Ping Fai.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, April 17, 2025




                                                                          Annual Report 2024         135
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2024
(All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)



                                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                                            Note                2023          2024
                                                                                                RMB              RMB

ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents                                                     3            19,634,716   11,442,965
Restricted cash                                                               3            6,222,745     8,858,449
Short-term investments                                                        4           34,257,958     41,317,700
Financing receivables, net of allowance for
  credit losses of RMB122,482 and RMB147,330 as of
  December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively                                    7            1,347,759     2,835,527
Accounts receivable and contract assets, net of allowance
  for credit losses of RMB1,681,127 and RMB1,636,163 as of
  December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively                                    6             3,176,169    5,497,989
Amounts due from and prepayments to related parties                           24             419,270       379,218
Loan receivables from related parties                                         24              28,030         18,797
Prepayments, receivables and other assets                                     5            4,666,976     6,252,700
Total current assets                                                                      69,753,623    76,603,345
Non-current assets:
Property, plant and equipment, net                                            8            1,965,098      2,400,211
Right-of-use assets                                                           10           17,617,915   23,366,879
Long-term investments, net                                                    11          23,570,988    23,790,106
Intangible assets, net                                                        9            1,067,459       857,635
Goodwill                                                                      12           4,856,807     4,777,420
Long-term loan receivables from related parties                               24              27,000        131,410
Other non-current assets                                                      5             1,473,041     1,222,277
Total non-current assets                                                                  50,578,308    56,545,938
TOTAL ASSETS                                                                              120,331,931   133,149,283




136        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                            CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                                                                  AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2024
                             (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)



                                                                                     As of December 31,
                                                                      Note                2023              2024
                                                                                           RMB               RMB

LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Accounts payable (including amounts of the consolidated
  VIEs without recourse to the primary beneficiaries of
  RMB68,000 and RMB66,266 as of December 31, 2023 and
  2024, respectively)                                                   14           6,328,516        9,492,629
Amounts due to related parties (including amounts of
  the consolidated VIEs without recourse to the primary
  beneficiaries of RMB905 and RMB322 as of December 31,
  2023 and 2024, respectively)                                         24             430,350            391,446
Employee compensation and welfare payable (including
  amounts of the consolidated VIEs without recourse to the
  primary beneficiaries of RMB371,917 and RMB374,213 as of
  December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively)                                          8,145,779         8,414,472
Customer deposits payable (including amounts of the
  consolidated VIEs without recourse to the primary
  beneficiaries of RMB2,540,511 and RMB4,141,792 as of
  December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively)                                         3,900,564         6,078,623
Income taxes payable (including amounts of the
  consolidated VIEs without recourse to the primary
  beneficiaries of RMB35,274 and RMB35,277 as of December
  31, 2023 and 2024, respectively)                                                    698,568          1,028,735
Short-term borrowings (including amounts of the
  consolidated VIEs without recourse to the primary
  beneficiaries of nil as of both December 31, 2023 and 2024)           13            290,450           288,280
Lease liabilities current portion (including amounts of
  the consolidated VIEs without recourse to the primary
  beneficiaries of RMB383 and RMB369 as of December 31,
  2023 and 2024, respectively)                                          10          9,368,607         13,729,701
Contract liabilities and deferred revenue (including amounts
  of the consolidated VIEs without recourse to the primary
  beneficiaries of RMB4,291 and RMB2,785 as of December 31,
  2023 and 2024, respectively)                                                       4,665,201         6,051,867
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities (including
  amounts of the consolidated VIEs without recourse to the
  primary beneficiaries of RMB153,102 and RMB210,085 as of
  December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively)                             15          5,695,948         7,268,505
Total current liabilities                                                          39,523,983        52,744,258




                                                                                   Annual Report 2024           137
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2024
(All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)



                                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                  Note                 2023               2024
                                                                                                       RMB                RMB

Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities (including amounts of the
      consolidated VIEs without recourse to the primary
      beneficiaries of RMB3,788 and RMB2,374 as of December 31,
      2023 and 2024, respectively)                                                  18              279,341            317,697
Lease liabilities non-current portion (including amounts
      of the consolidated VIEs without recourse to the primary
      beneficiaries of nil and RMB452 as of December 31, 2023
      and 2024, respectively)                                                       10            8,327,113         8,636,770
Other non-current liabilities                                                                           389              2,563
Total non-current liabilities                                                                   8,606,843           8,957,030
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                               48,130,826         61,701,288
Commitments and contingencies                                                      25
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
KE Holdings Inc. shareholders’ equity:
Ordinary shares (US$0.00002 par value; 25,000,000,000
      ordinary shares authorized, comprising of 24,114,698,720
      Class A ordinary shares and 885,301,280 Class B ordinary
      shares. 3,571,960,220 Class A ordinary shares issued and
      3,443,860,844 Class A ordinary shares outstanding(1) as
      of December 31, 2023; 3,479,616,986 Class A ordinary
      shares issued and 3,337,567,403 Class A ordinary
      shares outstanding(1) as of December 31, 2024; and
      151,354,549 and 145,413,446 Class B ordinary shares issued
      and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2024,
      respectively)                                                                20                   475                 461
Treasury shares                                                                                   (866,198)          (949,410)
Additional paid-in capital                                                                     77,583,054         72,460,562
Statutory reserves                                                                                   811,107          926,972
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                             244,302             609,112
Accumulated deficit                                                                             (5,672,916)         (1,723,881)
Total KE Holdings Inc. shareholders’ equity                                                    72,099,824           71,323,816
Non-controlling interests                                                                            101,281           124,179
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY                                                                       72,201,105        71,447,995
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY                                                      120,331,931       133,149,283


(1)       Excluding the Class A ordinary shares registered in the name of the depositary bank for future issuance of ADSs upon the
          exercise or vesting of awards granted under our share incentive plans and the Class A ordinary shares repurchased but
          not cancelled in the form of ADSs.




138          KE Holdings Inc.
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2024
                               (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)


                                                                                            For the Year
                                                                                       Ended December 31,
                                                                        Note                2023              2024
                                                                                             RMB               RMB

Net revenues:
Existing home transaction services (including revenues
 generated from related parties of RMB830,295 and
 RMB644,130, for 2023 and 2024, respectively)                                         27,954,135        28,201,003
New home transaction services (including revenues
 generated from related parties of RMB2,713 and RMB1,289,
 for 2023 and 2024, respectively)                                                     30,575,778       33,653,403
Home renovation and furnishing (including revenues
 generated from related parties of RMB6,471 and RMB7,360,
 for 2023 and 2024, respectively)                                                     10,850,497        14,768,947
Home rental services (including revenues generated from
 related parties of RMB106 and RMB1,815, for 2023 and 2024,
 respectively)                                                                         6,099,747        14,334,479
Emerging and other services (including revenues generated
 from related parties of RMB26,062 and RMB22,573, for 2023
 and 2024, respectively)                                                               2,296,775         2,499,666
Total net revenues                                                       2.21         77,776,932       93,457,498
Cost of revenues:
Commission-split                                                                     (20,419,577)      (22,766,957)
Commission and compensation-internal                                                  (17,015,927)     (18,903,786)
Cost of home renovation and furnishing                                                (7,705,325)      (10,229,696)
Cost of home rental services                                                          (6,163,044)      (13,619,506)
Cost related to stores                                                                (2,872,093)      (2,854,988)
Others                                                                                (1,882,952)        (2,138,510)
Total cost of revenues                                                               (56,058,918)      (70,513,443)
Gross profit                                                                           21,718,014      22,944,055
Operating expenses:
Sales and marketing expenses                                                          (6,654,178)        (7,783,341)
General and administrative expenses                                                   (8,236,569)       (8,960,747)
Research and development expenses                                                     (1,936,780)       (2,283,424)
Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and
  other long-lived assets                                              8&9&12             (93,417)         (151,576)
Total operating expenses                                                             (16,920,944)      (19,179,088)
Income from operations                                                                 4,797,070         3,764,967




                                                                                     Annual Report 2024           139
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2024
(All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)



                                                                                              For the Year
                                                                                          Ended December 31,
                                                                            Note              2023             2024
                                                                                               RMB              RMB

Interest income, net                                                          17          1,263,332      1,260,163
Share of results of equity investees                                                          9,098           10,192
Impairment loss for equity investments accounted for
  using equity method                                                         11            (10,369)              –
Fair value changes in investments, net                                                       78,320          312,791
Impairment loss for equity investments accounted for
  using measurement alternative                                               11           (28,800)          (9,408)
Foreign currency exchange loss                                                             (93,956)          (34,674)
Other income, net                                                             16          1,869,300      1,566,038
Income before income tax expense                                                          7,883,995     6,870,069
Income tax expense                                                            18          (1,994,391)   (2,791,889)
Net income                                                                                5,889,604      4,078,180
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests
  shareholders                                                                               (6,380)         (13,280)
Net income attributable to KE Holdings Inc.                                               5,883,224     4,064,900
Net income attributable to KE Holdings Inc.’s
  ordinary shareholders                                                                   5,883,224     4,064,900

Net income                                                                                5,889,604      4,078,180
Other comprehensive income
Currency translation adjustments                                                            574,223          217,142
Unrealized gains on available-for-sale investments,
  net of reclassification                                                                   82,800           147,668
Total other comprehensive income                                                           657,023           364,810
Total comprehensive income                                                                6,546,627     4,442,990
Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling
  interests shareholders                                                                     (6,380)         (13,280)
Comprehensive income attributable to KE Holdings Inc.                                     6,540,247      4,429,710
Comprehensive income attributable to
  KE Holdings Inc.’s ordinary shareholders                                                6,540,247      4,429,710




140        KE Holdings Inc.
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2024
                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)



                                                                                         For the Year
                                                                                    Ended December 31,
                                                                     Note                2023              2024
                                                                                          RMB               RMB

Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in
 computing net income per share, basic and diluted
– Basic                                                                23       3,521,379,938     3,409,772,592
– Diluted                                                              23       3,611,653,020     3,537,408,029


Net income per share attributable to
 ordinary shareholders
– Basic                                                                23                  1.67              1.19
– Diluted                                                              23                 1.63               1.15


Share-based compensation expenses included in:                         19
Cost of revenues                                                                      502,523            521,293
Sales and marketing expenses                                                          180,465            197,320
General and administrative expenses                                                 2,345,895           1,821,817
Research and development expenses                                                     186,666           185,645




                                                                                  Annual Report 2024           141
142
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023
                   (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)

                                                                                                                Attributable to owners of KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                                                                          Accumulated
                                                                                                                           Additional                           other                                            Non-
                                                                                                                             paid-in      Statutory     comprehensive      Accumulated                     controlling         Total
KE Holdings Inc.


                                                                         Ordinary shares           Treasury shares           capital       reserves      income (loss)          deficit          Total       interests        equity
                                                                           Shares       RMB        Shares          RMB           RMB           RMB                RMB             RMB             RMB             RMB           RMB
                   Balance at January 1, 2023                         3,538,205,792     487     (6,461,286)    (225,329) 80,302,956         660,817            (412,721)     (11,405,850)   68,920,360        134,078     69,054,438
                   Net income                                                       –      –             –             –          –               –                  –         5,883,224      5,883,224         6,380      5,889,604
                   Exercise of share options                               17,029,713      3             –             –          –               –                  –                 –              3             –               3
                   Vesting of restricted share units                        5,963,517       1            –             –          (1)             –                  –                 –              –             –               –
                   Vesting of restricted share                            13,292,404       2             –             –         (2)              –                  –                 –              –             –               –
                   Share-based compensation                                         –      –             –             –  3,215,549               –                  –                 –      3,215,549             –       3,215,549
                   Repurchase of ordinary shares                                    –      – (141,064,215)    (5,150,628)         –               –                  –                 –     (5,150,628)            –      (5,150,628)
                   Cancellation of ordinary shares                     (123,459,369)     (18) 123,459,369     4,509,759 (4,509,741)               –                  –                 –              –             –               –
                   Surrender of ordinary shares                                  (37)      –             –             –          –               –                  –                 –              –             –               –
                   Appropriation to statutory reserves                              –      –             –             –          –         150,290                  –          (150,290)             –             –               –
                   Currency translation adjustments                                 –      –             –             –          –               –            574,223                 –        574,223             –        574,223
                   Acquisition of subsidiaries with non-controlling
                     interests                                                    –       –             –            –              –              –                 –                –              –         18,852         18,852
                   Disposal of subsidiaries with non-controlling
                     interests                                                    –       –             –            –              –              –                 –                –              –          (2,109)        (2,109)
                   Unrealized gains on available-for-sale
                     investments, before reclassification                         –       –             –            –              –              –            71,447                –          71,447             –          71,447
                   Unrealized gains on available-for-sale
                     investments, amounts reclassified from
                     accumulated other comprehensive loss                         –       –             –            –              –              –             11,353               –           11,353            –           11,353
                   Dividend to shareholders                                       –       –             –            –     (1,425,707)             –                  –               –      (1,425,707)            –      (1,425,707)
                   Liquidation of a subsidiary                                    –       –             –            –              –              –                  –               –                –      (51,020)        (51,020)
                   Dividend of subsidiaries for non-controlling
                     interest holder                                              –       –             –            –              –              –                 –                –              –         (4,900)        (4,900)
                   Balance at December 31, 2023                       3,451,032,020     475    (24,066,132)    (866,198) 77,583,054           811,107          244,302        (5,672,916)   72,099,824         101,281     72,201,105
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
                     (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)


                                                                                                                    Attributable to owners of KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                                                                             Accumulated
                                                                                                                                Additional                         other                                         Non-
                                                                                                                                  paid-in     Statutory    comprehensive    Accumulated                     controlling        Total
                                                                           Ordinary shares             Treasury shares             capital     reserves          income           deficit         Total       interests       equity
                                                                              Shares     RMB           Shares            RMB         RMB           RMB              RMB             RMB            RMB            RMB           RMB

                     Balance at January 1, 2024                         3,451,032,020    475       (24,066,132)   (866,198) 77,583,054           811,107         244,302       (5,672,916)   72,099,824         101,281   72,201,105
                     Net income                                                    –          –             –              –            –             –                –      4,064,900      4,064,900          13,280     4,078,180
                     Exercise of share options                             14,183,427         2             –              –            –             –                –               –              2              –             2
                     Vesting of restricted share units                    22,936,809          3             –              –            (3)           –                –               –              –              –             –
                     Vesting of restricted share                           13,297,108         2             –              –            (2)           –                –               –              –              –             –
                     Share-based compensation                                      –          –             –              –     2,726,075            –                –               –      2,726,075              –     2,726,075
                     Repurchase of ordinary shares                                 –          – (144,663,195)     (5,101,091)           –             –                –               –      (5,101,091)            –     (5,101,091)
                     Cancellation of ordinary shares                     (147,784,335)       (21) 147,784,335     5,017,879     (5,017,858)           –                –               –              –              –             –
                     Surrender of ordinary shares                                  (2)        –             –              –            –             –                –               –              –              –             –
                     Appropriation to statutory reserves                           –          –             –              –            –       115,865                –        (115,865)             –              –             –
                     Currency translation adjustments                              –          –             –              –            –             –           217,142              –        217,142              –       217,142
                     Acquisition of subsidiaries with non-controlling
                       interests                                                   –          –             –              –            –             –                –               –              –         38,710        38,710
                     Disposal of subsidiaries with non-controlling
                      interests                                                    –          –             –              –            –             –                –               –              –        (29,092)      (29,092)
                     Unrealized gains on available-for-sale
                      investments, before reclassification                         –          –             –              –            –             –           147,668              –        147,668              –       147,668
                     Dividend to shareholders                                      –          –             –              –    (2,830,704)           –                –               –     (2,830,704)             –    (2,830,704)
                     Balance at December 31, 2024                       3,353,665,027        461   (20,944,992)   (949,410) 72,460,562          926,972           609,112      (1,723,881)   71,323,816         124,179   71,447,995
Annual Report 2024




143
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2024
(All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)



                                                                                               For the Year
                                                                                           Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2023             2024
                                                                                                RMB              RMB

Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income                                                                                5,889,604       4,078,180
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
  cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                               775,042           743,728
Amortization of intangible assets                                                            627,146       268,684
Provision of allowance for expected credit losses                                            418,779          296,569
Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets                         93,417          151,576
Impairment loss for equity investments accounted for
  using equity method                                                                         10,369                –
Impairment loss for equity investments accounted for
  using measurement alternative                                                              28,800             9,408
Deferred tax expenses (benefits)                                                           (328,579)          146,921
Share of results of equity investees                                                         (9,098)           (10,192)
Dividend received from equity method investments                                              14,862           15,827
Fair value changes in investments                                                           (78,320)          (312,791)
Investment and interest income                                                             (1,413,018)     (252,967)
Foreign currency exchange loss (gain)                                                        93,956       (339,280)
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
  intangible assets                                                                             629                30
Share-based compensation expenses                                                          3,215,549      2,726,075
Changes in assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable and contract assets                                                   834,677      (2,409,998)
  Amounts due from and prepayments to related parties                                        (13,314)         42,445
  Prepayments, receivables and other assets                                                (883,309)      (269,756)
  Right-of-use assets                                                                     (6,333,845)    (5,598,510)
  Other non-current assets                                                                   (29,481)         (12,357)
  Accounts payable                                                                          482,543      2,457,443
  Amounts due to related parties                                                              4,665           (38,904)
  Employee compensation and welfare payable                                                (1,219,733)        268,693
  Contract liabilities and deferred revenue                                                1,404,932      1,386,666
  Lease liabilities                                                                        6,123,445     4,674,433
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                                           1,548,334      1,092,547
  Income taxes payable                                                                       156,278          330,167
  Other liabilities                                                                              (86)           2,500
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                  11,414,244     9,447,137




144        KE Holdings Inc.
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                    FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2024
                              (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)



                                                                                           For the Year
                                                                                      Ended December 31,
                                                                                           2023              2024
                                                                                            RMB               RMB

Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of time deposits and held-to-maturity debt investments                    (14,513,592)     (24,012,427)
Maturities of time deposits and held-to-maturity debt investments                     8,918,346         12,126,718
Sales and maturities of available-for-sale debt investments                            1,392,881                 –
Purchases of other long-term investments                                               (1,181,611)    (3,927,566)
Disposal of other long-term investments                                                338,678            132,689
Purchases of other short-term investments                                          (38,874,183)      (33,276,784)
Maturities of other short-term investments                                          41,465,679        42,609,517
Cash paid for business combinations, net of cash acquired                                (9,893)          105,024
Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries and long-lived assets                             14,838             12,185
Purchases of property, plant and equipment,
  intangible assets and other long-lived assets                                       (873,990)         (1,037,179)
Financing receivables originated                                                   (27,785,767)       (58,107,189)
Collections of financing receivables principal                                       27,112,807      56,592,404
Loans to related parties and others                                                     (47,000)         (941,600)
Repayments of loans from related parties and others                                      65,367           346,183
Net cash used in investing activities                                               (3,977,440)       (9,378,025)
Cash flows from financing activities:
Repurchase of ordinary shares                                                        (5,150,628)        (5,101,091)
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares upon
  exercise of share option                                                                     2                  2
Proceeds from short-term borrowings                                                    426,634           606,033
Repayments of short-term borrowings                                                   (755,972)         (608,424)
Dividends paid to equity holders of the Company                                      (1,425,707)      (2,830,704)
Liquidation of subsidiaries                                                             (51,020)                 –
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                           (4,900)                 –
Change in customer deposits payable and payable related to
  escrow accounts services, net                                                        (256,619)        2,139,549
Net cash used in financing activities                                                 (7,218,210)     (5,794,635)




                                                                                    Annual Report 2024           145
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2024
(All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)



                                                                                               For the Year
                                                                                           Ended December 31,
                                                                                                2023            2024
                                                                                                RMB             RMB

Effect of exchange rate change on cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash                                                       44,608           169,476
Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and
  restricted cash                                                                            263,202    (5,556,047)

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the
  beginning of the year
Including:
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                     19,413,202    19,634,716
Restricted cash at the beginning of the year                                                6,181,057    6,222,745
Total                                                                                     25,594,259    25,857,461

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the year
Including:
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                           19,634,716   11,442,965
Restricted cash at the end of the year                                                     6,222,745    8,858,449
Total                                                                                     25,857,461    20,301,414

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash change during the year                            263,202    (5,556,047)
Supplemental disclosures:
Cash paid for income taxes                                                                (2,250,992)    (2,216,919)
Cash paid for interest                                                                       (17,479)         (12,466)
Non-cash investing activities
Changes in accounts payable related to property, plant and
  equipment addition                                                                          (2,653)     (168,608)




146        KE Holdings Inc.
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.    ORGANIZATION
      (a)   Principle activities, subsidiaries and VIEs

            KE Holdings Inc. (“the Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 6,
            2018 under the Cayman Islands Companies Law as an exempted company with limited
            liability. The Company through its consolidated subsidiaries, variable interest entities
            (“VIEs”) and the subsidiaries of the VIEs (collectively, the “Group”), is principally engaged
            in operating a leading integrated online and offline platform for housing transactions
            and services in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”).


            As of December 31, 2024, the details of the Company’s major subsidiaries and
            consolidated VIEs (inclusive of the VIEs’ subsidiaries) are as follows:


                                                    Date of                  Registered/    Attributable                              Principal
                                                    incorporation            Issued and equity interest    Place of Incorporation     activities and
            Name                                    or acquisition       paid-up Capital    of the Group   and Kind of Legal Entity   place of operation
                                                                                   (’000)

            Subsidiaries
            Beike Group (Cayman) Limited            August 6, 2018                USD50            100%    Cayman Island, limited     Investment holding
                                                                                                             liability company          in Cayman Island
            Beike Finance Holdings (Cayman)         August 14, 2018               USD50            100%    Cayman Island, limited     Investment holding
              Limited                                                                                        liability company          in Cayman Island
            Sharehome HK International Limited      December 16, 2016          HKD1,000            100%    Hong Kong, PRC, limited    Investment holding
                                                                                                             liability company          in Hong Kong
            Beike Kestone Holdings (Hong Kong)      August 13, 2018            HKD0.001            100%    Hong Kong, PRC, limited    Investment holding
              Limited                                                                                        liability company          in Hong Kong
            Beike (Tianjin) Investment Co., Ltd.    September 29, 2018       USD600,000            100%    Tianjin, PRC, limited      Investment holding
                                                                                                             liability company          in the PRC
            Beihan (Tianjin) Technology Co., Ltd.   November 27, 2019         RMB10,000            100%    Tianjin, PRC, limited      Investment holding
                                                                                                             liability company          in the PRC
            Lianjia (Tianjin) Enterprise            August 13, 2018          RMB209,539            100%    Tianjin, PRC, limited      Investment holding
              Management Co., Ltd.                                                                           liability company          in the PRC
            Beijing Lianjia Zhidi Real Estate       July 25, 2005             RMB10,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Agency service in
              Brokerage Co., Ltd.                                                                            liability company          the PRC
            Beijing Lianjia Gaoce Real Estate       September 20, 2016         RMB1,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Agency service in
              Brokerage Co., Ltd.                                                                            liability company          the PRC
            Deyou Real Estate Agency Co., Ltd.      September 5, 2002         RMB50,000            100%    Shanghai, PRC, limited     Agency service in
                                                                                                             liability company          the PRC
            Shanghai Xiaoheng Internet              October 30, 2017             RMB661            100%    Shanghai, PRC, limited     Agency service in
              Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                           liability company          the PRC




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024                      147
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION (continued)
      (a)   Principle activities, subsidiaries and VIEs (continued)

                                                    Date of                  Registered/    Attributable                              Principal
                                                    incorporation            Issued and equity interest    Place of Incorporation     activities and
            Name                                    or acquisition       paid-up Capital    of the Group   and Kind of Legal Entity   place of operation
                                                                                   (’000)

            Shanghai Deyou Property Consulting      April 16, 2014            RMB50,000            100%    Shanghai, PRC, limited     Agency service in
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                      liability company          the PRC
            Sichuan Lianjia Real Estate Brokerage   December 30, 2009        RMB100,000            100%    Sichuan, PRC, limited      Agency service in
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                      liability company          the PRC
            Ningbo Fangjianghu Internet             July 17, 2018             RMB10,000            100%    Zhejiang, PRC, limited     Agency service in
              Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                           liability company          the PRC
            Tianjin Haibei Information Technology September 14, 2018           RMB1,000            100%    Tianjin, PRC, limited      Investment holding
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                      liability company          in the PRC
            Beike Zhaofang (Beijing) Technology     August 3, 2015            RMB10,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Research and
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                      liability company          development in
                                                                                                                                        the PRC
            Beike Zhaofang Technology Co., Ltd.     November 21, 2017         RMB50,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Research and
                                                                                                             liability company          development in
                                                                                                                                        the PRC
            Beike Technology Co., Ltd.              June 28, 2017            RMB100,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Research and
                                                                                                             liability company          development in
                                                                                                                                        the PRC
            Shanghai Haibi Technology Co., Ltd.     October 25, 2018           RMB1,000            100%    Shanghai, PRC, limited     Investment holding
                                                                                                             liability company          in the PRC
            Deyou (Tianjin) Real Estate Brokerage October 16, 2017            RMB30,000            100%    Tianjin, PRC, limited      Agency service in
              Service Co., Ltd.                                                                              liability company          the PRC
            Shanghai Huibeiju Technology Co., Ltd. October 27, 2022            RMB1,000            100%    Shanghai, PRC, limited     Investment holding
                                                                                                             liability company          in the PRC
            Shanghai Chenhaibei Internet            January 16, 2020           RMB1,000            100%    Shanghai, PRC, limited     Research and
              Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                           liability company          development in
                                                                                                                                        the PRC
            Qingdao Shengjia Huazhang               December 9, 2021         USD350,000            100%    Shandong, PRC, limited     Investment holding
              Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.                                                                liability company          in the PRC
            Beike Meijia Technology (Zhejiang)      December 11, 2022         USD60,000            100%    Zhejiang, PRC, limited     Investment holding
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                      liability company          in the PRC
            Beijing Beiwoo Decoration Co., Ltd.     January 5, 2022           RMB30,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Home renovation
                                                                                                             liability company          service in the PRC
            Shengdu Home Renovation Co., Ltd.       April 20, 2022            RMB50,000            100%    Zhejiang, PRC, limited     Home renovation
                                                                                                             liability company          service in the PRC
            Beijing Beike Jiaju Technology          September 28, 2016         RMB1,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Home renovation
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                      liability company          service in the PRC




148     KE Holdings Inc.
                                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (continued)
     (a)   Principle activities, subsidiaries and VIEs (continued)

                                                      Date of                  Registered/    Attributable                              Principal
                                                      incorporation            Issued and equity interest    Place of Incorporation     activities and
           Name                                       or acquisition       paid-up Capital    of the Group   and Kind of Legal Entity   place of operation
                                                                                     (’000)

           Beijing Meichen Information                September 6, 2016          RMB2,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Home renovation
             Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                                              liability company          service in the PRC
           Beijing Lianjia Rongsheng                  August 9, 2016             RMB5,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, Limited      Agency service in
             Management Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                                   liability company          the PRC
           Beijing Xinfu Housing Rental Co., Ltd.     September 5, 2013         RMB10,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Agency service in
                                                                                                               liability company          the PRC
           Tianjin Haibei Technology Services         July 14, 2017              RMB1,000            100%    Tianjin, PRC, limited      Agency service in
             Co., Ltd.                                                                                         liability company          the PRC
           Beijing Haichuan Xingye Real Estate        April 19, 2007             RMB1,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Agency service in
             Management Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                                   liability company          the PRC
           Consolidated VIEs
           Beijing Lianjia Real Estate Brokerage      September 30, 2001        RMB19,369            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Mobile application
             Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Lianjia”)   (i)
                                                                                                               liability company          development and
                                                                                                                                          operation in the
                                                                                                                                          PRC
           Beijing Yiju Taihe Technology Co., Ltd.    July 23, 2010            RMB753,036            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Holding company of
             (“Yiju Taihe”)                                                                                    liability company          licensed financial
                                                                                                                                          business in the
                                                                                                                                          PRC
           Tianjin Xiaowu Information &               November 14, 2017         RMB10,000            100%    Tianjin, PRC, limited      Mobile application
             Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                              liability company          and webpage
             (“Tianjin Xiaowu”)                                                                                                           development and
                                                                                                                                          operation in the
                                                                                                                                          PRC
           Subsidiaries of VIEs
           Beijing Zhongrongxin Financing             November 10, 2006       RMB1,300,000           100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Financing
             Guarantee Co., Ltd.                                                                               liability company          guarantee in the
                                                                                                                                          PRC
           Beijing Ehomepay Technologies              August 8, 2013           RMB100,000            100%    Beijing, PRC, limited      Third party payment
             Co., Ltd.                                                                                         liability company          in the PRC


           (i)           The Company has 30% direct shareholding in Beijing Lianjia through one of its wholly owned PRC
                         subsidiaries. The Company depends on a series of contractual arrangements to provide its subsidiary
                         with a “controlling financial interest” in the VIEs, as defined in FASB Accounting Standards Codification
                         (“ASC”) 810, Consolidation (“ASC 810”).

           (ii)          The English names of the subsidiaries and VIEs represent the best effort by the management of the
                         Company in translating its Chinese names as they do not have official English name.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024                      149
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION (continued)
      (b)   History and reorganization of the Group

            The Group commenced operations in the PRC in 2001 through Beijing Lianjia, which
            was established in September 2001 by Mr. Zuo Hui (the “Founder” and permanent
            chairman emeritus of the Company). Beijing Lianjia and its subsidiaries developed
            various businesses over time and expanded nationwide in China. During January 2017,
            the Group restructured Yiju Taihe, which was originally a subsidiary of Beijing Lianjia
            and operated financial service businesses, to mirror the holding structure substantially
            identical to that of Beijing Lianjia. In November 2017, the Group incorporated Tianjin
            Xiaowu, to conduct operations related to value-added telecommunication services. The
            Founder is the ultimate controlling party of the Group as he has held majority voting
            power over the Group throughout the Group’s history.


            Along with the launch of the Group’s Beike platform, the Company was incorporated
            in the Cayman Islands in July 2018 as the Group’s holding company to facilitate
            offshore financing. During July to December 2018, the Company established a series
            of intermediary holding entities which directly or indirectly hold the equity interests
            in Beike (Tianjin) Investment Co., Ltd., Jinbei (Tianjin) Technology Co., Ltd. and Beike
            Jinke (Tianjin) Technology Co., Ltd., all of which are the Company’s wholly-owned PRC
            subsidiaries (collectively, “WFOEs”). Through a series of transactions, most of the original
            subsidiaries of Beijing Lianjia have become the subsidiaries of the applicable WFOEs
            and the Group’s other PRC subsidiaries. For example, most of Beijing Lianjia’s operating
            entities are transferred to Beijing Lianjia Zhidi Real Estate Brokerage Co., Ltd. and Lianjia
            (Tianjin) Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries
            of Beike (Tianjin) Investment Co., Ltd.


            Then, through a series of reorganization transactions (the “Reorganization”), the
            Company became the primary beneficiary of Beijing Lianjia, Yiju Taihe and Tianjin
            Xiaowu through contractual arrangements. In connection with the Reorganization,
            most of the shareholders of Beijing Lianjia and Yiju Taihe or such shareholders’ affiliates
            subscribed for ordinary shares, Series B and C convertible redeemable preferred shares
            of the Company as applicable, substantially in proportion to their previous respective
            equity interests in Beijing Lianjia and Yiju Taihe prior to the Reorganization. To affect the
            Reorganization, the Group returned onshore capital of RMB3,000 million and RMB6,931
            million to preferred shareholder in 2018 and 2019, respectively. Such capital was
            reinjected to the Group offshore in 2019.


            The Reorganization was completed on December 28, 2018.


            During the second quarter of 2020, certain subsidiaries of Yiju Taihe operating
            businesses that do not restrict foreign ownership became the subsidiaries of the WFOEs.




150     KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (continued)
     (b)   History and reorganization of the Group (continued)

           On July 22, 2020, the Company effected a 5-for-1 share subdivision, following which
           each of the Company’s issued ordinary shares and preferred shares was subdivided
           into five ordinary shares and preferred shares, respectively. Upon the subdivision, the
           number of shares reserved for issuance under the Company’s existing share incentive
           plans and the number of shares to be issued under the options and other awards
           granted by the Company pursuant to the existing share incentive plans were adjusted
           to reflect the subdivision. All applicable share data, per share amounts and related
           information in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been
           adjusted retroactively to give effect to the 5-for-1 share subdivision.


           The Company has completed its initial public offering and been listed on the New York
           Stock Exchange since August 2020.


           The Company has completed its listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
           Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEX”) by way of introduction in May 2022.


     (c)   VIE Companies

           Due to the restrictions imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign ownership of
           companies engaged in value-added telecommunication services, finance businesses
           and certain other businesses, the Group operates its platforms and other restricted
           businesses in the PRC through certain PRC domestic companies, whose equity interests
           are held by certain management members of the Group and several other individuals
           and entities affiliated with the Group (“Nominee Shareholders”). The Group depends on
           a series of contractual arrangements with these PRC domestic companies and their
           respective Nominee Shareholders to provide its subsidiary with a “controlling financial
           interest” in the VIEs, as defined in FASB ASC 810, making it the primary beneficiary of
           the VIEs. These contractual agreements include powers of attorney, exclusive business
           cooperation agreements, exclusive option agreements, equity pledge agreements and
           spousal consent letters. These contractual agreements can be extended at the Group’s
           relevant PRC subsidiaries’ options prior to the expiration dates. Management concludes
           that these PRC domestic companies are VIEs of the Group, of which the Group is the
           ultimate primary beneficiary. As such, the Group consolidated the financial results
           of these PRC domestic companies and their subsidiaries in the Group’s consolidated
           financial statements.


           The following is a summary of the contractual agreements (collectively, “Contractual
           Agreements”) that the Group, through its subsidiaries, entered into with the VIEs and
           their Nominee Shareholders:




                                                                           Annual Report 2024   151
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION (continued)
      (c)      VIE Companies (continued)

               i)     Contractual Agreements with VIEs

                      Power of Attorney

                       Pursuant to the power of attorney agreements among the WFOEs, the VIEs and
                       their respective Nominee Shareholders, each Nominee Shareholder of the VIEs
                       irrevocably undertakes to appoint the WFOE, or a PRC citizen designated by the
                       WFOE as the attorney-in-fact to exercise all of the rights as a shareholder of the
                       VIEs, including, but not limited to, the right to convene and attend shareholders’
                       meeting, vote on any resolution that requires a shareholder vote, such as appoint
                       or remove directors and other senior management, and other voting rights
                       pursuant to the articles of association (subject to the amendments) of the VIEs.
                       Each power of attorney agreement is irrevocable and remains in effect as long as
                       the Nominee Shareholder continues to be a shareholder of the VIEs.


                      Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements

                       Pursuant to the exclusive business cooperation agreements among the WFOEs
                       and the VIEs, respectively, the WFOEs have the exclusive right to provide the VIEs
                       with services related to, among other things, comprehensive technical support,
                       professional training, consulting services and marketing and promotional
                       services. Without prior written consent of the WFOEs, the VIEs agree not to
                       directly or indirectly accept the same or any similar services provided by any
                       others regarding the matters ascribed by the exclusive business cooperation
                       agreements. The VIEs agree to pay the WFOEs service fees, which will be
                       determined by the WFOEs. The WFOEs have the exclusive ownership of intellectual
                       property rights created as a result of the performance of the agreements. The
                       agreements will remain effective except that the WFOEs are entitled to terminate
                       the agreements in writing.




152         KE Holdings Inc.
                             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (continued)
     (c)   VIE Companies (continued)

           i)   Contractual Agreements with VIEs (continued)

                Exclusive Option Agreements

                Pursuant to the exclusive option agreements among the WFOEs, the VIEs and
                their respective Nominee Shareholders, the Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs
                irrevocably grant the respective WFOEs an exclusive option to purchase, or have
                its designated person to purchase, at its discretion, to the extent permitted
                under PRC law, all or part of their equity interests in the VIEs (except for 3.03% of
                Beijing Lianjia’s equity interests pledged to a third party as of December 31, 2018,
                while the pledge was removed in December 2019 and all equity interests were
                subject to the exclusive option agreements). The purchase price with respect
                to the equity interests in Tianjin Xiaowu shall be the amount of paid-in capital
                or the lowest price permitted by applicable PRC law, and the purchase price
                with respect to the equity interests in other VIEs shall be the higher of RMB1 or
                the lowest price permitted by applicable PRC law. The shareholders of the VIEs
                further undertake to pay to the WFOEs any dividends and other distributions
                they receive in relation to the equity interests they held in the VIEs, to the extent
                permitted by PRC law. The shareholders of the VIEs undertake that, without prior
                written consent of the WFOEs, they will not create any pledge or encumbrance on
                their equity interests in the VIEs, approve any transfer or in any manner disposal
                of their equity interests, or any disposition of any assets of the VIEs (other than
                limited exceptions). The shareholders of each of the VIEs agree, among other
                things, without prior written consent of the WFOEs, not to cause the relevant VIEs
                to merge with any other entities, increase or decrease its registered capital,
                declare or distribute dividends, amend its articles of association, enter into any
                material contract (other than those occurring in the ordinary course of business),
                appoint or remove its directors, supervisors or other management, be liquidated
                or dissolved (unless mandated by PRC laws), lend or borrow money (except for
                payables incurred in the ordinary course of business other than through loans) or
                undertake any actions that may adversely affect the VIEs’ operating status and
                asset value. These agreements will remain effective until all of the equity interests
                of the relevant VIEs have been transferred to the WFOEs and/or its designated
                person. Jinbei (Tianjin) Technology Co., Ltd. has the unilateral right to terminate
                the agreement with Tianjin Xiaowu.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024       153
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION (continued)
      (c)      VIE Companies (continued)

               i)      Contractual Agreements with VIEs (continued)

                      Equity Pledge Agreements

                       Pursuant to the equity pledge agreements among the WFOEs, the VIEs and their
                       respective Nominee Shareholders, the Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs pledged
                       all of their respective equity interests in the VIEs to the WFOEs as security for
                       performance of the obligations of the VIEs and their Nominee Shareholders
                       under the exclusive business cooperation agreements, the power of attorney
                       agreements, the exclusive option agreements and the equity pledge agreements,
                       except for 3.03% of Beijing Lianjia’s equity interests pledged to a third party
                       as of December 31, 2018. The pledge was removed in December 2019 and all
                       equity interests became subject to the equity pledge agreements. The Nominee
                       Shareholders of the VIEs also undertake that, during the term of the equity pledge
                       agreements, unless otherwise approved by the WFOEs in writing, they will not
                       transfer the pledged equity interests or create or allow any new pledge or other
                       encumbrance on the pledged equity interests. As of the date of this report, the
                       Group has registered all such equity pledges with the local branch of the State
                       Administration for Market Regulation in accordance with PRC laws to perfect the
                       respective equity pledges. After the completion of the equity pledge registrations,
                       in the event of a breach by the VIEs or its shareholders of contractual obligations
                       under these agreements, the WFOEs will have the right to dispose of the pledged
                       equity interests in the VIEs.


                      Spousal Consent Letters

                       Pursuant to the spousal consent letters, each of the spouses of the applicable
                       individual Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs unconditionally and irrevocably
                       agrees that the equity interests in the VIEs held by and registered in the name of
                       his or her respective spouse will be disposed of pursuant to the relevant exclusive
                       business cooperation agreements, equity pledge agreements, the exclusive
                       option agreements and the power of attorney agreements, without his or her
                       consent. In addition, each of them agrees not to assert any rights over the equity
                       interests in the VIEs held by her respective spouses. In addition, in the event
                       that any of them obtains any equity interests in the VIEs held by their respective
                       spouses for any reason, such spouses agree to be bound by similar obligations
                       and agreed to enter into similar contractual arrangements.




154         KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (continued)
     (c)   VIE Companies (continued)

           ii)   Risks in relation to VIE structure

                 Part of the Group’s business is conducted through the VIEs of the Group, of
                 which the Company is the ultimate primary beneficiary. The Company has
                 concluded that (i) the ownership structure of the VIEs is not in violation of any
                 existing PRC law or regulation in any material respect; and (ii) each of the VIE
                 Contractual Agreements is valid, legally binding and enforceable to each party
                 of such agreements and will not result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations
                 currently in effect. However, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could cause the
                 relevant regulatory authorities to find the current VIE Contractual Agreements and
                 businesses to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations.


                 On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress adopted the Foreign Investment
                 Law of the PRC, which became effective on January 1, 2020, together with their
                 implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Foreign Investment Law does
                 not explicitly classify contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment,
                 but it contains a catch-all provision under the definition of “foreign investment”,
                 which includes investments made by foreign investors through means stipulated
                 in laws or administrative regulations or other methods prescribed by the State
                 Council. It is unclear that whether the Group’s corporate structure will be seen
                 as violating the foreign investment rules as the Group are currently leveraging
                 the contractual arrangements to operate certain businesses in which foreign
                 investors are prohibited from or restricted to investing. If variable interest entities
                 fall within the definition of foreign investment entities, the Group’s ability to use
                 the contractual arrangements with the VIE and the Group’s ability to conduct
                 business through the VIEs could be severely limited.




                                                                            Annual Report 2024      155
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION (continued)
      (c)      VIE Companies (continued)

               ii)     Risks in relation to VIE structure (continued)

                       In addition, if the Group’s corporate structure and the contractual arrangements
                       with the VIEs through which the Group conducts its business in the PRC were
                       found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws and regulations, the
                       Group’s relevant PRC regulatory authorities could:


                       •       revoke or refuse to grant or renew the Group’s business and operating
                               licenses;


                       •       restrict or prohibit related party transactions between the wholly owned
                               subsidiary of the Group and the VIEs;


                       •       impose fines, confiscate income or other requirements which the Group
                               may find difficult or impossible to comply with;


                       •       require the Group to alter, discontinue or restrict its operations;


                       •       restrict or prohibit the Group’s ability to finance its operations; and


                       •       take other regulatory or enforcement actions against the Group that could
                               be harmful to the Group’s business.


                       The imposition of any of these penalties may result in a material and adverse
                       effect on the Group’s ability to conduct the Group’s businesses. In addition, if the
                       imposition of any of these penalties causes the Group to lose the rights to direct
                       the activities of the VIEs or the right to receive its economic benefits, the Group
                       would no longer be able to consolidate the VIEs. The management believes that
                       the likelihood for the Group to lose such ability is remote based on current facts
                       and circumstances. However, the interpretation and implementation of the laws
                       and regulations in the PRC and their application to an effect on the legality,
                       binding effect and enforceability of contracts are subject to the discretion of
                       competent PRC authorities, and therefore there is no assurance that relevant
                       PRC authorities will take the same position as the Group herein in respect
                       of the legality, binding effect and enforceability of each of the contractual
                       arrangements. Meanwhile, since the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve,
                       the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform
                       and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involve uncertainties, which
                       may limit legal protections available to the Group to enforce the contractual
                       arrangements should the VIEs or the Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs fail to
                       perform their obligations under those arrangements.




156         KE Holdings Inc.
                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (continued)
     Summary of Financial Information of the VIEs

     In accordance with VIE Contractual Agreements, the Company (1) could exercise all
     shareholder’s rights of the VIEs and has power to direct the activities that most significantly
     affects the economic performance of the VIEs, and (2) receive the economic benefits of
     the VIEs that could be significant to the VIEs. Accordingly, the Company is considered as
     ultimate primary beneficiary of the VIEs and has consolidated the VIEs’ financial results
     of operations, assets and liabilities in the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
     Therefore, the Company considers that there are no assets in the VIEs that can be used only
     to settle obligations of the VIEs, except for the registered capital of the VIEs amounting to
     approximately RMB2.5 billion and RMB2.7 billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, as well as
     certain non-distributable statutory reserves amounting to approximately RMB142.7 million
     and RMB193.8 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2024. As the VIEs are incorporated as
     limited liability companies under the PRC Company Law, creditors do not have recourse to the
     general credit of the Company for the liabilities of the VIEs. There is currently no contractual
     arrangement that would require the Company to provide additional financial support to the
     VIEs. As the Group is conducting certain businesses in the PRC through the VIEs, the Group
     may provide additional financial support on a discretionary basis in the future, which could
     expose the Group to a loss.


     The following table sets forth the assets, liabilities, results of operations and changes
     in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of the consolidated VIEs (inclusive of the
     VIEs’ subsidiaries, and the consolidated trusts as discussed in Note 2.11) taken as a whole,
     which were included in the Group’s consolidated financial statements with intercompany
     transactions eliminated. The following disclosures present the financial positions of the
     businesses that currently constitute the VIE entities as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 and the
     operation results for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024      157
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION (continued)
      Summary of Financial Information of the VIEs (continued)

                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                      2023         2024
                                                                       RMB           RMB
                                                                    (in thousands)
      ASSETS
      Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                                   2,232,732    1,739,264
      Restricted cash                                             3,933,122    5,202,757
      Financing receivables, net                                   1,310,625   2,812,597
      Accounts receivable, net                                        27,610        31,061
      Amounts due from and prepayments to related parties            332,192     335,704
      Prepayments, receivables and other assets                     369,922       188,222
      Amounts due from non-VIE subsidiaries of the Group          2,671,350     1,584,119
      Total current assets                                       10,877,553    11,893,724
      Non-current assets
      Property and equipment, net                                   72,754        65,468
      Right-of-use assets                                              199            650
      Long-term investments, net                                         –     2,436,087
      Intangible assets, net                                        26,395         19,782
      Goodwill                                                       7,522          7,522
      Other non-current assets                                      58,420        44,594
      Total non-current assets                                     165,290      2,574,103
      TOTAL ASSETS                                               11,042,843    14,467,827
      LIABILITIES
      Current liabilities
      Accounts payable                                             68,000         66,266
      Amounts due to related parties                                   905            322
      Employee compensation and welfare payable                     371,917       374,213
      Customer deposits payable                                  2,540,511      4,141,792
      Income taxes payable                                          35,274         35,277
      Lease liabilities current portion                                383            369
      Contract liabilities and deferred revenue                       4,291         2,785
      Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                153,102      210,085
      Amounts due to non-VIE subsidiaries of the Group           4,802,196     6,888,426
      Total current liabilities                                  7,976,579     11,719,535
      Non-current liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities                                        3,788         2,374
      Lease liabilities non-current portion                               –           452
      Total non-current liabilities                                   3,788         2,826
      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                          7,980,367      11,722,361




158      KE Holdings Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (continued)
     Summary of Financial Information of the VIEs (continued)

                                                                                          For the Year Ended
                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                               2023               2024
                                                                                                RMB               RMB
                                                                                             (in thousands)

     Total net revenues from third party                                                   595,498             764,160
     Total net revenues from non-VIE subsidiaries of the Group                             263,430             363,013
     Total net revenues                                                                    858,928            1,127,173
     Net income                                                                             194,948           252,990


                                                                                          For the Year Ended
                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                               2023               2024
                                                                                                RMB               RMB
                                                                                             (in thousands)

     Net cash provided by operating activities(1)                                         1,890,990         2,893,547
     Net cash used in investing activities                                                 (193,772)        (3,791,134)
     Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities          (1)
                                                                                          (1,212,136)        1,673,754
     Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                            485,082             776,167


     (1)   The change in customer deposits payable and change in payable related to escrow accounts services were
           reclassified from operating activities to financing activities. This change in presentation had the impact of
           increasing cash flow provided by operating activities by RMB292.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023,
           and a corresponding offset in cash used in financing activities. For detail, please refer to Note 2.2.


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     2.1   (a) Impact of newly adopted accounting pronouncement

           In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280),
           Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures , which adds a requirement for
           public entities to disclose its significant segment expense categories and amounts
           for each reportable segment for all periods presented. This information is required
           to be disclosed at both interim and annual periods. In addition, this ASU requires a
           public entity to disclose the title and position of the Chief Operating Decision Maker
           (“CODM”) in the consolidated financial statements. Public entities are also required to
           disclose how the CODM uses each reported measure of segment profit or loss to assess
           performance and allocate resources to the segments. The ASU is effective for public
           entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods in fiscal
           years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Group included the applicable disclosures
           within Note 22 Segment Information. The interim disclosures will be effective for the
           Group in 2025.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024            159
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.1      (b) Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted

               In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) -
               Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures , which enhances the disaggregation of
               income tax disclosures. The ASU requires public entities on an annual basis to disclose
               specific categories in the rate reconciliation and provide additional information for
               reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold equal to or greater than 5%. Public
               entities are required to provide an explanation of certain rate reconciling items if not
               otherwise evident, such as the nature, causes and judgement used to categorize the
               item. The ASU also requires disclosure of income taxes paid (net of refund received)
               detailed by federal, state/local and foreign, and amounts paid to individual jurisdictions
               that are equal or greater than 5% of total income taxes paid. The ASU is effective for
               public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 and for interim periods
               for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2025. The Group is assessing the impact of
               adopting this standard on its financial statements and disclosures.


               In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income
               Statement Expenses (Subtopic 220-40). The ASU requires the disaggregated
               disclosure of specific expense categories, including purchases of inventory, employee
               compensation, depreciation, and amortization, within relevant income statement
               captions. This ASU also requires disclosure of the total amount of selling expenses along
               with the definition of selling expenses. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning
               after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
               December 15, 2027. The requirements are required to be adopted prospectively with the
               option for retrospective application. The Group is assessing the impact of adopting this
               standard on its financial statements and disclosures.


      2.2      Basis of preparation

               The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
               accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
               America (“U.S. GAAP”). Significant accounting policies followed by the Group in the
               preparation of its accompanying consolidated financial statements are summarized
               below.




160         KE Holdings Inc.
                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.2   Basis of preparation (continued)

           Changes in Presentation

           During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Group elected to change the presentation
           of certain cash flows on its Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, specifically
           the changes associated with customer deposits payable and payable related to
           escrow accounts services from operating activities to financing activities. Prior
           period comparative amounts have been adjusted to conform to the current period
           presentation. This change had the impact of increasing cash flow provided by
           operating activities by RMB256.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, and a
           corresponding offset in cash used in financing activities. This change in presentation did
           not affect the previously reported total cash balances on the Consolidated Statement
           of Cash Flows and had no impact on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
           Income, Consolidated Balance Sheets, or Consolidated Statements of Changes in
           Shareholders’ Equity.


           The following table presents the effects of the change in presentation within the
           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:


                                                          For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
                                                       As Previously
                                                           Reported     Adjustment     As adjusted
                                                                    (RMB in thousands)

           Cash flows from operating activities:
             Change in customer deposits
               payable, net                                (294,264)        294,264                –
             Change in payable related to escrow
               accounts services, net                         37,645        (37,645)               –
           Net cash provided by operating activities       11,157,625       256,619       11,414,244


           Cash flows from financing activities:
             Change in customer deposits
               payable, net                                        –       (294,264)       (294,264)
             Change in payable related to escrow
               accounts services, net                              –         37,645            37,645
           Net cash used in financing activities          (6,961,591)      (256,619)      (7,218,210)




                                                                          Annual Report 2024       161
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.2      Basis of preparation (continued)

               Change in segment

               In view of the increased scale and business importance of the Group’s home rental
               services, with reported revenues exceeding the quantitative threshold of reportable
               segment, effective beginning with the first quarter of 2024, the Group split out the home
               rental services as a separate segment from emerging and other services segment and
               aligned its internal financial and segment reporting in accordance with this change.
               Prior period amounts have been recast to conform to the reporting structure for the
               current year. See Note 22 Segment Information for additional information.


      2.3      Basis of consolidation

               The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company,
               its subsidiaries, the consolidated VIEs (inclusive of the VIEs’ subsidiaries) for which the
               Company is the ultimate primary beneficiary.


               A subsidiary is an entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, controls more
               than one half of the voting power, has the power to appoint or remove the majority of
               the members of the Board of directors, to cast a majority of votes at the meeting of
               the Board of directors or to govern the financial and operating policies of the investee
               under a statute or agreement among the shareholders or equity holders.


               A consolidated VIE is an entity in which the Company, or its subsidiary, through
               contractual arrangements, has the power to direct the activities that most significantly
               impact the entity’s economic performance, bears the risks of and enjoys the rewards
               normally associated with ownership of the entity, and therefore the Company or its
               subsidiaries is the primary beneficiary of the entity.


               All transactions and balances between the Company, its subsidiaries, consolidated
               VIEs (inclusive of VIEs’ subsidiaries) have been eliminated upon consolidation. The
               results of subsidiaries and VIEs acquired or disposed of during the year are recorded
               in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income from the effective dates of
               acquisition or up to the effective dates of disposal, as appropriate.




162         KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.4   Use of estimates

           The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
           management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
           of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance
           sheet date, and the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods in the
           consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant accounting
           estimates reflected in the Group’s consolidated financial statements include, but
           are not limited to (i) revenue recognition, (ii) provision for credit losses of accounts
           receivable, financing receivables and other receivables, (iii) assessment for impairment
           of long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill, (iv) valuation and recognition of
           share-based compensation expenses, (v) useful lives of property, plant and equipment
           and intangible assets, (vi) fair value of short-term and long-term investments, (vii)
           incremental borrowing rate used to account for leases, (viii) provision for income tax
           and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, (ix) liabilities related to employee
           welfare benefits, and (x) lower of cost and net realizable value of inventories. Actual
           results could differ from those estimates, and as such, differences may be material to
           the consolidated financial statements.


     2.5   Foreign currencies and foreign currency translation

           The Group’s reporting currency is Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currency of the
           Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in the Cayman Islands, BVI and Hong
           Kong is United States dollars (“US$”) and the functional currency of the PRC entities
           in the Group is RMB. The Company’s subsidiaries with operations in other jurisdictions
           generally use their respective local currencies as their functional currencies.


           Transactions denominated in other than the functional currencies are re-measured
           into the functional currency of the entity at the exchange rates prevailing on the
           transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
           are translated into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the
           balance sheet dates. Net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions
           are included in foreign currency exchange gain (loss) in the consolidated statements of
           comprehensive income.


           The financial statements of the Group are translated from the functional currencies into
           RMB. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into RMB
           using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Equity accounts other
           than earnings generated in current period are translated into RMB at the appropriate
           historical rates. Revenues, expenses, gain and loss are translated into RMB using
           the periodic average exchange rates. Translation differences are recorded currency
           translation adjustments as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) in the
           consolidated statements of comprehensive income.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024    163
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.6      Fair value measurements

               Accounting guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received from
               selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
               participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurement
               for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Group
               considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and
               it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
               liability.


               Accounting guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to
               maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
               when measuring fair value. A financial instrument’s categorization within the fair value
               hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
               measurement. Accounting guidance establishes three levels of inputs that may be used
               to measure fair value:


               Level 1 – Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets
               or liabilities in active markets.


               Level 2 – Other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.


               Level 3 – Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.


               Accounting guidance also describes three main approaches to measure the fair value
               of assets and liabilities: 1) market approach; 2) income approach and 3) cost approach.
               The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated from
               market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The income
               approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present
               value amount. The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market
               expectations about those future amounts. The cost approach is based on the amount
               that would currently be required to replace an asset.


               When available, the Group uses quoted market prices to determine the fair value of
               an asset or liability. If quoted market prices are not available, the Group will measure
               fair value using valuation techniques that use, when possible, current market-based or
               independently sourced market parameters, such as interest rates and currency rates.




164         KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.7   Cash and cash equivalents

           Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, demand deposits and highly liquid
           investments placed with banks or other financial institutions, which are unrestricted as
           to withdrawal or use, and which have original maturities less than three months and are
           readily convertible to known amount of cash.


     2.8   Restricted cash

           Cash that is legally or contractually restricted as to withdrawal or for use or pledged
           as security is reported separately on the face of the consolidated balance sheets. In
           accordance with ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows (“ASC 230”), the amounts generally
           described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents are included in the total
           cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances in the consolidated statements of
           cash flows.


           The Group’s restricted cash is mainly comprised of 1) cash received from the property
           buyers but not yet paid to the sellers through the Group’s online payment platform,
           which is placed with banks in escrow accounts; 2) security deposits for the Group’s
           agency, guarantee, property development business and financing services; 3)
           borrowings from commercial banks for limited purpose; and 4) other miscellaneous
           restricted cash.


     2.9   Short-term investments

           Short-term investments include certain debt investments purchased from reputable
           financial institutions.


           Time deposits placed with the bank are measured at amortized cost with interest
           income recognized using the effective interest method on the consolidated statements
           of comprehensive income.


           Wealth management products are certain deposits with variable interest rates or
           principal not guaranteed with certain financial institutions. Wealth management
           products are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near
           term and are classified as trading securities, in accordance with ASC 320. Unrealized
           holding gains and losses for trading securities are included in earnings.


           Held-to-maturity debt investments include debt securities issued by financial
           institutions for which the Group has the positive intent and ability to hold those
           securities to maturity. The Group account for the held-to-maturity debt investments at
           amortized cost less allowance for credit losses.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024    165
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.9      Short-term investments (continued)

               The allowance for credit losses of the held-to-maturity debt investments reflects the
               Group’s estimated expected losses over the contractual lives of the held-to-maturity
               debt investments and is charged to earnings in the consolidated statements of
               comprehensive income. Estimated allowances for credit losses are determined by
               considering reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions in
               addition to information about past events and current conditions. As of December 31,
               2023 and 2024, the allowance for credit losses provided for the held-to-maturity debt
               investments held by the Group was insignificant.


               Available-for-sale debt investments are debt instruments issued by banks and other
               financial institutions that are redeemable at the issuer’s option, which are measured
               at fair value. Available-for-sale debt investments that are redeemable at the issuer’s
               option have no contractual maturity date. Interest income is recognized in earnings.
               All other changes in the carrying amount of these debt investments are recognized in
               other comprehensive income (loss).


               The allowance for credit losses of on available-for-sale debt securities is accounted for
               in accordance with ASC 326, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (“ASC 326”). Under
               ASC 326, at each reporting period, available-for-sale debt securities are evaluated at
               the individual security level to determine whether there is a decline in the fair value
               below its amortized cost basis (an impairment). In circumstances where the Group
               intend to sell, or are more-likely-than-not required to sell, the security before it recovers
               its amortized cost basis, the difference between fair value and amortized cost is
               recognized as a loss in the consolidated statements of operations, with a corresponding
               write-down of the security’s amortized cost. In circumstances where neither condition
               exists, we then evaluate whether a decline is due to credit-related factors. The factors
               considered in determining whether a credit loss exists can include the extent to which
               fair value is less than the amortized cost basis, changes in the credit quality of the
               underlying loan obligors, credit ratings actions, as well as other factors. To determine
               the portion of a decline in fair value that is credit-related, we compare the present value
               of the expected cash flows of the security discounted at the security’s effective interest
               rate to the amortized cost basis of the security. A credit-related impairment is limited to
               the difference between fair value and amortized cost, and recognized as an allowance
               for credit loss on the consolidated balance sheets with a corresponding adjustment
               to net income (loss). Any remaining decline in fair value that is non-credit related is
               recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. Improvements in expected
               cash flows due to improvements in credit are recognized through reversal of the credit
               loss and corresponding reduction in the allowance for credit loss. As of December 31,
               2023 and 2024, the allowance for credit losses provided for the available-for-sale debt
               securities held by the Group was insignificant.




166         KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.9    Short-term investments (continued)

            Investments with expected maturity of over a year are classified as long-term
            investments. Investments with maturity date within one year will be reclassified to
            short-term investments.


     2.10   Accounts receivable

            Accounts receivable represents those receivables derived in the ordinary course
            of business, net of allowance for credit losses, including receivables from real
            estate property sellers, buyers and agents from the platform. The Group assesses
            the allowance for credit losses in accordance with ASC 326. The allowance is
            management’s estimate of expected credit losses after considering historical collection
            activity, the nature of the receivable, the current business environment and forecasts
            that may affect the customers’ ability to pay. Management estimated the allowance
            by segmenting accounts receivable based on certain credit risk characteristics and
            determining an expected loss rate for each segmentation based on historical loss
            experience adjusted for judgments about the effects of relevant observable data
            including current and future economic conditions.


            Practical Expedients

            The Group has used the following practical expedients as allowed under ASC 326: The
            Group use, as a practical expedient, the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date
            when recording the net carrying amount of the asset and determining the allowance for
            credit losses for a financial asset for which the repayment is expected to be provided
            substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral when the borrower is
            experiencing financial difficulty based on the entity’s assessment as of the reporting
            date (collateral-dependent financial asset).


            The allowance for credit losses and corresponding receivables were written off when
            they are determined to be uncollectible.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024       167
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.11      Financing receivables

                The Group generates financing receivables by providing personal credit loans to
                property owners, tenants and other individual borrowers. The Group has the intent and
                the ability to hold such financing receivables for the foreseeable future or until maturity
                or payoff.


                Financing receivables from consolidated Trusts

                The Group has entered into arrangements with consolidated trusts (“Trusts”),
                pursuant to which the Group invested in the financing receivables using funds from
                the consolidated Trusts. The Trusts are administered by third party trust companies,
                which act as the trustees, with funds contributed by the Group and/or other third party
                investors for the purposes of providing returns to the beneficiary of the Trusts. The Group
                has power to direct the activities of the Trusts and has the obligation to absorb losses
                or the right to receive benefits from the Trusts that could potentially be significant to the
                Trusts. As a result, the Trusts are considered consolidated VIEs of the Group under ASC
                810.


                Therefore, the loans funded by the consolidated Trusts are recorded as the Group’s
                financing receivables. The proceeds received from the third party investors are
                recognized as funding debts. Cash received via consolidated Trusts that has not yet
                been distributed is recorded as restricted cash.


                Financing receivables from micro-loan platforms

                The Group also offers micro loans to borrowers via micro loan platforms. The loans
                offered mainly include: 1) installment loans for home renovation and furnishing to
                property owners; 2) loans provided to external small property agents; 3) loans provided
                to other individuals. As the Group undertakes substantially all the risks and rewards,
                the micro loans are recognized as financing receivables on the consolidated balance
                sheets.


                Measurement of financing receivables

                Financing receivables are measured at amortized cost and reported on the
                consolidated balance sheets at outstanding principal adjusted for any write offs and
                the allowance for credit losses.




168          KE Holdings Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.11   Financing receivables (continued)

            Allowance for credit losses

            The Group assesses the allowance for credit losses in accordance with ASC 326,
            based on the past collection experience as well as consideration of current and
            future economic conditions and changes in the Group’s customer collection trends.
            The provision for credit losses represents an estimate of the losses expected to be
            incurred from the Group’s financing receivable portfolio. The Group uses projected risk
            parameters (e.g. probability of default and loss given default (severity)) to estimate
            the allowance of different segmentations, driven primarily by business type, on a
            collective basis. This projected risk parameters are primarily based upon historical
            loss experience adjusted for judgments about the effects of relevant observable data
            including current and future economic conditions as well as external historical loan
            performance trends, recovery rates and credit quality indicators. The allowance for
            credit losses and corresponding receivables were written off when they are determined
            to be uncollectible.


            The Group considers available information in quarterly assessments of the adequacy of
            the allowance. The Group believes the estimates, including any qualitative adjustments,
            are reasonable and have considered reasonably available information about past
            events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future events
            and economic conditions.


            Accrued interest receivable

            Accrued interest income on financing receivables is calculated based on the effective
            interest rate of the loan and recorded as interest income as earned. The outstanding
            principal balance of loans which has not been collected prior to the contractual
            maturity date is considered to be past due. When a financing receivable reaches 1 day
            past due, it is placed on non-accrual status, and the Group stops accruing interest of
            the financing receivables as of such date. The accrued but unpaid interest as of such
            date is not reversed. The Group assesses the collectability of accrued interest together
            with the unpaid principal amount and provides reserves. Cash receipt of non-accrual
            financing receivables would be first applied to any unpaid principal, late payment
            fees, if any, before recognizing interest income. The Group does not resume accrual
            of interest after a loan has been placed on non-accrual basis. For the years ended
            December 31, 2023 and 2024, the amount of interest income recognized on non-accrual
            financial assets was insignificant.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024      169
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.12   Inventories

             Inventories mainly consist of inventories of properties related to the Group’s Beihaojia
             business and inventories of home renovation and furnishing business.


             Inventories of properties

             Inventories of properties are stated at cost and include properties under development
             which are intended to be sold upon completion of development and completed
             properties held for sales, which are classified as current assets.


             A variety of costs are incurred in the development of properties. Determination of when
             a development project is substantially complete and capitalization must cease involves
             a degree of judgment. The Group adopts the capitalization policy on development
             properties which is guided by ASC 835-20, Interest – Capitalization of Interest (“ASC
             835-20”) and ASC 970, Real Estate – General (“ASC 970”). Development expenditures,
             including costs of land use rights, deed tax, pre-development costs and engineering
             costs, are capitalized and allocated to development projects by the specific
             identification method.


             In accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment (“ASC 360”), real estate
             property development completed and under development are subject to valuation
             adjustments when the carrying amount exceeds fair value. An impairment loss is
             recognized only if the carrying amount of the assets is not recoverable and exceeds fair
             value. The carrying amount is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted
             cash flows expected to be generated by the assets.


             When the profitability of a current project deteriorates due to a slowdown in the sales
             pace, reduction of pricing or some other factor, this indicates that there may be a
             possible future loss on delivery and possible impairment in the recoverability of the
             assets. Accordingly, the assets of such project are subsequently reviewed for future
             losses and impairment by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flows for
             the project to the carrying value of such project. If the estimated future undiscounted
             cash flows are less than the asset’s carrying value, such deficit will be charged as a
             future loss and the asset will then be written down to its estimated fair value.


             Properties under development are transferred to properties held for sales upon
             completion. Properties held-for-sale are classified as inventories until delivered and
             accepted by customer.




170      KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.12   Inventories (continued)

            Inventories of properties (continued)

            The Group transfers a property from property held for sales to property, plant and
            equipment when there is a change in use to hold the property to earn rentals rather
            than for sale in the ordinary course of business, which is evidenced by the inception of
            an operating lease to another party.


            Inventories of home renovation and furnishing business

            Inventories of home renovation and furnishing business mainly consist of materials used
            for home renovation as well as furniture, electronic and home appliances products for
            sale, which are valued at the lower of moving weighted average cost or net realizable
            value. As of December 31, 2024, no adjustment is deemed necessary to reduce inventory
            to net realizable value due to the rapid turnover and high utilization of inventory.


            Inventories are included in the prepayments, receivables and other assets line item in
            the Group’s consolidated balance sheets.


     2.13   Property, plant and equipment, net

            Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
            impairment, if any. Depreciation is computed based upon the usage of the asset, which
            is approximated using a straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
            assets, which range as follows:


            • Office building                      20 – 40 years
            • Vehicles                             4 years
            • Computer equipment                   3 – 5 years
            • Furniture and office equipment       3 – 5 years
            • Leasehold improvement                lesser of the term of the lease or the estimated
                                                   useful lives of the assets

            Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. The gain or loss on
            the disposal of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sales
            proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant assets and is recognized in “Other
            income, net”, in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.




                                                                                Annual Report 2024    171
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.14   Intangible assets, net

             Intangible assets mainly include those acquired through business combinations
             and purchased intangible assets. Intangible assets acquired through business
             combinations are recognized as assets separate from goodwill if they satisfy either the
             “contractual-legal” or “separability” criterion. Intangible assets arising from business
             combinations are recognized and measured at fair value upon acquisition. Purchased
             intangible assets are initially recognized and measured at cost upon acquisition.
             Separately identifiable intangible assets that have determinable lives continue to be
             amortized over their estimated useful lives based upon the usage of the asset, which is
             approximated using a straight-line method as follows:


             • Software                            3 – 10 years
             • Trademarks and domain names         3 – 10 years
             • Non-competition agreements          3 – 5 years
             • Advertising resources               5 years
             • Licenses                            6 – 10 years

             The Group considers the factors listed in ASC 350-30-35-3 when determining the useful
             life of an intangible asset, such as the expected use of the asset by the entity, and any
             legal, regulatory, or contractual provisions that may limit the useful life. The useful life
             of software is mainly determined based on its expected use and contractual provisions.
             The useful life of trademarks and domain names is determined based on the expected
             use and legal provisions. The useful life of licenses, which are mainly licenses for
             franchise business, is determined on the expected cooperation period with franchisees.


             Separately identifiable intangible assets and other long-lived assets to be held and
             used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
             indicate that the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable.
             Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash
             flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of
             any impairment loss for identifiable intangible assets is based on the amounts by which
             the carrying amounts of the assets exceed the fair values of the assets.




172      KE Holdings Inc.
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.15   Goodwill

            Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the
            identifiable assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination.


            Goodwill is not depreciated or amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual
            basis, and between annual tests if events or circumstances indicate that the goodwill
            may be impaired. The Group adopted ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles – Goodwill and
            Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment in 2019. In accordance
            with the FASB, a company first has the option to assess qualitative factors to determine
            whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its
            carrying amount. In the qualitative assessment, the Group considers primary factors
            such as industry and market considerations, overall financial performance of the
            reporting unit, and other specific information related to the operations. If the Group
            decides, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that
            the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative
            impairment test is mandatory. Otherwise, no further testing is required. The quantitative
            impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its
            carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds
            its fair value, an impairment loss equal to the difference between the fair value and
            the carrying value is recognized. Application of a goodwill impairment test requires
            significant management judgment, including the identification of reporting units,
            assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning goodwill to reporting units,
            and determining the fair value of each reporting unit. Changes in these estimates and
            assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting
            unit.


     2.16   Long-term investments

            (i)     Equity investments accounted for using the equity method

                    In accordance with ASC 323, Investment — Equity Method and Joint Ventures
                    (“ASC 323”), the Group applies the equity method of accounting to equity
                    investments, in common stock or in-substance common stock, over which it has
                    significant influence but does not own a majority equity interests or otherwise
                    control.


                    An investment in in-substance common stock is an investment that has risk and
                    reward characteristics that are substantially similar to that entity’s common
                    stock. The Group considers subordination, risks and rewards of ownership and
                    obligation to transfer value when determining whether an investment in an entity
                    is substantially similar to one in that entity’s common stock.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024     173
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.16   Long-term investments (continued)

             (i)    Equity investments accounted for using the equity method (continued)

                    Under the equity method, the Group initially records its investment at cost.
                    The difference between the cost of the equity investment and the amount of
                    the underlying equity in the net assets of the equity investee is recognized as
                    equity method goodwill or as an intangible asset as appropriate. The Group
                    subsequently adjusts the carrying amount of the investment to recognize the
                    Group’s proportionate share of each equity investee’s net income or loss into the
                    consolidated statements of comprehensive income after the date of acquisition.
                    When the Group’s share of losses in the equity investee equals or exceeds its
                    interest in the equity investee, the Group does not recognize further losses, unless
                    the Group has incurred obligations or made payments or guarantees on behalf of
                    the equity investee, or the Group holds other investments in the equity investee.


                    The Group continually reviews its investment in equity investees under the
                    equity method to determine whether a decline in fair value to below the carrying
                    value is other-than-temporary. The primary factors the Group considers in its
                    determination are the duration and severity of the decline in fair value, the
                    financial condition, operating performance and the prospects of the equity
                    investee, and other company specific information such as recent financing
                    rounds.


                    The fair value determination, particularly for investments in early stage privately
                    held companies, requires significant judgment to determine appropriate
                    estimates and assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could
                    affect the calculation of the fair value of the investments and the determination
                    of whether any identified impairment is other-than-temporary. If any impairment
                    is considered other-than-temporary, the Group writes down the investment to its
                    fair value and takes the corresponding charge to the consolidated statements of
                    comprehensive income.


             (ii)   Investments accounted for at fair value

                    Securities with readily determinable fair value are measured at fair value. Equity
                    securities accounted for at fair value include investments in i) marketable equity
                    securities, which are publicly traded stock and ii) unlisted companies, for which
                    the Group measures at fair value on a recurring basis. Pursuant to ASC 321,
                    Investment – Equity Securities (“ASC 321”) for equity investments measured at fair
                    value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings, the Group does not assess
                    whether those securities are impaired.




174      KE Holdings Inc.
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.16   Long-term investments (continued)

            (ii)    Investments accounted for at fair value (continued)

                    For wealth management products with variable interest rates referenced to
                    performance of underlying assets and with original maturities greater than one
                    year, the Group elected the fair value method at the date of initial recognition
                    and carries these investments at fair value in accordance with ASC 825, Financial
                    Instruments (“ASC 825”). Changes in the fair value of these investments are
                    reflected on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as fair value
                    changes in investments, net. Fair value is estimated based on quoted prices of
                    similar products provided by financial institutions at the end of each reporting
                    period.


            (iii)   Equity investments measured at measurement alternative and NAV practical
                    expedient

                    Private equity funds pursue various investment strategies. Investments in private
                    equity funds generally are not redeemable due to the closed-ended nature of
                    these funds. These private equity funds, over which the Group does not have
                    the ability to exercise significant influence, are accounted for under the existing
                    practical expedient in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (“ASC
                    820”) to estimate fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent)
                    of the investment (“NAV practical expedient”).


                    The Group measures investments in equity securities, other than equity method
                    investments, at fair value through earnings. For those investments without readily
                    determinable fair value and do not qualify for NAV practical expedient, the Group
                    may elect to record these investments at cost, less impairment, and plus or
                    minus subsequent adjustments for observable price changes, in accordance with
                    ASU No. 2016-01. Under this measurement alternative, changes in the carrying
                    value of the equity investment will be required to be made whenever there are
                    observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar
                    investment of the same issuer. For those equity investments that the Group elects
                    to use the measurement alternative, the Group makes a qualitative assessment
                    of whether the investment is impaired at each reporting date. If a qualitative
                    assessment indicates that the investment is impaired, the Group has to estimate
                    the investment’s fair value in accordance with the principles of ASC 820. If the
                    fair value is less than the investment’s carrying value, the Group recognizes an
                    impairment loss in net income (loss) equal to the difference between the carrying
                    value and fair value.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024      175
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.16   Long-term investments (continued)

             (iv)   Long-term time deposits

                    Long-term time deposits represent time deposits placed with banks with
                    maturities more than one year. The Group account for the long-term time
                    deposits at amortized cost less allowance for credit losses.


             (v)    Held-to-maturity debt investments

                    Long-term held-to-maturity debt investments include debt securities issued by
                    financial institutions with maturities of greater than one year and for which the
                    Group has the positive intent and ability to hold those securities to maturity. The
                    Group account for the held-to-maturity debt investments at amortized cost less
                    allowance for credit losses.


                    The allowance for credit losses of the held-to-maturity debt investments
                    reflects the Group’s estimated expected losses over the contractual lives of the
                    held-to-maturity debt investments and is charged to earnings in the consolidated
                    statements of comprehensive income. Estimated allowances for credit losses
                    are determined by considering reasonable and supportable forecasts of
                    future economic conditions in addition to information about past events and
                    current conditions. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the allowance for credit
                    losses provided for the held-to-maturity debt securities held by the Group was
                    insignificant.


             (vi)   Available-for-sale debt investments

                    Available-for-sale debt investments are debt instruments issued by banks and
                    other financial institutions that are redeemable at the issuer’s option, which are
                    measured at fair value. Available-for-sale debt investments that are redeemable
                    at the issuer’s option have no contractual maturity date. Interest income is
                    recognized in earnings. All other changes in the carrying amount of these debt
                    investments are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss).


                    The allowance for credit losses of on available-for-sale debt securities is
                    accounted for in accordance with ASC 326. For details, please refer to Note 2.9. As
                    of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the allowance for credit losses provided for the
                    available-for-sale debt securities held by the Group was insignificant.




176      KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.17   Leases

            (a)   Definition of a lease

                  A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the
                  use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.


                  For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application
                  of ASC 842, Leases (“ASC 842”) or arising from business combinations, the Group
                  assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under
                  ASC 842 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such
                  contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract
                  are subsequently changed.


            (b)   The Group as a lessee

                  The Group mainly leases sales stores (including brokerage sales stores,
                  transaction service centers and home renovation and furnishing service stores),
                  administrative offices, properties for home rental services and land use rights
                  from property owners. These are all classified as operating leases.


                  Rental contracts for the sales stores and offices are typically made for fixed
                  periods ranging generally from few months to ten years. Lease terms are
                  negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms
                  and conditions.


                  Rental properties managed under the Group’s home rental services generally with
                  a lease term of 2 to 3 years.


                  Self-used land use rights represent lease prepayments to the local government
                  authorities. These land use rights are identified as operating lease right-of-use
                  assets in the Group’s consolidated balance sheets and are amortized on a
                  straight line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful life, generally from 40
                  to 47 years, or the terms of the agreements.


                  For leases existing as of January 1, 2019, the Group elected the practical expedient
                  which allows use of hindsight in determining the lease term. The Group’s lease
                  terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably
                  certain that the Group will exercise that option. The determination of whether an
                  arrangement is or contains a lease is made at inception by evaluating whether
                  the arrangement conveys the right to use an identified asset and whether the
                  Group obtains substantially all of the economic benefits from and has the ability
                  to direct the use of the asset.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      177
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.17   Leases (continued)

             (b)    The Group as a lessee (continued)

                    The Group elected not to separate non-lease components from lease
                    components. Therefore, it will account for lease and non-lease components as a
                    single lease component when there is only one vendor in the lease contract.


                    The majority of the Group’s leases have fixed payments schedules, with certain
                    leases including additional payments based on future contract performance.
                    For leases with additional payments based on future contract performance, no
                    amount is included in the calculation of the lease liability or corresponding asset
                    because of the uncertainty for future contract performance and payments. Lease
                    expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight line basis over the lease
                    term.


                    Under a lease, the lessees are required to recognize right-of-use assets and lease
                    liabilities. Right-of-use assets represent the Group’s right to use an underlying
                    asset for the lease term and are recognized as the amount of the lease liabilities,
                    adjusted for lease incentives received. Lease liabilities represent the Group’s
                    obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease and are recognized
                    at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement
                    date. As the interest rate implicit in most of the Group’s leases is not readily
                    determinable, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) to determine
                    the present value of the future lease payments. The IBR is a hypothetical rate
                    based on the Group’s understanding of what its credit rating would be to borrow
                    and resulting interest the Group would pay to borrow an amount equal to the
                    lease payments in a similar economic environment over the lease term with a
                    similar security.


                    Any lease with a term of 12 months or less is considered short-term. As permitted
                    by ASC 842, short-term leases are excluded from the right-of-use assets and
                    lease liabilities accounts on the consolidated balance sheets. Consistent with all
                    other operating leases, short-term lease expense is recorded on a straight line
                    basis over the lease term.




178      KE Holdings Inc.
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.17   Leases (continued)

            (c)   The Group as a lessor

                  The Group is entrusted by the landlord to manage the properties and then lease
                  them to tenants. Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as operating
                  leases. The contract term with tenants is normally one year or more.


                  Rental income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business
                  are presented as home rental revenue. Rental income is recognized in profit or
                  loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs
                  incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are deferred at the
                  lease commencement date and recognized as a prepaid asset. Such costs are
                  recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


                  The Group has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease
                  components. To the extent that such costs represent non-lease components and
                  payments are fixed in the lease agreement, those costs are included in the lease
                  payments used to calculate the lease obligation and are included within the total
                  lease cost recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


                  When the Group serves as an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head
                  lease and the sublease as two separate contracts. The sublease is classified by
                  reference to the underlying asset, rather than the right-of-use assets arising from
                  the head lease.


     2.18   Borrowings

            Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred.
            Borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the
            proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognized in profit
            or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024       179
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.19   Treasury shares

             The Group accounts for treasury shares using the cost method. Under this method,
             the cost incurred to purchase the shares is recorded in “Treasury shares” on the
             consolidated balance sheets. At retirement of the treasury share, the ordinary shares
             account is charged only for the aggregate par value of the shares. The excess of the
             acquisition cost of treasury share over the aggregate par value is allocated between
             additional paid-in capital and retained earnings, with payments in excess of our
             additional paid-in-capital balance recorded as a reduction to retained earnings.


      2.20   Statutory reserves

             In accordance with the laws applicable to the Foreign Investment Enterprises (“FIEs”)
             established in the PRC, the Group’s subsidiaries registered as WFOEs have to make
             appropriations from their annual after tax profits as determined under generally
             accepted accounting principles in the PRC (“PRC GAAP”) to reserve funds including the
             general reserve fund, enterprise expansion fund and staff bonus and welfare fund. The
             appropriation to the general reserve fund must be at least 10% of the annual after tax
             profits calculated in accordance with PRC GAAP. Appropriation is not required if the
             general reserve fund has reached 50% of the registered capital of the company.


             Appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund and staff bonus and welfare fund are
             made at the respective company’s discretion.


             In addition, in accordance with the PRC Company Laws, the consolidated VIEs (inclusive
             of VIEs’ subsidiaries) incorporated in PRC are required to make appropriations on annual
             basis from their after tax profits to non-distributable reserve funds including statutory
             surplus fund and discretionary surplus fund. The appropriation to the statutory surplus
             fund must be 10% of the after tax profits as determined under PRC GAAP. Appropriation
             is not required if the statutory surplus fund has reached 50% of the registered capital of
             the company. Appropriation to the discretionary surplus fund is made at the discretion
             of the respective company.


             The use of the general reserve fund, enterprise expansion fund, statutory surplus fund
             and discretionary surplus fund is restricted to offsetting of losses or increasing of the
             registered capital of the respective company. The staff bonus and welfare fund is a
             liability in nature and is restricted to fund payments of special bonus to employees
             and for the collective welfare of all employees. None of these reserves is allowed to be
             transferred to the company in terms of cash dividends, loans or advances, nor can they
             be distributed except under liquidation.




180      KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.20   Statutory reserves (continued)

            For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, profit appropriation to general reserve
            fund and statutory surplus fund for the Group’s entities incorporated in the PRC was
            approximately RMB150.3 million and RMB115.9 million, respectively. No appropriation to
            other reserve funds was made for any of the periods presented.


     2.21   Revenue recognition

            The Group recognizes revenue under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
            (“ASC 606”), according to which, revenues from contracts with customers are
            recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the Group’s
            customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Group expects to be entitled
            to in exchange for those goods or services, after considering reductions by estimates
            for refund allowances, price concession, discount and Value Added Tax (“VAT”).


            Existing home transaction services

            The Group generates revenue from existing home transaction services primarily
            by earning commissions from housing customers for sales or leases transactions
            facilitated by the Group’s own Lianjia brand where the Group acts as the principal
            agent, or splits of commissions with other brokerage firms acting as the principal
            agents in cooperation with the Group to facilitate transactions. In these transactions,
            the principal agent signs a housing agency service contract with housing customers
            and is responsible for fulfilling the obligations to provide the agency services under
            the contract. The Beike platform requires platform agreements to be signed by all
            brokerage firms registered with the platform. The platform agreements establish a
            cooperative relationship between the principal agent and all participating brokerage
            firms, which allows the principal agent to combine and control services provided
            by the participating agent. The platform agreements also set the principal agent’s
            role and responsibility for overall agency services and a fee allocation structure for
            various standard cooperating roles of agency services. For each successful transaction
            facilitated through the platform, the platform will calculate commissions for each
            participating agent in accordance with the platform agreements and settle them
            through the platform’s payment system.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024     181
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.21   Revenue recognition (continued)

             Existing home transaction services (continued)

             When the Group signs the housing agency service contracts with housing customers
             and splits commissions with other brokerage firms who cooperate with the Group to
             facilitate the housing transactions in accordance with the platform agreement, the
             Group is considered to be the principal agent as it has the right to determine the
             service price and to define the service performance obligations, it has control over
             services provided and it is fully responsible for fulfilling the agency services pursuant to
             the housing agency service contracts it signed with the housing customers. Accordingly,
             the Group accounts for the commissions from these agency service contracts on a
             gross basis, with any commissions paid to other brokerage firms recorded as a cost of
             revenue.


             Brokerage services and transaction closing services identified in the housing sales
             agency services contracts are considered to be separate performance obligations.
             Therefore the consideration is allocated to brokerage services and transaction closing
             services based on the relative stand-alone selling prices. The Group recognizes them as
             revenues when the services are provided.


             When other brokerage firms on Beike platform sign the housing agency service
             contracts with housing customers and split commissions with the Group in accordance
             with platform agreement for cooperation services by the Group to facilitate the housing
             transaction services, the Group is considered as a participating agent who provides
             services to the principal agents as the Group is not the primary obligor for the agency
             service contract and does not have the right to determine the service price. Accordingly,
             the Group accounts for the commissions from these agency service contracts on a net
             basis.


             For agency commissions earned by the Group, either as the principal agent or
             participating agent, the Group recognizes commissions as revenues when the
             performance obligations are satisfied at the time the housing customers sign the
             housing sale and purchase agreements or the lease agreements, after deducting
             estimated potential refunds due to a terminated transaction.




182      KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.21   Revenue recognition (continued)

            Existing home transaction services (continued)

            The Group also generates revenue from existing home transaction services by earning
            (i) platform service fees from real estate brokerage firms on the Beike platform
            as a percentage of the transaction commissions earned on the platform for using
            the Group’s ACN and SaaS systems; (ii) franchise fees from brokerage firms as a
            percentage of the transaction commissions earned under the Group’s franchise brands
            such as the Deyou brand; and (iii) other service fees for various services offered by
            Beike platform, such as transaction closing service through the Group’s transaction
            center.


            For platform service and franchise fees, the Group recognizes the estimated fees that
            it expects to receive as revenues when the Group obtains the right to payment at the
            time the housing customers sign the housing sale and purchase agreements or the
            lease agreements.


            For other service fees, the Group recognizes them as revenues when the services are
            provided.


            New home transaction services

            The Group generates revenues from new home transaction services principally by
            earning sales commissions from real estate developers for new home sales facilitated
            by the Group. The Group signs new home marketing service contracts with real estate
            developers in where the terms and conditions for sales commission earned are defined.
            The Group recognizes sales commissions as revenues when the confirmations are
            received from real estate developers that terms and conditions for commissions earned
            are met or upon cash receipts of service fees if collection of the commissions are not
            considered probable.


            The Group subcontracts with other brokerage firms to fulfil its marketing services
            contracts with the real estate developers and splits commissions with these brokerage
            firms. The Group signs marketing services contracts with the developers and it has the
            right to determine the service price and to define the service performance obligations,
            it has control over the services provided by the other brokerage firms and it is fully
            responsible for fulfilling marketing services pursuant to the new home marketing service
            contracts signed with the real estate developers. Accordingly, the Group accounts for
            such marketing service contracts on a gross basis and recognizes split commissions to
            collaborating brokerage firms as cost of revenues.




                                                                         Annual Report 2024      183
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.21   Revenue recognition (continued)

             Home renovation and furnishing

             The Group provides interior renovation services to its customers. Such services are
             recognized as a performance obligation satisfied over time as the customer controls
             the house that is being enhanced by the renovation services provided by the Group.
             Revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress towards complete
             satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation using input method, measured
             based on the proportion of contract costs incurred for work performed to date relative
             to the estimated total contract costs.


             For sale of furniture, electronic and home appliances products, revenue is recognized
             when delivery and acceptance occurs, which is defined as receipt by the Group of
             either a delivery note when delivery has been completed or a customer confirmation
             that the installation process is completed.


             Home rental services

             The Group is entrusted by the landlord to manage the properties and then lease them
             to tenants. The lease contracts with tenants are classified as operating leases and the
             lease payments from its tenants are recognized as rental income and presented as
             revenue in accordance with ASC 842. Please refer to rental income recognition policy in
             Note 2.17 Leases – (c) The Group as a lessor.


             The Group also provide rental-related services, which mainly include maintenance,
             appliance repair and etc. The rental-related services’ revenue is recognized on a
             straight-line basis during the period of the lease term as the tenants simultaneously
             receive and consume the benefits in relation to the services provided by the Group.


             Emerging and other services

             The Group generates revenues from emerging and other services such as financial
             services and other newly developed businesses.


             Service fees for financial services and other newly developed businesses are generally
             recognized as revenues when services are provided.




184      KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.21   Revenue recognition (continued)

            Contract Balances

            Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers.
            For certain services, customers are required to pay before the services are delivered.
            The Group recognizes contract assets or contract liabilities and deferred revenue in
            the consolidated balance sheets, depending on the relationship between the Group’s
            performance and the customer’s payment.


            The Group classifies its right to consideration in exchange for services transferred
            to a customer as either a receivable or a contract asset. A receivable is a right to
            consideration that is unconditional as compared to a contract asset which is a right
            to consideration that is conditional upon factors other than the passage of time. The
            Group recognizes an accounts receivable in its consolidated balance sheets when it
            performs a service in advance of receiving consideration and if it has the unconditional
            right to receive consideration, and a contract asset if not yet has the unconditional right
            to receive consideration.


            Contract liabilities and deferred revenue are recognized if the Group receives
            consideration in advance of performance, represents collections from customers
            for which revenue has not been recognized to date. RMB4,466.8 million of revenues
            recognized in the year ended December 31, 2024 was included in the balance of
            contract liabilities and deferred revenue as of December 31, 2023. Cumulative catch-up
            adjustments to revenue that affect the contract liabilities as of December 31, 2023 was
            insignificant. The contract liabilities and deferred revenue of the Group as of December
            31, 2023 and 2024 are listed in the table below.


                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                 2023             2024
                                                                                  RMB              RMB
                                                                               (in thousands)

            Contract liabilities:
            Existing home transaction services                                178,856           369,839
            New home transaction services                                     941,326           966,810
            Home renovation and furnishing                                  2,363,394       2,973,192
            Emerging and other services                                        119,844           93,075
            Subtotal                                                        3,603,420       4,402,916
            Deferred revenue:
            Home rental services                                              1,061,781     1,648,951
            Total                                                           4,665,201       6,051,867




                                                                           Annual Report 2024        185
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.21   Revenue recognition (continued)

             Incremental Costs of Obtaining a Contract

             Incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer is recognized as an asset in
             “Prepayments, receivables and other assets” if the Group expects to recover those costs.
             Incremental costs of obtaining a contract include only those costs the Group incurs to
             obtain a contract that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.
             Incremental costs of obtaining a contract mainly include sales commissions to sales
             personnel under interior renovation services. Contract cost assets are amortized on the
             basis consistent with the pattern of the transfer of services to which the assets relate.


             Capitalized costs of obtaining contracts are periodically analyzed for impairment. There
             were no impairment losses relating to the capitalized costs of obtaining contracts for all
             periods presented.


             Practical Expedients

             The Group has used the following practical expedients as allowed under ASC 606:


             The effect of a significant financing component has not been adjusted for contracts
             when the Group expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the Group
             transfers a promised good or service to the customer will be one year or less.


             Remaining Performance Obligations (“RPO”)

             RPO represents the aggregate amount of total contract transaction price that is
             unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied. As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s total RPO
             was approximately RMB6.3 billion. Of the total RPO as of December 31, 2024, the Group
             expects it is fully recognized as revenue over the following 12 months.


      2.22   Advertising expenses

             Advertising expenses are generally paid to the third parties for online traffic acquisition
             and offline advertising services such as television, outdoor and inner-building channels.
             Advertising expenses are expensed as sales and marketing expenses when the services
             are received. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, advertising expenses
             recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income were RMB2,030.8
             million and RMB2,104.0 million, respectively.




186      KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.23   Share-based compensation

            The Group grants share options, restricted shares and restricted share units (“RSUs”)
            to its employees, directors and consultants with performance conditions and service
            conditions, and accounts for these share-based awards in accordance with ASC 718,
            Compensation-Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”).


            Employees’ share-based awards are classified as equity awards and are measured at
            the grant date fair value of the awards and recognized as expenses a) immediately at
            grant date if no vesting conditions are required, b) for awards granted with only service
            conditions, using a straight-line method over the requisite service period, or c) for
            awards granted with service conditions and performance condition, the share-based
            compensation expenses are recorded when the performance condition is considered
            probable using the graded vesting method. In accordance with ASU No. 2016-09, the
            Group has chosen to account for forfeitures when they occur.


            Share options granted contained both a service condition and required completion of
            an IPO. The IPO was completed on August 17, 2020 and options for which the service
            condition had been met became vested. The remaining options will vest as the service
            conditions are met. All transactions in which goods or services are received in exchange
            for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration
            received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably
            measurable.


            The Group uses the binomial option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock
            options. The determination of the fair value of stock options is affected by the fair
            value of ordinary shares as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and
            subjective variables, including the expected share price volatility, actual and projected
            employee share option exercise behavior, risk free interest rates and expected
            dividends. Upon the completion of the IPO, the estimated fair value of ordinary shares
            was based on the Company’s share price.


            The fair value of the restricted shares and RSUs granted subsequent to IPO are
            determined with reference to the fair value of the underlying shares.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024     187
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.24   Income taxes

             Income taxes

             Current income tax is recorded in accordance with the laws of the relevant tax
             jurisdictions.


             The Group applies the assets and liabilities method of income taxes in accordance
             with ASC 740, Income Taxes (“ASC 740”), which requires the recognition of deferred
             tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have
             been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax
             assets and liabilities are provided based on temporary differences arising between the
             tax bases of assets and liabilities and financial statements, using enacted tax rates that
             will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to reverse.


             Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that such assets are
             more-likely-than-not to be realized. In making such a determination, the Group
             considers all positive and negative evidence, including results of recent operations and
             expected reversals of taxable income. Valuation allowances are established to offset
             deferred tax assets if it is considered more-likely-than-not that the amount of the
             deferred tax assets will not be realized.


             Uncertain tax positions

             The Group accounts for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the consolidated
             financial statements by applying the two-step approach to determine the amount of
             the benefit to be recorded. Under the two-step approach, the first step is to evaluate
             the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence
             indicates that it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained, including
             resolution of related appeals or litigation processes. If the tax positions meet the
             “more-likely-than-not” recognition threshold, the second step is to measure the
             tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon
             settlement. The Group classifies interest and penalties related to income tax matters, if
             any, as income tax expense.


             The Group did not have any significant interest or penalties associated with tax
             positions for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024. The Group did not have any
             significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions for the years ended December 31, 2023
             and 2024.




188      KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.25   Employee benefits

            Full-time employees of the Group in mainland China are entitled to staff welfare
            benefits including pension, work-related injury benefits, maternity insurances,
            medical insurances, unemployment benefits and housing fund plans through a PRC
            government-mandated defined contribution plan. Chinese labor regulations require
            that the Group makes payments to the government for these benefits based on a
            certain percentage of the employees’ salaries, up to a maximum amount specified by
            the local government. The Group has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond making
            the required contributions.


            Historically, the contributions made by the Group for employees might have been
            insufficient under the PRC laws and regulations, for which the Group made provisions
            based on its best estimates considering general administrative practice, historical
            precedent cases, legal advice and other factors. The provisions made are to be
            reversed if a) the potential exposures that the provisions were made for do not occur
            for a period of time and b) the Group believes that it’s not probable that such exposures
            would materialize in the future based on most recent developments. The balances
            of the provisions are included in employee compensation and welfare payable. The
            net impact of additions and (reversals) of the provisions was RMB(1,598.4) million,
            RMB(1,379.2) million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively.
            Currently, the Group is implementing a remediation plan to reduce the exposure of
            non-compliance of relevant law and regulations for employee welfare benefits. The
            total amounts of such employee welfare benefit expenses, including the provision’s net
            impact, were approximately RMB1.2 billion, RMB2.5 billion, for the years ended December
            31, 2023 and 2024, respectively.


     2.26   Research and development expenses

            Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related
            compensation expenses, including share-based compensation for employees in
            engineering, design, product and platform development, depreciation of property,
            plant and equipment utilized by research and development functions, and bandwidth
            and server related costs incurred by research and development functions. The Group
            expenses all research and development expenses as incurred.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024      189
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.27   Net income (loss) per share

             Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
             attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary
             shares outstanding during the period.


             Diluted net income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss)
             attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary and
             dilutive ordinary equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary equivalent
             shares consist of deemed issued shares and options to purchase ordinary shares (using
             the treasury stock method), unvested restricted shares and unvested RSUs. Ordinary
             equivalent shares are not included in the denominator of the diluted net income (loss)
             per share calculation when inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive, such as in a
             period in which a net loss is recorded.


      2.28   Comprehensive income (loss)

             Comprehensive income (loss) is defined to include all changes in equity (deficit) of the
             Group during a period arising from transactions and other events and circumstances
             excluding transactions resulting from investments by shareholders and distributions
             to shareholders. Comprehensive income (loss) includes net income (loss), currency
             translation adjustments and unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale
             investments, net of reclassification.


      2.29   Related parties

             Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to
             control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making
             financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
             subject to common control or significant influence, such as a family member or relative,
             shareholder, or a related corporation.


      2.30   Segment reporting

             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting
             provided to the CODM. The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources
             and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as a
             management committee including chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief
             human resources officer and three business line executive officers.


             The Group operates in five operating segments: (i) Existing home transaction services;
             (ii) New home transaction services; (iii) Home renovation and furnishing; (iv) Home
             rental services and (v) Emerging and other services.


             The Group’s internal organizational structure as well as information about geographical
             areas and business segments is set out in detail under Note 22.




190      KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.31   Contingencies

            In the normal course of business, the Group is subject to contingencies, such as legal
            proceedings and claims arising out of its business, that cover a wide range of matters.
            An accrual for a loss contingency is recognized if it is probable that a liability has been
            incurred and the amount of liability can be reasonably estimated. If a potential loss is
            not probable, but reasonably possible, or is probable but the amount of liability cannot
            be reasonably estimated, then the nature of contingent liability, together with an
            estimate of the range of the reasonably possible loss, if determinable and material, is
            disclosed.


            Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve
            guarantees, in which case the nature of guarantee would be disclosed.


     2.32   Government grants

            Government grants are recognized as income in other income, net. Such amounts are
            recognized in the consolidated statements of the comprehensive income upon receipt
            when all conditions attached to the grants have been fulfilled.


            For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Group recognized government
            grants of approximately RMB762.1 million and RMB731.2 million, respectively, in the
            consolidated statements of comprehensive income.


     2.33   Concentration and risks

            Concentration of customers and suppliers

            There are no customers or suppliers from whom revenues or purchases individually
            represent greater than 10% of the total net revenues or the total purchases of the Group
            for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024       191
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      2.33   Concentration and risks (continued)

             Concentration of credit risk

             Assets that potentially subject the Group to significant concentrations of credit
             risk primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts
             receivable, other receivables, short-term investments, long-term investments and
             financing receivables. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, all of the Group’s cash and
             cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments were held by major
             financial institutions located in the PRC, Hong Kong, the USA and Australia, which
             the management believes are of high credit quality. The Group’s total cash and
             cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments held at five financial
             institutions in mainland China representing 22.9%, 15.7%, 14.7%, 14.5% and 9.4% of the
             Group’s total cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments
             as of December 31, 2024, respectively. On May 1, 2015, China’s new Deposit Insurance
             Regulation came into effect, pursuant to which banking financial institutions, such as
             commercial banks, established in China are required to purchase deposit insurance
             for deposits in RMB and in foreign currency placed with them. This Deposit Insurance
             Regulation would not be effective in providing complete protection for the Group’s
             accounts, as its aggregate deposits are much higher than the compensation limit.
             However, the Group believes that the risk of failure of any of these PRC banks is remote.
             Bank failure is uncommon in China and the Group believes that those Chinese banks
             that hold the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term
             investments are financially sound based on public available information.


             Accounts receivable and other receivables are typically unsecured and are mainly
             derived from the ordinary course of business in the PRC. The risk with respect to these
             receivables is mitigated by credit evaluations the Group performs on its customers
             and its ongoing monitoring processes of outstanding balances. The risk with respect
             to the financing receivables and off-balance sheet guarantees is mitigated by credit
             evaluations the Group performs on its borrowers and the Group’s ongoing monitoring
             controls for the outstanding balances. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, only one
             customer’s total receivable amounting to RMB379.7 million and RMB346.6 million is
             considered to subject to concentration credit risk.


             Individually assessed accounts receivable and other receivable are measured for credit
             loss based on the present value of the expected future cash inflow of the collateral, less
             estimated transaction costs, if the accounts receivable is collateral-dependent. As of
             December 31, 2024, for those accounts receivable and other receivable due from a real
             estate developer secured by a commercial property as collateral, RMB189.3 million and
             RMB247.4 million provision have been provided.




192      KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.33   Concentration and risks (continued)

            Concentration of credit risk (continued)

            The expected credit loss rates for accounts receivable and contract assets are
            34.6% and 22.9% as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The expected credit
            loss rates for financing receivables are 8.3% and 4.9% as of December 31, 2023 and
            2024, respectively. The expected credit loss rates for other receivables (included in
            prepayments, receivables and other assets) are 14.3% and 22.7% as of December 31,
            2023 and 2024, respectively. The expected credit loss of other financial assets subject to
            the impairment requirements of ASC 326 was immaterial.


            Currency convertibility risk

            The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign
            currencies. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term
            investments denominated in RMB that are subject to such government controls
            amounted to RMB51.2 billion and RMB48.9 billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2024,
            respectively. The value of RMB is subject to changes in the central government
            policies and to international economic and political developments affecting supply
            and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading system market. In the PRC, certain
            foreign exchange transactions are required by law to be transacted only by authorized
            financial institutions at exchange rates set by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”).
            Remittances in currencies other than RMB by the Group in the PRC must be processed
            through PBOC or other Chinese foreign exchange regulatory bodies which require
            certain supporting documentation in order to process the remittance.


            Foreign currency exchange rate risk

            Historically, the Renminbi has fluctuated against the U.S. dollars at times significantly
            and unpredictably. The depreciation of the RMB against the US$ was approximately 2.8%
            for the year ended December 31, 2024. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC
            or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the US$
            in the future.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      193
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH
      Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash consisted of the following:


                                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                                       2023                2024
                                                                                                        RMB                RMB
                                                                                                     (in thousands)

      Cash and cash equivalents (i):
      Cash                                                                                        17,994,611       10,469,689
      Cash equivalents                                                                            1,640,105            973,276
      Restricted cash (ii):
      Current                                                                                    6,222,745          8,858,449
      Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                          25,857,461          20,301,414


      (i)       Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and demand deposits which have original maturities of
                three months or less and are readily convertible to a known amount of cash. The weighted average interest rate
                of cash equivalent for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 are 3.9% and 4.0%, respectively.

      (ii)      The Group’s restricted cash is mainly comprised of 1) cash received from the property buyers but not yet paid
                to the sellers through the Group’s online payment platform, which is placed with banks in escrow accounts; 2)
                security deposits for the Group’s agency, guarantee, property development business and financing services;
                3) borrowings from commercial banks for limited purpose; and 4) other miscellaneous restricted cash. The
                proportion for each type of restricted cash are 76.2%, 19.1%, 4.5%, and 0.2% as of December 31, 2023; 72.0%, 27.5%,
                nil, and 0.5% as of December 31, 2024, respectively.


4.    SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS


                                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                                       2023                2024
                                                                                                        RMB                RMB
                                                                                                     (in thousands)

      Short-term investments:
      Bank time deposits                                                                          7,690,166        14,874,498
      Wealth management products                                                                26,415,902         20,474,093
      Held-to-maturity debt investments                                                             151,890           5,417,761
      Available-for-sale debt investments                                                                  –           551,348
      Total                                                                                    34,257,958           41,317,700




194          KE Holdings Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS (continued)
     The following table sets forth selected data with respect to the Group’s short-term
     investments at December 31, 2024:

                                                                 As of December 31, 2024
                                                     Cost or
                                            amortized cost             Gross          Gross
                                            less allowance     unrecognized unrecognized
                                           for credit losses   holding gains holding losses     Fair value
                                                        RMB             RMB            RMB            RMB
                                                                      (in thousands)
     Held-to-maturity debt investments            5,417,761           5,934          (3,652)    5,420,043
     Available-for-sale debt investments          554,623                 –          (3,275)      551,348


5.   PREPAYMENTS, RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                    2023         2024
                                                                                     RMB           RMB
                                                                                  (in thousands)
     Current:
     Prepaid rental and other deposits                                         1,625,026       1,552,279
     Inventories of properties (i)                                                      –      1,090,661
     Other inventories                                                           304,208          519,215
     Advances to suppliers                                                        574,170        692,542
     VAT-input deductible                                                         707,416        637,686
     Capitalized costs of obtaining contracts and
       prepaid initial direct costs (ii)                                          338,811          551,461
     Deposits paid to real estate developers (iii)                               222,604           196,241
     Investment guarantee deposit (iv)                                                 –           153,577
     Deposit paid for acquisition of land used for
       properties development (v)                                                      –           122,430
     Prepaid income tax                                                          177,560            64,163
     Staff advances                                                               65,253            59,762
     Receivable related to employees’ exercise of
       share-based awards                                                         88,739            44,521
     Interests receivable                                                         14,664            15,263
     Receivables from escrow account                                               6,676             9,992
     Others                                                                      541,849           542,907
     Total                                                                     4,666,976       6,252,700
     Non-current:
     Deferred tax asset (Note 18)                                                1,113,692     1,005,127
     VAT-input deductible                                                          192,991       194,818
     Prepayment for land use right (vi)                                           154,575              –
     Others                                                                          11,783       22,332
     Total                                                                      1,473,041      1,222,277




                                                                              Annual Report 2024        195
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.    PREPAYMENTS, RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS (continued)
      (i)        Inventories of properties

                 Inventories of properties represent development expenditures incurred related to the Group’s property under
                 development in Chengdu under Beihaojia business.

      (ii)       Capitalized costs of obtaining contracts and prepaid initial direct costs

                 For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, RMB587.2 million and RMB876.2 million are amortized
                 respectively.

      (iii)      Deposits paid to real estate developers

                 Deposits paid to real estate developers refer to the earnest deposits paid by the Group to developers for new
                 home transaction service contracts.


      (iv)       Investment guarantee deposit

                 Investment guarantee deposit represents deposit paid for an equity investment under Beihaojia business.

      (v)        Deposit paid for acquisition of land used for properties development

                 Deposit paid for acquisition of land used for properties development represents the deposit paid for acquisition
                 of the residential land parcel in Shanghai under Beihaojia business.

      (vi)       Prepayment for land use right

                 The Group entered into a 40 years land use right purchase agreement in October 2023 at a total consideration
                 of RMB309.2 million. Pursuant to the agreement, RMB154.6 million has been paid off as of December 31, 2023 and
                 the rest RMB154.6 million was paid off in January 2024. The land use right purchased related to a parcel of land
                 located in Hangzhou, which was acquired for the Group’s home renovation and furnishing business. The Group
                 has obtained the land use right certification in July 2024.


6.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND CONTRACT ASSETS, NET
      Accounts receivable, net consists of the following:

                                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                                     2023         2024
                                                                                                      RMB           RMB
                                                                                                   (in thousands)
      New home transaction services                                                             3,750,996          5,863,587
      Existing home transaction services                                                          483,901           546,658
      Home renovation and furnishing                                                                99,935           265,355
      Home rental services                                                                          89,806             52,135
      Emerging and other services                                                                  158,997            86,681
      Accounts receivable                                                                       4,583,635           6,814,416
      Allowance for credit losses                                                               (1,566,129)        (1,517,099)
      Accounts receivable, net                                                                   3,017,506          5,297,317


      RMB5.9 billion of the Group’s gross accounts receivable was from new home transaction
      services with RMB1.3 billion allowance for credit losses was recorded as of December 31, 2024.

      The contract assets are mainly related to the Group’s home renovation business. The Group’s
      timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. The
      Group’s contract assets represent the amount of contract revenue recognized but not yet
      billed pursuant to contract terms.




196           KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND CONTRACT ASSETS, NET (continued)
     Contract assets, net consists of the following:


                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                              2023              2024
                                                                               RMB               RMB
                                                                             (in thousands)

     Contract assets – gross                                                273,661           319,736
     Allowance for credit losses                                           (114,998)      (119,064)
     Contract assets, net                                                   158,663           200,672


     The movements in the allowance for credit losses of accounts receivable were as follows:


                                                                           For the Year Ended
                                                                              December 31,
                                                                              2023              2024
                                                                               RMB               RMB
                                                                             (in thousands)

     Balance at the beginning of the year                                 (1,951,419)    (1,566,129)
     Additions                                                             (174,237)      (108,963)
     Write-offs                                                            559,527            157,993
     Balance at the end of the year                                       (1,566,129)    (1,517,099)


     The Group usually allows a credit period within 90 days to its customers. Ageing analysis of
     accounts receivable based on the date of delivery of service to customers is as follows:


                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                              2023              2024
                                                                               RMB               RMB
                                                                             (in thousands)

     – Up to 3 months                                                    2,056,388       4,315,046
     – 3 months to 1 year                                                   617,635       649,209
     – Over 1 year                                                         1,909,612      1,850,161
     Accounts receivable                                                 4,583,635       6,814,416
     Less: allowance for credit losses                                    (1,566,129)    (1,517,099)
     Accounts receivable, net                                             3,017,506       5,297,317




                                                                         Annual Report 2024        197
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7.    FINANCING RECEIVABLES, NET
      Financing receivables, net as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 consisted of the following:


                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                2023            2024
                                                                                RMB             RMB
                                                                               (in thousands)

      Short-term:
      Financing receivables from consolidated Trusts                       1,316,432      2,830,180
      Financing receivables from micro-loan platforms                       153,809         152,677
      Total short-term financing receivables                               1,470,241      2,982,857
      Allowance for credit losses                                          (122,482)       (147,330)
      Total short-term financing receivables, net                          1,347,759      2,835,527


      These balances represent short-term financing receivables that are personal credit loans to
      property owners and tenants, and to other individual borrowers, all of which are due within
      one year as of December 31, 2023 and 2024.


      Financing Receivables – Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality

      The allowance for credit losses is determined principally based on the past collection
      experience as well as consideration of current and future economic conditions and changes
      in the Group’s customer collection trends. The management updated the current expected
      credit loss (“CECL”) model taking the latest available information into consideration. The
      major assumption (i.e. forward-looking information) and CECL model parameters (i.e. the
      one-year probability of default) were updated accordingly. The allowance for credit losses
      decreased to 4.9% of gross financing receivables (net of unearned income) at December 31,
      2024 from 8.3% at December 31, 2023, which were mainly attributable to fewer delinquencies
      in 2024.




198      KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7.   FINANCING RECEIVABLES, NET (continued)
     Financing Receivables – Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality (continued)

     The activities in the provision for credit losses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and
     2024, respectively, consisted of the following:


                                                                         For the Year Ended
                                                                            December 31,
                                                                             2023              2024
                                                                              RMB              RMB
                                                                           (in thousands)

     Beginning balance                                                    (139,427)       (122,482)
     Reversals (Provisions)                                                  7,573           (27,017)
     Write-offs                                                              9,372            2,169
     Ending balance                                                       (122,482)       (147,330)


     The Group evaluates expected credit losses of financing receivables on a collective basis
     based on the type of borrowers and delinquency pattern:


     Type of borrowers:

     Property transaction related business: This segmentation includes financing receivables
     generated by property transaction business. The average loss rate in this category are 7.0%
     and 3.7% as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively.


     Non-property transaction related business: This segmentation mainly includes consumer
     loans. The average loss rate in this category are 47.9% and 91.6% as of December 31, 2023 and
     2024, respectively.


     Delinquency:

     Based on the past due days, the Group separates the contracts into 6 groups including
     current, 1-29 days past due, 30-59 days past due, 60-89 days past due, 90-179 days past due
     and over 180 days past due. The delinquency rate was 11.0% and 5.9% as of December 31, 2023
     and 2024, respectively.


     Credit quality indicators are updated quarterly, and the credit quality of any given customer
     can change during the life of the portfolio.




                                                                        Annual Report 2024        199
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7.    FINANCING RECEIVABLES, NET (continued)
      Financing Receivables – Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality (continued)

      Delinquency: (continued)

      Financing receivables portfolio based on customer type, origination year and delinquency are
      as follows:


                                     1-29     30-59      60-89      90-179    180 days
                                    Days       Days       Days       Days    or greater      Total
      RMB in thousands           Past Due   Past Due   Past Due   Past Due    Past Due    Past Due    Current        Total

      Property transaction
       related business
      2018 and before                  –          –          –          –        31,215      31,215          –       31,215
      2019                             –          –          –          –        13,222      13,222          –      13,222
      2020                             –          –          –          –        12,618      12,618          –       12,618
      2021                             –          –          –          –       46,333      46,333           –      46,333
      2022                             –          –          –          –        3,740       3,740           –       3,740
      2023                          5,545         –          –        763         1,027      7,335    1,308,553   1,315,888
      Subtotal                      5,545         –          –        763       108,155     114,463   1,308,553   1,423,016
      Non-property transaction
       related business
      2018 and before                  –          –          –          –         4,731       4,731          –        4,731
      2019                             –          –          –          –        31,137      31,137          –       31,137
      2020                             –          –          –          –        4,079       4,079           –       4,079
      2021                             –          –          –       1,600        5,314      6,914           –       6,914
      2022                             –          –          –          –          364         364           –         364
      Subtotal                         –          –          –       1,600      45,625      47,225           –      47,225
      December 31, 2023             5,545         –          –       2,363      153,780    161,688    1,308,553   1,470,241




200          KE Holdings Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7.   FINANCING RECEIVABLES, NET (continued)
     Financing Receivables – Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality (continued)

     Delinquency: (continued)

                                    1-29     30-59      60-89      90-179    180 days
                                   Days       Days       Days       Days    or greater      Total
     RMB in thousands           Past Due   Past Due   Past Due   Past Due    Past Due    Past Due     Current        Total

     Property transaction
      related business
     2018 and before                  –          –          –          –        31,215      31,215          –       31,215
     2019                             –          –          –          –        13,222      13,222          –       13,222
     2020                             –          –          –          –        10,197      10,197          –       10,197
     2021                             –          –          –          –       45,625      45,625           –      45,625
     2022                             –          –          –          –          391         391           –          391
     2023                             –          –          –          –        2,624       2,624           –       2,624
     2024                         20,687       204       1,600        561       7,589      30,641    2,805,961   2,836,602
     Subtotal                     20,687       204       1,600        561      110,863     133,915   2,805,961   2,939,876
     Non-property transaction
      related business
     2018 and before                  –          –          –          –         4,182      4,182           –        4,182
     2019                             –          –          –          –       29,575      29,575           –      29,575
     2020                             –          –          –          –        3,682       3,682           –       3,682
     2021                             –          –          –          –         5,210      5,210           –        5,210
     2022                             –          –          –          –          332         332           –         332
     Subtotal                         –          –          –          –       42,981      42,981           –       42,981
     December 31, 2024            20,687       204       1,600        561     153,844     176,896    2,805,961   2,982,857




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024            201
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET


                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                           2023            2024
                                                                           RMB              RMB
                                                                         (in thousands)

      Office building                                                  689,703         697,136
      Vehicles                                                          22,085            23,939
      Computer equipment                                              1,046,672      1,179,606
      Furniture and office equipment                                   373,893        395,828
      Leasehold improvement                                           2,717,396      3,477,118
      Construction in progress                                         293,928        176,006
      Total                                                           5,143,677     5,949,633
      Less: accumulated depreciation                                 (3,159,307)    (3,530,150)
      Less: accumulated impairment                                      (19,272)       (19,272)
      Net book value                                                  1,965,098      2,400,211


      Depreciation expenses recognized for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 amounted
      to RMB775.0 million and RMB743.7 million, respectively.


9.    INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                           2023            2024
                                                                           RMB              RMB
                                                                         (in thousands)

      Software                                                          115,297       127,645
      Trademarks and domain names                                       1,195,161   1,200,889
      Non-competition agreements                                            460               –
      Advertising resources                                           2,478,945               –
      Licenses                                                          349,912        441,105
      Total                                                           4,139,775      1,769,639
      Less: accumulated amortization                                 (2,815,803)     (603,056)
      Less: accumulated impairment                                     (256,513)     (308,948)
      Net book value                                                  1,067,459       857,635


      Amortization expenses recognized for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 amounted
      to RMB627.1 million and RMB268.7 million, respectively.




202      KE Holdings Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.    INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET (continued)
      Estimated amortization expenses relating to the existing intangible assets with finite lives for
      future periods is as follows:


                                                                                             Amounts
                                                                                                   RMB
                                                                                        (in thousands)

      Within 1 year                                                                             133,521
      Between 1 and 2 years                                                                     124,601
      Between 2 and 3 years                                                                      119,162
      Between 3 and 4 years                                                                     114,957
      Thereafter                                                                              365,394
      Total                                                                                     857,635


10.   LEASES
      (a)     The Group as a lessee

              The components of lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 were
              listed as follows:


                                                                            For the Year Ended
                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                2023              2024
                                                                                 RMB               RMB
                                                                              (in thousands)

              Operating lease cost                                          7,785,841       14,221,894
              Short-term lease cost                                           50,659            83,665
              Total                                                        7,836,500        14,305,559




                                                                           Annual Report 2024        203
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10.   LEASES (continued)
      (a)   The Group as a lessee (continued)

            Supplemental cash flows information related to leases was as follows:


                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                           2023               2024
                                                                           RMB                 RMB
                                                                         (in thousands)

            Cash paid for amounts included in the
              measurement of lease liabilities:
            Operating cash flows payment from
              operating leases                                        7,965,277       14,896,620
            Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for
              lease liabilities:
            Total right-of-use assets obtained in exchange
              for new operating lease liabilities                     15,489,351      18,507,830


            The components of right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease
            liabilities were as follows:


                                                                          For the Year Ended
                                                                             December 31,
                                                                              2023            2024
                                                                              RMB              RMB
                                                                            (in thousands)

            Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange
              for lease liabilities
            Store leases                                                  3,262,410       2,730,509
            Administrative office leases                                   273,088         487,708
            Leases of rental property management services                11,953,853   15,289,613
            Total                                                        15,489,351   18,507,830




204     KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10.   LEASES (continued)
      (a)   The Group as a lessee (continued)

            Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:


                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                             2023              2024
                                                                              RMB               RMB
                                                                            (in thousands)

            Operating leases
            Store leases                                                5,460,840      5,825,835
            Administrative office leases                                  626,652            755,707
            Leases of rental property management services                11,447,181    16,393,250
            Land use rights                                                83,242            392,087
            Total operating lease assets                                 17,617,915    23,366,879
            Operating lease liabilities, current                        9,368,607       13,729,701
            Operating lease liabilities, non-current                      8,327,113     8,636,770
            Total operating lease liabilities                           17,695,720     22,366,471


                                                                         For the Year Ended
                                                                            December 31,
                                                                             2023              2024

            Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years)
            Operating leases                                                  2.43              2.38
            Land use rights                                                  43.18             39.68


            Weighted-average discount rate
            Operating leases                                                  4.3%             3.8%
            Land use rights                                                   4.7%             4.0%




                                                                        Annual Report 2024        205
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10.   LEASES (continued)
      (a)   The Group as a lessee (continued)

            Maturities of lease liabilities were as follows:


                                                                                              As of
                                                                                      December 31,
                                                                                              2024
                                                                                               RMB
                                                                                     (in thousands)

            2025                                                                         13,860,129
            2026                                                                          5,157,823
            2027                                                                          1,904,227
            2028                                                                            874,187
            2029                                                                           487,757
            Thereafter                                                                     697,844
            Total undiscounted lease payments                                            22,981,967
            Less: imputed interest                                                         (615,496)
            Total lease liabilities                                                      22,366,471


            The Group’s lease agreements generally do not contain an option for the Group to
            renew a lease for a term agreed by the Group. The Group’s lease agreements generally
            do not contain any residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
            Payments under the lease arrangements are primarily fixed.


      (b)   The Group as a lessor

            Lease income for the year ended 2023 and 2024 were as follows, which are included in
            the home rental services line item in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
            income:


                                                                          For the Year Ended
                                                                            December 31,
                                                                             2023             2024
                                                                              RMB              RMB
                                                                            (in thousands)

            Operating lease income                                       5,533,035       12,977,296
            Total lease income                                           5,533,035       12,977,296




206     KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10.   LEASES (continued)
      (b)   The Group as a lessor (continued)

            Maturities of undiscounted lease payments to be received were as follows:


                                                                                               As of
                                                                                       December 31,
                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                RMB
                                                                                      (in thousands)

            2025                                                                           9,881,681
            2026                                                                            928,549
            2027                                                                              115,130
            2028                                                                              15,232
            2029                                                                              11,333
            Thereafter                                                                        32,514
            Total undiscounted lease payments                                             10,984,439


11.   LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS, NET
      The following table sets forth a breakdown of the categories of long-term investments held by
      the Group as of the dates indicated:


                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                              2023             2024
                                                                               RMB              RMB
                                                                            (in thousands)

      Investments in equity method investees                               436,344          360,965
      Investments accounted for at fair value                               660,112        1,014,400
      Equity investments without readily determinable fair
       value using the NAV practical expedient                              86,240            60,691
      Equity investments without readily determinable fair
       value using the measurement alternative                              43,746            41,377
      Long-term time deposits                                            15,352,785       15,568,643
      Held-to-maturity debt investments                                   1,729,602        1,808,331
      Available-for-sale debt investments                                 5,262,159       4,935,699
      Total long-term investments                                       23,570,988        23,790,106




                                                                         Annual Report 2024        207
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11.   LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS, NET (continued)
      Investments in equity method investees

      The carrying amount of the Group’s equity method investments were RMB436.3 million
      and RMB361.0 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. For the years ended
      December 31, 2023 and 2024, the impairment recognized for equity method investments were
      RMB10.4 million and nil, respectively.


      The Group recognized share of profit from equity method investments of RMB9.1 million,
      RMB10.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively.


      Investments accounted for at fair value

      The following table shows the carrying amount and fair value of investments accounted for at
      fair value:


                                                                   Gross           Gross
                                                               unrealized     unrealized      Exchange
                                                  Cost basis       gains          losses adjustments     Fair value
                                                        RMB          RMB             RMB          RMB         RMB
                                                                            (in thousands)

      Marketable securities (i)                      96,848            –         (69,035)        4,932      32,745
      Unlisted equity securities and loan
        receivables measured at fair value (ii)      238,015         778          (161,126)         –       77,667
      Wealth management products (iii)              537,500        12,200               –           –      549,700
      Balance at December 31, 2023                  872,363        12,978        (230,161)       4,932      660,112

      Marketable securities (i)                      96,848            –         (46,420)        5,736      56,164
      Unlisted equity securities and loan
        receivables measured at fair value (ii)     233,088            –        (200,516)           –       32,572
      Wealth management products (iii)              896,920        31,766         (3,028)            6    925,664
      Balance at December 31, 2024                 1,226,856       31,766       (249,964)        5,742   1,014,400




208      KE Holdings Inc.
                                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11.   LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS, NET (continued)
      Investments accounted for at fair value (continued)
      (i)     Marketable securities

              Marketable securities represent investments in the equity securities of publicly listed companies, for which the
              Group does not have significant influence. The marketable securities are valued using the market approach
              based on the quoted prices in active markets at the reporting date. The Group classifies the valuation techniques
              that use these inputs as Level 1 of fair value measurements.

      (ii)    Unlisted equity securities and loan receivables measured at fair value

              Investment in IFM Investments Limited (“IFM”)

              In October 2017, the Group purchased 10.0% ownership in IFM, a company focusing on real estate agency business
              in the PRC, through subscription of 308,084,916 convertible redeemable preferred shares newly issued by IFM at
              an aggregated subscription price of RMB60.0 million. Concurrent with the preferred share investment, the Group
              entered into a convertible note purchase agreement on August 14, 2017 to purchase convertible notes issued by
              IFM in the principal amount of US$ equivalent of RMB40.0 million with maturity period of 30 months and interest
              rate per annum of 12.0%. The convertible notes were convertible into IFM’s preferred shares at a discounted price.
              The Group elected the fair value option to measure the preferred share investments and the entire convertible
              note with the assistance of an independent valuation firm.

              In 2019, the Group launched a series of incentive programs to incentivize real estate brokerage firms to join
              the Group’s platform. IFM is one of the leading firms in the real estate agency business industry. In May 2019,
              to incentivize IFM to join the Group’s platform, the Group made additional investment of RMB308.0 million to
              acquire certain percentage of IFM’s preferred and ordinary shares, converted the convertible note into preferred
              shares and provided RMB130.0 million loan to IFM’s controlling shareholder, which is secured by 17.5% ownership
              of IFM. Total consideration of the additional investment in IFM and the loan to IFM’s controlling shareholder was
              RMB438.0 million. The fair value of the additional investment in IFM and the loan to IFM’s controlling shareholder
              was RMB120.1 million on the transaction date. The difference of RMB317.9 million between the consideration paid
              and the fair value received was considered and recognized as deemed marketing expenses.

              As the investment in IFM is not in-substance common stock, it does not qualify for equity method accounting,
              and according to ASC 321, the Group elected to account for this investment at fair value with realized or
              unrealized gains and losses recorded in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.

              As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Group held 37.6% equity interests in IFM and the fair value of the
              investment amounted to RMB57.1 million and RMB31.9 million, respectively. The fair value of the loan to IFM’s
              controlling shareholder amounted to RMB1.1 million and RMB0.6 million, respectively. The Group classifies the
              valuation techniques that use these inputs as Level 3 of fair value measurements.

      (iii)   Wealth management products

              As part of the Group’s cash management program, the Group invested in certain wealth management
              products with variable interest rates and principal not guaranteed issued by financial institutions. These wealth
              management products were with maturity of over one year, or can be redeemed through advance notice and
              the Group intended to hold the investments over one year, thus were classified as long-term investments. The
              Group classifies those investments that use similar identifiable transaction prices when applying valuation
              techniques as Level 2 of fair value measurements and those investments that measured using significant
              unobservable inputs as Level 3 of fair value measurements. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024,
              gain of RMB11.7 million and RMB16.5 million resulting from changes in fair value of the wealth management
              products under fair value option was recorded in earnings in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
              income, respectively.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024            209
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11.   LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS, NET (continued)
      Equity investments without readily determinable fair value using the NAV practical expedient

      Equity investments without readily determinable fair values include investments in private
      equity funds accounted for under NAV practical expedient, and investments in private
      companies accounted for under measurement alternative.


      Investments in private equity generally are not redeemable due to the closed-ended nature
      of these funds. Investment in private equity funds over which the Group does not have the
      ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for under the NAV practical expedient.
      As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the carrying amount of the Group’s investment in private
      equity fund was approximately RMB86.2 million and RMB60.7 million, respectively. Investments
      in the private equity fund is subject to a lock-up period of 8 years from September 2018 which
      restricts investor from withdrawing from the fund during the investment period.


      Equity investments without readily determinable fair value using the measurement alternative

      As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, investments accounted for under measurement alternative
      were RMB43.7 million and RMB41.4 million, respectively. There was no upward adjustment
      identified by the management for the year ended December 31, 2024.


      The total carrying value of investment in private companies accounted for under
      measurement alternative held as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 were as follows:


                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                               2023            2024
                                                                               RMB              RMB
                                                                             (in thousands)

      Initial cost basis                                                    839,296       829,938
      Cumulated unrealized losses (including impairment)                   (795,550)      (788,561)
      Total carrying value                                                   43,746           41,377


      For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, RMB28.8 million and RMB9.4 million
      impairment was recorded for investments in private companies accounted for under
      measurement alternative. The impairment was recorded in “Impairment loss for equity
      investments accounted for using measurement alternative” in the Group’s consolidated
      statements of comprehensive income. The Group classifies the valuation techniques on
      those investments that using similar identifiable transaction prices as Level 2 of fair value
      measurements.




210      KE Holdings Inc.
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11.   LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS, NET (continued)
      Long-term time deposits

      The Group’s long-term time deposits are time deposits placed with banks with original
      maturities more than one year and those matured date within one year will be reclassified
      to short-term investments. As of December 31, 2024, deposits were denominated in RMB
      amounting to approximately RMB15.6 billion, among which RMB5.5 billion will be matured in
      2026 and the remaining RMB10.1 billion will be matured in 2027.


      Held-to-maturity debt investments

      During the years ended December 31, 2024, the Group recorded investment income from
      its long-term held-to-maturity debt investments of RMB11.2 million in the consolidated
      statements of comprehensive income. Long-term held-to-maturity debt investments as of
      December 31, 2024 are shown as below, which would be due in 1 to 2 years:


                                                               As of December 31, 2024
                                                  Cost or           Gross            Gross
                                               Amortized    unrecognized     unrecognized
                                                     cost   holding gains    holding losses    Fair value
                                                     RMB             RMB                 RMB        RMB
                                                                    (in thousands)

      Held-to-maturity debt investments         1,808,331                –           (9,887)   1,798,444


      Available-for-sale debt investments

      Available-for-sale debt investments as of December 31, 2024 are shown as below:


                                                                   As of December 31, 2024
                                                        Cost or         Gross        Gross
                                                     Amortized     unrealized    unrealized
                                                            cost        gains        losses    Fair value
                                                            RMB          RMB             RMB        RMB
                                                                        (in thousands)

      Available-for-sale debt investments             5,079,742              –    (144,043)    4,935,699


      Estimated allowances for credit losses of available-for sales are determined by considering
      reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions in addition to
      information about past events and current conditions. Based on this evaluation, no allowance
      for credit losses on debt securities was recorded as of December 31, 2024.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024        211
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11.   LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS, NET (continued)
      Available-for-sale debt investments (continued)

      The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of available-for-sale debt
      investments with stated contractual dates, classified by the contractual maturity date of the
      investments:

                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                                                2023         2024
                                                                                 RMB           RMB
                                                                              (in thousands)
      Expected to be redeemed by the issuer in 1 year to 2 years            5,262,159     4,935,699


12.   GOODWILL
      For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, the changes in the carrying value of
      goodwill by segment are as follows:

                                        Existing home       New home            Home
                                          transaction      transaction     renovation
                                              services        services and furnishing          Total
                                                  RMB             RMB            RMB            RMB
                                                                (in thousands)
      Gross Carrying Value
      As of December 31, 2022                1,547,772        1,691,080     3,223,997      6,462,849
      Addition                                   17,978               –             –          17,978
      Disposal                                   (1,989)              –             –          (1,989)
      As of December 31, 2023                 1,563,761       1,691,080     3,223,997      6,478,838
      Addition (i)                             37,628                –              –         37,628
      Disposal (ii)                           (20,463)               –              –        (20,463)
      As of December 31, 2024               1,580,926        1,691,080      3,223,997     6,496,003


      Accumulated impairment
      As of December 31, 2022                (949,390)        (563,032)        (16,192)    (1,528,614)
      Impairment                                (59,163)       (34,254)              –        (93,417)
      As of December 31, 2023               (1,008,553)       (597,286)        (16,192)    (1,622,031)
      Impairment (iii)                        (68,920)         (29,276)             –        (98,196)
      Disposal                                  1,644                –              –          1,644
      As of December 31, 2024               (1,075,829)      (626,562)         (16,192)    (1,718,583)


      Net Carrying Value
      As of December 31, 2022                 598,382         1,128,048     3,207,805      4,934,235
      As of December 31, 2023                 555,208        1,093,794      3,207,805      4,856,807
      As of December 31, 2024                 505,097        1,064,518      3,207,805      4,777,420




212      KE Holdings Inc.
                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12.   GOODWILL (continued)
      (i)     During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group acquired one local real estate agency company which
              primarily engaged in existing home transaction services in Guangdong Province, resulting in the recognition of
              RMB37.6 million of goodwill.


      (ii)    During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group disposed several local real estate agency companies which
              primarily engaged in existing home transaction services in multiple cities and RMB20.5 million of goodwill was
              derecognized.


      (iii)   The Group performed goodwill impairment assessments for all its reporting units as of December 31, 2024, and
              weighed the qualitative relevant factors and quantitative assessment results in totality. As the actual financial
              performance of certain reporting units did not meet prior forecasted expectations due to unfavorable local
              market conditions, RMB98.2 million goodwill impairment loss was recorded, including RMB68.9 million related to
              reporting units within the existing home transaction services segment and RMB29.3 million related to reporting
              units within the new home transaction services segment.


              In performing quantitative impairment test, the Group used an income approach based on a discounted cash
              flow model (“DCF model”). Forecasts of future cash flows are based primarily on the best estimate of future net
              revenues, gross margin and operating expenses, which subject to expected business operation, local market
              development, and general economic conditions. Material changes in these forecasts could significantly change
              the amount of impairment recorded. Therefore it may be necessary to record further impairment charges to
              these reporting units in the future, if any changes occur.


      Key assumptions used in quantitative impairment test

      The quantitative impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of each reporting
      unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. The Group used a DCF model to estimate the
      fair value of the reporting units, as management believes forecasted operating cash flows
      were the best indicator of fair value. A number of significant assumptions were involved in
      the preparation of the DCF models including future revenues and discount rates. The financial
      projection covering a five-year period of each reporting unit adopted in DCF models for
      impairment test purpose is based on the financial budgets approved by the management of
      the Group, which considering the historical performance and its expectation for future market
      development. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a long-term
      growth rate. Post-tax discount rates reflect market assessment of the weighted average cost
      of capital in the industry the Group operates and the specific risks relating to the Group.


      As of December 31, 2024, the fair value of the home renovation and furnishing reporting unit
      exceeded its carrying value by 5.5%. The estimated fair value of a reporting unit is highly
      sensitive to changes in managements estimates and assumptions including, but not limited
      to, the revenue growth rate and discount rate. The estimated fair value will fall below carrying
      amount of the reporting unit if revenue growth rate decrease by 1.4% for each of the forecast
      year or if discount rate increases by 0.4%.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024            213
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12.   GOODWILL (continued)
      Key assumptions used in quantitative impairment test (continued)

      Certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions,
      increases in interest rates, and unfavorable impacts to the projections used in the impairment
      test for the reporting unit discussed above, including changes in customer behavior,
      decreases in delivery capability, and delays or difficulties in achieving the Group’s profitability
      goals, could cause the fair value of this reporting unit to fall below its carrying value and a
      non-cash impairment charge would be required. Such a charge could have a material effect
      on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and consolidated balance sheet.


      Impairment loss of goodwill recognized for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024
      were RMB93.4 million and RMB98.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024,
      the original gross amounts of goodwill were RMB6,478.8 million and RMB6,496.0 million,
      respectively, and the accumulated impairment losses were RMB1,622.0 million and RMB1,718.6
      million, respectively.


13.   BORROWINGS


                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                  2023            2024
                                                                                   RMB              RMB
                                                                                 (in thousands)

      Short-term borrowings                                                    290,450         288,280
      Total                                                                    290,450         288,280


      As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the contractual maturities of the borrowings are all within
      one year.


      In September 2023, Beike Technology Co., Ltd. entered into a RMB277.8 million 267-day
      short-term borrowing contract with a bank at a fixed borrowing rate of 3.35%. RMB43.3 million,
      RMB47.8 million and RMB186.7 million were scheduled to be paid off on February 29, 2024,
      March 31, 2024 and June 21, 2024, respectively. The borrowing was fully paid off upon maturity
      in 2024.




214      KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13.   BORROWINGS (continued)
      In December 2023, Tianjin Lianjia Baoye Real Estate Brokerage Co., Ltd. entered into a RMB12.7
      million 363-day short-term borrowing contract with a bank at a fixed borrowing rate of
      3.30%. RMB3.2 million and RMB9.5 million were scheduled to be paid off on June 30, 2024 and
      December 25, 2024, respectively. The borrowing was fully paid off upon maturity in 2024.


      In January 2024, Beike Technology Co., Ltd. entered into a RMB222.2 million 365-day
      short-term borrowing contract with a bank at a fixed borrowing rate of 3.00%. RMB23.3 million,
      RMB3.9 million, RMB22.8 million, RMB23.3 million and RMB148.9 million are scheduled to be paid
      off on March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024, July 12, 2024, September 30,2024 and January 11, 2025,
      respectively. As of December 31, 2024, RMB148.9 million was still outstanding.


      In January 2024, Tianjin Lianjia Baoye Real Estate Brokerage Co., Ltd. entered into a RMB10.2
      million 365-day short-term borrowing contract with a bank at a fixed borrowing rate of 3.00%.
      RMB1.7 million and RMB8.5 million are scheduled to be paid off on July 18, 2024 and January 18,
      2025, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, RMB8.5 million was still outstanding.


      In May 2024, Beike Technology Co., Ltd. entered into a RMB53.0 million 359-day short-term
      borrowing contract with a bank at a fixed borrowing rate of 2.83%. RMB8.8 million, RMB8.9
      million and RMB35.3 million are scheduled to be paid off on June 30, 2024, December 31, 2024
      and May 25, 2025, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, RMB35.3 million was still outstanding.


      In June 2024, Beike Technology Co., Ltd. entered into a RMB186.7 million 358-day short-term
      borrowing contract with a bank at a fixed borrowing rate of 2.83%. RMB43.3 million, RMB47.8
      million, RMB47.8 million and RMB47.8 million are scheduled to be paid off on August 31, 2024,
      September 30, 2024, March 21, 2025 and June 21, 2025, respectively. As of December 31, 2024,
      RMB95.6 million was still outstanding.


14.   ACCOUNTS PAYABLE


                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                 2023              2024
                                                                                 RMB                RMB
                                                                               (in thousands)

      Payable related to new home transaction business                       4,081,051     5,954,209
      Payable for home renovation materials and construction costs           1,375,333          1,713,179
      Payable for acquisition of land used for properties development                  –    538,406
      Payable for advertising fees                                            305,108       396,364
      Payable for internet service fees                                       166,085           333,835
      Payable for leasehold improvements                                       92,924           262,805
      Others                                                                  308,015           293,831
      Total                                                                 6,328,516      9,492,629




                                                                           Annual Report 2024          215
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14.   ACCOUNTS PAYABLE (continued)
      An ageing analysis of the trade payable as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, based on the
      invoice date, is as follow:


                                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                                  2023               2024
                                                                                                   RMB                RMB
                                                                                                (in thousands)

      – Up to 3 months                                                                      5,980,363            9,116,991
      – 3 months to 1 year                                                                      221,018           210,375
      – Over 1 year                                                                             127,135           165,263
      Accounts payable                                                                       6,328,516         9,492,629


15.   ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                                  2023               2024
                                                                                                   RMB                RMB
                                                                                                (in thousands)

      Deposit related to home renovation and furnishing services                               961,966          1,630,275
      Deposit related to home rental services                                                  832,877         1,434,338
      Deposit related to new home transaction services                                       1,388,784           1,151,475
      Deposit related to franchise services                                                   1,014,348         1,103,229
      Other tax payables                                                                      335,395            436,496
      Accrued operating expenses                                                                291,914          366,454
      Payable related to escrow accounts services (i)                                          153,670             115,160
      Payable of share repurchase consideration                                                  5,683             94,925
      Payable related to employees’ exercise of share-based awards                              55,783             41,481
      Deferred guarantee revenue                                                                 25,671            23,360
      Others                                                                                  629,857              871,312
      Total                                                                                 5,695,948          7,268,505


      (i)      Payable related to escrow accounts services refers to payments collected on behalf of parties involved in home
               transaction services. The payments will be paid as the transaction processes.




216         KE Holdings Inc.
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


16.   OTHER INCOME, NET
                                                                             For the Year Ended
                                                                                December 31,
                                                                                 2023             2024
                                                                                 RMB              RMB
                                                                               (in thousands)

      Investment income, net                                                  950,332           679,278
      Government grants                                                       762,070           731,198
      Others                                                                  156,898           155,562
      Total                                                                 1,869,300       1,566,038


17.   INTEREST INCOME, NET
                                                                             For the Year Ended
                                                                                December 31,
                                                                                 2023             2024
                                                                                 RMB              RMB
                                                                               (in thousands)

      Interest income                                                        1,291,485        1,288,714
      Interest expense                                                         (17,241)         (12,654)
      Bank charges                                                             (9,068)          (14,650)
      Others                                                                    (1,844)          (1,247)
      Total                                                                  1,263,332        1,260,163


18.   TAXATION
      Income tax

      Current income tax is recorded in accordance with the laws of the relevant tax jurisdictions.


      The Group applies the assets and liabilities method of income taxes in accordance with ASC
      740, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected
      future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial
      statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are provided based on
      temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and financial
      statements, using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences
      are expected to reverse.


      Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that such assets are more-likely-than-not
      to be realized. In making such a determination, the Group considers all positive and
      negative evidence, including results of recent operations and expected reversals of taxable
      income. Valuation allowances are established to offset deferred tax assets if it is considered
      more-likely-than-not that the amount of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024         217
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18.   TAXATION (continued)
      Uncertain tax positions

      The Group accounts for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the consolidated
      financial statements by applying the two-step approach to determine the amount of
      the benefit to be recorded. Under the two-step approach, the first step is to evaluate the
      tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates
      that it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained, including resolution of
      related appeals or litigation processes. If the tax positions meet the “more-likely-than-not”
      recognition threshold, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount
      that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement. The Group classifies interest and
      penalties related to income tax matters, if any, as income tax expense.


      The Group did not have any significant interest or penalties associated with tax positions
      for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024. The Group did not have any significant
      unrecognized uncertain tax positions for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024.


      Cayman Islands

      The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon
      profits, income, gains or appreciation and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance
      or estate duty. There are no other taxes likely to be material to the Group levied by the
      government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may be applicable on
      instruments executed in or brought within the jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands. In addition,
      the Cayman Islands does not impose withholding tax on dividend payments.


      British Virgin Islands

      The Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in the British Virgin Islands are not subject to income or
      capital gains tax under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands. In addition, payment of
      dividends by the British Virgin Islands subsidiaries to their respective shareholders who are not
      resident in the British Virgin Islands, if any, is not subject to withholding tax in the British Virgin
      Islands.


      Hong Kong

      Hong Kong income tax rate is two-tiered profits tax regime, under which the tax rate is 8.25%
      or assessable profits on the first HK dollar 2 million and 16.5% or any assessable profits in
      excess of HK dollar 2 million. Hong Kong profits tax was provided for the assessable profit that
      was subject to Hong Kong profits tax during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024.
      Additionally, payments of dividends by the subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong to the
      Group are not subject to any Hong Kong withholding tax.




218      KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18.   TAXATION (continued)
      China

      On March 16, 2007, the National People’s Congress of PRC enacted a new Corporate Income
      Tax Law (“new CIT law”), under which Foreign Investment Enterprises (“FIEs”) and domestic
      companies would be subject to corporate income tax at a uniform rate of 25%. The new CIT
      law became effective on January 1, 2008. Under the new CIT law, preferential tax treatments
      will continue to be granted to entities which conduct businesses in certain encouraged
      sectors and to entities otherwise classified as “small and micro businesses”.


      Certain enterprises benefit from a preferential tax rate of 15% under the EIT Law if they
      conducted business in certain encouraged high-tech sectors or areas and got the certificates
      from the competent tax authorities. The privileges cannot be applied simultaneously. Three
      and four entities in the Group for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively,
      were qualified as “high and new technology enterprise” and had a 15% preferential income tax
      rate.


      Certain enterprises benefit from a preferential tax rate of 15% under the EIT Law if they are
      located in applicable PRC regions as specified in the Catalogue of Encouraged Industries in
      Western Regions (initially effective through the end of 2010 and further extended to 2030), or
      the Western Regions Catalogue, subject to certain general restrictions described in the EIT Law
      and the related regulations. One and no entities in the Group for the years ended December
      31, 2023 and 2024, respectively, were qualified as the enterprises within the Catalogue of
      Encouraged Industry in the Western Region and had a 15% preferential income tax rate.


      The Group’s other PRC subsidiaries, consolidated VIEs (inclusive of VIEs’ subsidiaries) are
      subject to the statutory income tax rate of 25%.


      According to relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the State Taxation Administration
      of the PRC announced on March 26, 2023, effective from 2023 onwards, enterprises engaging
      in research and development activities are entitled to claim 200% of their qualified research
      and development expenses so incurred as tax deductible expenses when determining their
      assessable profits for the year (the “R&D Super Deduction”).




                                                                          Annual Report 2024      219
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18.   TAXATION (continued)
      The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) has published model
      rules, which include the implementation of a global minimum tax rate of 15%, commonly
      referred to as Pillar Two. One country in which the Group does business have enacted
      implementing legislation effective January 1, 2024. Based on the Group’s analysis of such
      enacted legislation for jurisdictions in which the Group operates, there was not a material
      impact to the Group’s 2024 income tax provision.


      Composition of income tax expense

      The components of income (loss) before tax for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024,
      are as follows:


                                                                          For the Year Ended
                                                                            December 31,
                                                                             2023            2024
                                                                              RMB              RMB
                                                                            (in thousands)

      Income (loss) before income tax expense
        Income from China operations                                    10,550,583      9,143,316
        Loss from non-China operations                                  (2,666,588)    (2,273,247)
      Total income before income tax expense                             7,883,995     6,870,069

      Income tax expense from China operations
        Current income tax expense                                       2,243,600     2,595,844
        Deferred tax (benefit)/expense                                     (273,191)     223,235
      Income tax expense from China operations                           1,970,409      2,819,079
      Income tax expense (benefit) from non-China operations                23,982         (27,190)
      Total income tax expense                                            1,994,391     2,791,889


      For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, loss from non-China operations are mainly
      resulted from (i) share-based compensation expenses amounting to RMB3,215.5 million
      and RMB2,726.1 million, respectively; and (ii) gains from investment in wealth management
      products amounting to RMB452.5 million and RMB424.0 million, respectively.




220      KE Holdings Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18.   TAXATION (continued)
      Composition of income tax expense (continued)

      The income tax expense (benefit) applicable to the Group’s operations for the years ended
      December 31, 2023 and 2024, differs from the amount computed by applying the PRC statutory
      income tax rate of 25% to income before tax due to the following:


                                                                              For the Year Ended
                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                  2023            2024

      Statutory income tax rate                                                  25.0%           25.0%
      Tax effect of preferential treatments                                     (3.7)%           (3.0)%
      Tax effect of tax-exempt entities                                           8.4%            8.3%
      Effect on tax rates in different tax jurisdiction                           0.3%           (0.4)%
      Tax effect of permanent difference                                         (4.1)%          (0.7)%
      Tax effect of R&D deduction and others                                    (2.0)%           (2.3)%
      Change in valuation allowance                                                1.4%           13.7%
      Effect tax rates                                                           25.3%           40.6%


      The changes of effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 are
      primarily driven by the change in valuation allowance as less net operation loss carryforwards
      are expected to be realized prior to expiration.


      The following table sets forth the effect of tax holiday related to China operations:


                                                                              For the Year Ended
                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                  2023            2024
                                                                                  RMB               RMB
                                                                             (in thousands, except
                                                                              for per share data)

      Tax holiday effect                                                      294,698          209,494
      Basic net income per share effect                                           0.08              0.06
      Diluted net income per share effect                                         0.08              0.06
      Denominator for basic net income per share-weighted
        average ordinary shares outstanding                                  3,521,380        3,409,773
      Denominator for diluted net income per share-weighted
        average ordinary shares outstanding                                   3,611,653       3,537,408




                                                                            Annual Report 2024        221
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18.   TAXATION (continued)
      Composition of deferred tax assets and liabilities

      The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to the deferred income tax assets and
      liabilities before net off as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 are as follows:


                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                     2023           2024
                                                                                     RMB             RMB
                                                                                (in thousands)

      Deferred tax assets
      Net operating loss carrying forward                                     3,144,161         3,412,316
      Asset impairment                                                         779,493           916,690
      Deferred rental cost                                                      17,642             19,280
      Unrealized profits                                                        154,012          252,024
      Accrual expense                                                          371,329           463,523
      Others                                                                    75,825             89,840
      Less: Valuation Allowance                                             (3,385,876)        (4,127,927)
      Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance                         1,156,586         1,025,746
      Deferred tax liabilities
      Fair value change of certain investments                                 (18,544)          (69,263)
      Intangible assets                                                      (299,025)           (213,183)
      Deferred revenue                                                          (4,666)          (55,870)
      Total deferred tax liabilities                                          (322,235)          (338,316)


      The movements of the valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024
      are as follows:


                                                                              For the Year Ended
                                                                                    December 31,
                                                                                     2023           2024
                                                                                     RMB             RMB
                                                                                (in thousands)

      Balance at the beginning of the year                                  (3,310,975)        (3,385,876)
      Remeasurement due to application of preferential tax rate                     (17,011)       (1,839)
      Additions                                                              (794,643)         (1,280,549)
      Reversals                                                                687,180           282,244
      Write-offs                                                                49,573           258,093
      Balance at the end of the year                                        (3,385,876)        (4,127,927)




222      KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18.   TAXATION (continued)
      Composition of deferred tax assets and liabilities (continued)

      A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when the Group determines
      that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets will not be utilized in the future. The
      Group considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all
      of the deferred tax assets will be more-likely-than-not realized. This assessment considers,
      among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses and forecasts of
      future profitability. These assumptions require significant judgment and the forecasts of future
      taxable income are consistent with the plans and estimates the Group is using to manage the
      underlying businesses. The statutory income tax rate of 25% or applicable preferential income
      tax rates were applied when calculating deferred tax assets.


      As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Group had net operating loss carryforwards of
      approximately RMB12,633.6 million and RMB13,602.6 million, respectively, which arose from
      the Group’s certain subsidiaries, VIEs and the VIEs’ subsidiaries established in the PRC. As of
      December 31, 2023 and 2024, deferred tax assets arose from net operating loss carryforwards
      amounted to RMB3,144.2 million and RMB3,412.3 million respectively, out of which, RMB2,848.8
      million and RMB3,243.5 million deferred tax assets were offset by valuation allowance,
      respectively, as it was considered more-likely-than-not that the amount of the deferred tax
      assets will not be realized. The remaining deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance
      arose from net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 amounted
      to RMB295.4 million and RMB168.8 million, respectively, are expected to be utilized prior to
      expiration considering future taxable income for respective entities. As of December 31, 2024,
      the net operating loss carryforwards of RMB13,602.6 million will expire in the years ending
      December 31, 2025 through 2029, respectively, if not utilized.




                                                                              Annual Report 2024      223
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18.   TAXATION (continued)
      Withholding tax on undistributed dividends

      The new CIT Law also provides that an enterprise established under the laws of a foreign
      country or region but whose “de facto management body” is located in the PRC be treated
      as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes and consequently be subject to the PRC income
      tax at the rate of 25% for its global income. The Implementing Rules of the EIT Law merely
      define the location of the “de facto management body” as “the place where the exercising,
      in substance, of the overall management and control of the production and business
      operation, personnel, accounting, property, etc., of a non-PRC company is located”. Based on
      a review of surrounding facts and circumstances, the Group does not believe that it is likely
      that its operations outside of the PRC should be considered a resident enterprise for PRC tax
      purposes.


      The new CIT law also imposes a withholding income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a
      VIE to its immediate holding company outside of China, if such immediate holding company
      is considered as a non-resident enterprise without any establishment or place within China
      or if the received dividends have no connection with the establishment or place of such
      immediate holding company within China, unless such immediate holding company’s
      jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for a different
      withholding arrangement. According to the arrangement between Mainland China and Hong
      Kong Special Administrative Region on the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention
      of Fiscal Evasion in August 2006, dividends paid by a VIE in China to its immediate holding
      company in Hong Kong will be subject to withholding tax at a rate of no more than 5% (if the
      foreign investor owns directly at least 25% of the shares of the VIE).


      The Group intends to reinvest all PRC subsidiaries’ current retained earnings to further expand
      its business in China. In case the Group decides to distribute dividends in the future, the
      amount of such dividends will be capped at the profits earned during the corresponding
      period. The dividend declared by the Group will be paid with priority using offshore funds of
      the Group, including the existing fund held by offshore subsidiaries of the Group and funds
      obtained through financing in the future. The Group does not have plan to have any of its
      PRC subsidiaries or VIEs distribute any undistributed profit of such subsidiaries or VIEs to
      their direct overseas parent companies. Accordingly, no withholding income tax is accrued
      on the undistributed earnings of the PRC subsidiaries, VIEs and subsidiaries of the VIEs as of
      December 31, 2023 and 2024.




224      KE Holdings Inc.
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
      Compensation expenses recognized for share-based awards granted by the Group were as
      follows:


                                                                               For the Year Ended
                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                   2023              2024
                                                                                    RMB               RMB
                                                                                 (in thousands)

      Included in:
      Cost of revenues                                                          502,523            521,293
      Sales and marketing expenses                                              180,465            197,320
      General and administrative expenses                                     2,345,895           1,821,817
      Research and development expenses                                         186,666           185,645
      Total                                                                    3,215,549         2,726,075

      Share-based compensation related to share options (a)                       771,151         541,956
      Share-based compensation related to restricted share units (b)            813,294           1,097,177
      Share-based compensation related to restricted shares (c)                 1,631,104        1,086,942
      Total                                                                    3,215,549         2,726,075


      There was no income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
      income for share-based compensation expenses and the Group did not capitalize any of
      the share-based compensation expenses as part of the cost of any assets during the years
      ended December 31, 2023 and 2024.


      (a)     Share-based compensations related to share options

              2018 Share Option Plan

              On August 20, 2018, the Group adopted the “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme” (the “2018
              Share Option Plan”), an equity-settled share-based compensation plan with the
              purpose of providing incentives and rewards to its employees, directors and consultants
              of the Group who have contributed or will contribute to the Group. The maximum
              number of shares that may be issued under the 2018 Share Option Plan shall be
              350,225,435 Class A Ordinary Shares of the Group on December 28, 2018. Share options
              granted under 2018 Share Option Plan have a contractual term of ten years from the
              stated vesting commencement date, and are generally scheduled to be vested over
              continuous service period of one to five years.


              Under the 2018 Share Option Plan, share options granted to employees of the Group are
              only exercisable upon the occurrence of an initial public offering of the Group.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024         225
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
      (a)   Share-based compensations related to share options (continued)

            2018 Share Option Plan (continued)

            The following table summarizes activities of the Company’s share options under 2018
            Share Option Plan as converted to the number of ordinary shares of the Company:


                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                              Weighted       average
                                                              Number of        average     remaining         Aggregate
                                                                 options       exercise   contractual          intrinsic
                                                             outstanding          price           life           value
                                                                                   US$       In Years US$ (in thousands)

            Outstanding as of December 31, 2022                59,822,418      0.00002           7.30           278,373
            Exercised                                          (17,029,713)    0.00002
            Forfeited or Cancelled                             (2,443,122)     0.00002
            Outstanding as of December 31, 2023               40,349,583       0.00002           6.39           218,022

            Outstanding as of December 31, 2023               40,349,583       0.00002           6.39           218,022
            Exercised                                          (14,183,427)    0.00002
            Forfeited or Cancelled                              (322,209)      0.00002
            Outstanding as of December 31, 2024               25,843,947       0.00002           5.47           158,682
            Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2023       7,610,018     0.00002           5.81             41,119
            Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2024      6,682,319      0.00002           5.30            41,029


            The weighted-average grant date fair value for options granted under 2018 Share
            Option Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 was US$5.8, computed using the
            binomial option pricing model. No share option was granted under 2018 Share Option
            Plan for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2024.


            During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, the aggregate intrinsic value of
            share options exercised was US$92.8 million and US$72.8 million, respectively.


            The total share-based compensation expenses recognized for share options during the
            years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 was RMB771.2 million and RMB542.0 million.




226     KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
      (a)   Share-based compensations related to share options (continued)

            2018 Share Option Plan (continued)

            The fair value of each option granted under the Company’s Share Awards in 2018 Share
            Option Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 was estimated on the date of each
            grant using the binomial option pricing model with the assumptions (or ranges thereof)
            in the following table:

                                                                                              For the
                                                                                          Year Ended
                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                                2022
            Exercise price (US$)                                                           US$0.00002
            Fair value of ordinary shares (US$)                                              3.72 ~ 6.31
            Expected volatility                                                          48.8% ~ 52.6%
            Excepted term (in years)                                                                  10
            Expected dividend yield                                                                  0%
            Risk-free interest rate                                                         2.3% ~ 4.2%


            Risk-free interest rate is estimated based on the yield curve of US Sovereign Bond as
            of the option valuation date. The expected volatility at the grant date and each option
            valuation date is estimated based on annualized standard deviation of daily stock
            price return of comparable companies with a time horizon close to the expected expiry
            of the term of the options. The Group did not anticipate any dividend payments in the
            foreseeable future. Expected term is the contract life of the options.

            As of December 31, 2024, there was RMB152.8 million of unrecognized compensation
            expense related to the share options granted to the Group’s employees, which are
            expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.0 years and may be
            adjusted for future changes in forfeitures.

      (b)   Share-based compensations related to restricted share units

            2020 Share Incentive Plan

            In July 2020, the Group adopted a 2020 Global Share Incentive Plan (the “2020 Share
            Incentive Plan”), pursuant to which the maximum number of shares of the Group
            available for issuance pursuant to all awards under the 2020 Share Incentive Plan (the
            “Award Pool”) shall initially be 80,000,000 shares, plus an annual increase on the first
            day of each fiscal year of the Group during the ten-year term of this plan commencing
            with the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2021, by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 1.0%
            of the total number of shares issued and outstanding on the last day of the immediately
            preceding fiscal year, and (ii) such number of shares as may be determined by the
            Board. The size of the Award Pool to be equitably adjusted in the event of any share
            dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split, reverse split, combination,
            consolidation or similar transactions.




                                                                             Annual Report 2024       227
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
      (b)   Share-based compensations related to restricted share units (continued)

            2020 Share Incentive Plan (continued)

            In April 2022, the Group adopted the amended 2020 Global Share Incentive Plan (the
            “Amended 2020 Share Incentive Plan”), under which the maximum aggregate number
            of Class A Ordinary Shares, per value of US$0.00002 each, may be issued pursuant to all
            awards under the Amended 2020 Plan is 253,246,913 upon the Listing.

            Pursuant to the Amended 2020 Share Incentive Plan, 29,718,591 restricted share units
            have been granted to employees of the Group during the year ended December 31,
            2024, which including 29,704,365 restricted share units are generally scheduled to be
            vested over continuous service period of one to five years, and 14,226 restricted share
            units are scheduled to be vested with performance condition.

            The following table summarizes activities of the Company’s restricted share units under
            2020 Share Incentive Plan:

                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                         average
                                                                Number of RSU         grant-date
                                                                  outstanding           fair value
                                                                                               US$
            Outstanding as of December 31, 2022                      41,502,498              6.08
            Granted                                                  46,425,615              6.03
            Vested                                                    (5,963,517)            5.90
            Forfeited or Cancelled                                   (2,002,524)              6.21
            Outstanding as of December 31, 2023                      79,962,072              6.07
            Outstanding as of December 31, 2023                       79,962,072             6.07
            Granted                                                    29,718,591            5.08
            Vested                                                  (22,936,809)             5.85
            Forfeited or Cancelled                                   (2,466,456)             5.48
            Outstanding as of December 31, 2024                      84,277,398              5.80


            The total share-based compensation expenses recognized for restricted share units
            for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 was RMB813.3 million and RMB1,097.2
            million.

            As of December 31, 2024, there was RMB2,180.3 million of unrecognized compensation
            expense related to restricted share units granted to the Group’s employees, which are
            expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years and may be
            adjusted for future changes in forfeitures.

            The total fair value of shares vested for restricted share units for the year ended
            December 31, 2023 and 2024 was RMB231.1 million and RMB901.5 million.




228     KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
      (c)   Share-based compensation related to restricted shares

            2022 Share Incentive Plan

            In May 2022, the Group adopted a 2022 Global Share Incentive Plan (the “2022 Share
            Incentive Plan”), pursuant to which the maximum number of shares of the Group
            available for issuance pursuant to all awards under the 2022 Share Incentive Plan (the
            “Award Pool”) shall be 125,692,439.


            Pursuant to the 2022 Share Incentive Plan, 71,824,250 and 53,868,189 restricted Class A
            ordinary shares have been issued to Mr. PENG Yongdong, chairman and chief executive
            officer of the Group, and Mr. SHAN Yigang, an executive director of the Group, on May
            5, 2022. Such restricted shares are not transferable and may not be sold, pledged or
            otherwise disposed of and are not entitled to receive dividends paid. Such restrictions
            will be removed in whole in five years from May 5, 2022 with restriction on certain
            portion being removed in each year, subject to the approval by a resolution of the
            Compensation Committee of the Board. The restricted shares are granted in two
            agreements and the vesting schedule according to each restricted share agreement is
            as below:


            –     50% of the restrictions on transfer and dividend rights of the restricted shares
                  are removed on the first and second anniversary of the stated vesting
                  commencement date respectively;


            –     One-third of the restrictions on transfer and dividend rights of the restricted
                  shares are removed on the third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the stated vesting
                  commencement date respectively.


            In May 2024, the transfer and dividend rights restrictions of 16,416,971 and 12,312,729
            restricted shares granted to Mr. Peng Yongdong and Mr. Shan Yigang shall be removed
            according to the 2022 Global Share Incentive Plan. However, Mr. Peng Yongdong and
            Mr. Shan Yigang voluntarily extend the transfer and dividend rights restrictions of these
            restricted shares to the third anniversary of the stated vesting commencement date.


            The extension of restriction on the restricted shares met the definition of a modification
            under ASC 718, with no incremental share-based compensation expense incurred and
            the restricted shares have been vested under the original vesting conditions.


            The total share-based compensation expenses recognized in relation to the above
            restricted Class A ordinary shares for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 was
            RMB1,225.9 million and RMB680.6 million.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024     229
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
      (c)      Share-based compensation related to restricted shares (continued)

               Shengdu Acquisition

               According to the amended acquisition agreement signed between the Group, Shengdu
               and Shengdu’s original shareholders, the Group issued 44,315,854 restricted Class A
               Ordinary Shares to the Shengdu’s original shareholders to acquired Shengdu’s 51%
               equity interest on April 20, 2022. Such restricted shares are restricted from the transfer,
               sale, pledge or any other form of disposal. 30%, 30% and 40% of the restrictions on the
               restricted shares are removed on the first, second and third anniversary of the stated
               vesting commencement date respectively.


               The following table summarizes activities of the Company’s restricted share under 2022
               Share Incentive Plan and Shengdu Acquisition:


                                                                          Number of           Weighted
                                                                           restricted          average
                                                                              shares        grant-date
                                                                        outstanding           fair value
                                                                                                    US$

               Outstanding as of December 31, 2022                        170,008,293               4.38
               Vested                                                     (13,292,404)              4.29
               Outstanding as of December 31, 2023                        156,715,889               4.39

               Outstanding as of December 31, 2023                        156,715,889               4.39
               Vested                                                     (13,297,108)              4.29
               Outstanding as of December 31, 2024                        143,418,781               4.40


               The total share-based compensation expenses recognized for restricted shares for the
               year ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 was RMB1,631.1 million and RMB1,086.9 million.


               As of December 31, 2024, there was RMB1,045.2 million of unrecognized compensation
               expense related to restricted shares granted to the Group’s employees, which are
               expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.2 years and may be
               adjusted for future changes in forfeitures.


               The total fair value of shares vested for restricted shares for the year ended December
               31, 2023 and 2024 was RMB364.9 million and RMB365.1 million.




230         KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20.   ORDINARY SHARES
      Shares

      In August 2020, the Company completed its IPO on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). The
      Company received total net proceeds of approximately US$2,358.8 million after deducting
      US$79.2 million of underwriter commissions and relevant offering expenses.


      In November 2020, the Company completed a follow-on public offering on the NYSE. The
      Company received total net proceeds of approximately US$2,322.6 million after deducting
      US$38.5 million of underwriter commissions and relevant offering expenses.


      On November 8, 2021, an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of the Company
      was held. The Memorandum and Articles of Association was amended that the Class B
      ordinary shares shall only be held by the Founder and Mr. PENG Yongdong and Mr. SHAN
      Yigang (“Co-founders”), and the immediate family members, any trust for the benefit of the
      Co-Founder and/or any of the immediate family members, and any corporation, partnership
      or any other entity ultimately controlled by the Co-Founder and/or any of the immediate
      family members (together, the “Co-Founder Affiliates”). And the shareholders approved
      that 110,116,275 Class A ordinary shares that were held by Ever Orient International Limited
      and beneficially owned by Mr. PENG Yongdong, chairman and chief executive officer of the
      Company, and 47,777,775 Class A ordinary shares that were held by Clover Rich Limited
      and beneficially owned by Mr. SHAN Yigang, an executive director of the Company, were
      re-designated and re-classified as Class B Ordinary Shares on a 1:1 basis, such Class B
      Ordinary Shares to rank pari passu in all respects with all other existing Class B Ordinary
      Shares in the authorized share capital of the Company, and that the rights, preferences,
      privileges and restrictions attaching to such re-designated shares shall be varied accordingly
      (the “Share Re-designation”). Immediately prior to the resolutions above become effective,
      Propitious Global Holdings Limited converted 157,894,050 of its Class B ordinary shares into
      Class A ordinary shares on a 1:1 basis. Propitious Global Holdings Limited, the Company’s
      principal shareholder, is ultimately controlled by Z&Z Trust, the beneficiaries of which are the
      immediate family members of Mr. ZUO Hui, who has passed away in May 2021.


      On March 31, 2022, the management of the Group, Shengdu and Shengdu’s selling
      shareholders agreed to enter into an amended share purchase agreement, pursuant to
      which the Group agreed to issue 44,315,854 restricted Class A ordinary Shares to the selling
      shareholders of Shengdu as a part of consideration for acquisition of Shengdu. The restricted
      shares were issued on April 20, 2022 subject to three years’ restriction. As of December 31,
      2024, 26,589,512 shares’ restriction was removed.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      231
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20.   ORDINARY SHARES (continued)
      Shares (continued)

      On May 5, 2022, the Group issued 71,824,250 and 53,868,189 restricted Class A ordinary
      shares under the Company’s 2022 Global Share Incentive Plan to Mr. PENG Yongdong and
      Mr. SHAN Yigang. Such restrictions will be removed in whole in five years from May 5, 2022
      with restriction on certain portion being removed in each year, subject to the approval by a
      resolution of the Compensation Committee of the Board. As of December 31, 2024, there was
      no shares’ restriction removed.


      On May 11, 2022, Propitious Global Holdings Limited converted 727,407,230 of its Class B
      ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares on a 1:1 basis. Propitious Global Holdings Limited,
      the Company’s principal shareholder, is ultimately controlled by Z&Z Trust.


      On August 12, 2022, an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles of Association was
      approved by the shareholders during an annual general meeting, according to which, the
      authorised share capital of the Company is US$500,000 divided into 25,000,000,000 shares,
      comprising (i) 24,114,698,720 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.00002 each and
      (ii) 885,301,280 Class B ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.00002 each.


      During the year ended December 31 2023 and 2024, Ever Orient International Limited converted
      3,537,486 and 4,143,361 Class B ordinary shares to Class A Ordinary Shares on a 1:1 basis, and
      Clover Rich Limited convert 1,534,861 and 1,797,742 Class B ordinary shares to Class A Ordinary
      Shares on a 1:1 basis, respectively.


      As of December 31, 2024, the Company issued 60,852,775 Class A Ordinary Shares to employee
      trust controlled by the Company upon early exercise of options, of which 54,010,742 shares
      have been exercised by employees.


      During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Company issued 88,800,000 and
      49,500,000 Class A Ordinary Shares to the depositary bank for future exercise of employees’
      share options, of which 88,139,787 shares have been exercised by employees as of December
      31, 2024.




232      KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20.   ORDINARY SHARES (continued)
      Shares (continued)

      Holders of Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares have the same rights except
      for conversion and voting rights. Class B Ordinary Shares shall only be held by Mr. PENG
      Yongdong and Mr. SHAN Yigang (each of whom, a “Co-Founder”) a Director Holding Vehicle
      wholly-owned and wholly-controlled by a Co-Founder, as defined in the currently effective
      memorandum and articles of association. Class B ordinary shares may be converted into the
      same number of Class A ordinary shares by the holders thereof at any time, while Class A
      ordinary shares cannot be converted into Class B ordinary shares under any circumstances.
      Subject to the Hong Kong Listing Rules or other applicable laws or regulations, each Class B
      ordinary share shall be automatically converted into one Class A ordinary share upon the
      occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the holder of such Class B ordinary shares dies,
      ceases to be a director or a Director Holding Vehicle wholly-owned and wholly-controlled by
      a Co-Founder, or is deemed by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to be incapacitated for the
      purpose of performing his or her duties as a director or no longer meet the requirements of
      a director as set out in the Hong Kong Listing Rules; (ii) the transfer to another person of the
      beneficial ownership of, or economic interest in, such Class B ordinary share or the control
      over the voting rights attached to such Class B ordinary share other than (a) the grant of
      any lien, pledge, charge or other encumbrance over such share which does not result in the
      transfer of the legal title or beneficial ownership of, or the voting rights attached to, such
      share, until the same is transferred upon the enforcement of such lien, pledge, charge or
      other encumbrance and (b) a transfer of the legal title to such share by a Co-Founder to a
      Director Holding Vehicle wholly-owned and wholly-controlled by him, or by a Director Holding
      Vehicle wholly-owned and wholly-controlled by a Co-Founder to the Co-Founder holding
      and controlling it or another Director Holding Vehicle wholly-owned and wholly-controlled
      by such Co-Founder; and (iii) a Director Holding Vehicle holding such Class B Ordinary
      Shares no longer complies with the principle that the weighted voting rights attached to a
      beneficiary’s shares must cease upon transfer to another person of the beneficial ownership
      of, or economic interest in, those shares or the control over the voting rights attached to them.
      Upon any sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of any Class B ordinary share by a holder
      thereof to any person other than the Co-Founders or Co-Founder affiliates, or upon a change
      of control of the ultimate beneficial ownership of any Class B ordinary share to any person
      other than the Co-Founders or Co-Founder Affiliates, such Class B ordinary share shall be
      automatically and immediately converted into one Class A ordinary share. Holders of Class
      A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares shall, at all times, vote together as one class
      on all matters submitted to a vote by the members at any general meeting of our company.
      Each Class A ordinary share shall be entitled to one vote on all matters subject to the vote at
      general meetings of our company, and each Class B ordinary share shall be entitled to ten
      votes on all matters subject to the vote at general meetings of our company.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      233
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20.   ORDINARY SHARES (continued)
      Share repurchase program

      In May 2022, the Board of directors of the Company authorized a share repurchase program
      under which the Company may repurchase up to US$1 billion of its ADSs and/or Class A
      ordinary shares in the open market at prevailing market prices, through privately negotiated
      transactions, in block trades and/or through other legally permissible means, depending on
      market conditions and in accordance with applicable rules and regulations, over a 12-month
      period, subject to obtaining general mandate from shareholders. On August 12, 2022, general
      mandate was obtained from the shareholders during Annual General Meeting.


      On June 15, 2023, the Annual General Meeting approved to grant the board of directors a
      general unconditional mandate to purchase the Company’s own shares which covers the
      repurchases under the Extended Share Repurchase Program until the conclusion of the next
      AGM of the Company. On August 31, 2023, the Board of directors approved modifications to
      the existing share repurchase program, pursuant to which the repurchase authorization has
      been increased from US$1 billion of its Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs to US$2 billion of
      its Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and extended until August 31, 2024.


      On June 14, 2024, the Annual General Meeting approved to grant the board of directors a
      general unconditional mandate to purchase the Company’s own shares which covers the
      repurchases under the Extended Share Repurchase Program until the conclusion of the next
      AGM of the Company. On August 12, 2024, the Board of directors approved modifications to
      the existing share repurchase program, pursuant to which the repurchase authorization has
      been increased from US$2 billion of its Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs to US$3 billion of
      its Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and extended until August 31, 2025.


      During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Company repurchased 141,064,215
      and 144,663,195 Class A ordinary shares in the open market at prevailing market prices, and
      the total consideration paid for the purchases was US$723.2 million (RMB5,150.6 million) and
      US$716.0 million (RMB5,101.1 million), respectively.


      During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Company cancelled 123,459,369
      and 147,784,335 Class A ordinary share with a par value of US$0.00002 per share, which were
      repurchased under the share repurchase program, respectively.


      As of December 31, 2024, 327,435,324 Class A ordinary shares have been purchased under the
      repurchase program with total consideration approximately US$1,626.5 million (RMB11,570.8
      million) since the share repurchase program launched, and 306,490,332 Class A ordinary
      share have been cancelled with a par value of US$0.00002 per share, which were repurchased
      between September 2022 and September 2024.




234      KE Holdings Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
      The following table sets forth the financial instruments, measured at fair value, by level within
      the fair value hierarchy on recurring basis as of December 31, 2023 and 2024:


                                                                  Fair value measurement at reporting date using
                                                                  Quoted prices
                                                                       in active     Significant       Significant
                                                                     markets for            other           other
                                                                       identical    observable       unobservable
                                                  December 31,           assets            inputs          inputs
                                                          2023          (Level 1)      (Level 2)         (Level 3)
                                                          RMB               RMB              RMB              RMB
                                                                          (in thousands)

      Assets
      Fair value disclosure
      Short-term investments
        Short-term time deposits                      7,690,166                –      7,690,166                  –
        Held-to-maturity debt investments               144,133                –           144,133               –
      Long-term investments
        Long-term time deposits                      15,352,785                –     15,352,785                  –
        Held-to-maturity debt investments             1,701,240                –       1,701,240                 –
      Fair value measurements on
        a recurring basis
      Short-term investments
        Wealth management products                  26,415,902                 –    24,000,694           2,415,208
      Long-term investments
        Equity investments without readily
          determinable fair value using the NAV
          practical expedient (i)                       86,240
        Investments accounted for at fair value         660,112           32,745        512,200             115,167
        Available-for-sale debt investments           5,262,159                –      5,262,159                  –
      Total                                          57,312,737           32,745     54,663,377          2,530,375




                                                                                    Annual Report 2024          235
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)
                                                                         Fair value measurement at reporting date using
                                                                          Quoted prices
                                                                                in active      Significant         Significant
                                                                             markets for             other               other
                                                                                identical      observable      unobservable
                                                        December 31,               assets           inputs              inputs
                                                                 2024            (Level 1)        (Level 2)          (Level 3)
                                                                  RMB                RMB              RMB                 RMB
                                                                                   (in thousands)

      Assets
      Fair value disclosure
      Short-term investments
        Short-term time deposits                           14,874,498                   –      14,874,498                    –
        Held-to-maturity debt investments                  5,420,043                    –       5,420,043                    –
      Long-term investments
        Long-term time deposits                            15,568,643                   –      15,568,643                    –
        Held-to-maturity debt investments                   1,798,444                   –        1,798,444                   –
      Fair value measurements on
        a recurring basis
      Short-term investments
        Wealth management products                        20,474,093                    –       19,224,772           1,249,321
        Available-for-sale debt investments                   551,348                   –          551,348                   –
      Long-term investments
        Equity investments without readily
            determinable fair value using the NAV
            practical expedient (i)                            60,691
        Investments accounted for at fair value             1,014,400              56,164           891,192            67,044
        Available-for-sale debt investments                 4,935,699                   –       4,935,699                    –
      Total                                               64,697,859               56,164      63,264,639            1,316,365


      (i)      Investments are measured at fair value using the NAV as a practical expedient. These investments have not
               been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit
               reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet.




236         KE Holdings Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)
      Reconciliations of assets categorized within Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy are as
      follow:


      Short-term investments:


                                                                                                     Amounts
                                                                                                           RMB
                                                                                               (in thousands)

      Fair value as of December 31, 2022                                                             2,999,393
      Change in fair value (i)                                                                          136,907
      Exchange adjustment                                                                                48,354
      Disposal                                                                                        (769,446)
      Fair value as of December 31, 2023                                                             2,415,208
      Addition                                                                                          357,930
      Change in fair value (i)                                                                           57,579
      Exchange adjustment                                                                                30,163
      Disposal                                                                                       (1,611,559)
      Fair value as of December 31, 2024                                                              1,249,321


      (i)   Recognized as “Fair value changes in investments, net” on the consolidated statements of comprehensive
            income.


      Long-term investments:


                                                                                                     Amounts
                                                                                                           RMB
                                                                                               (in thousands)

      Fair value as of December 31, 2022                                                                126,055
      Change in fair value (i)                                                                            4,007
      Disposal                                                                                          (14,895)
      Fair value as of December 31, 2023                                                                 115,167
      Addition                                                                                              100
      Change in fair value (i)                                                                          (43,196)
      Disposal                                                                                           (5,027)
      Fair value as of December 31, 2024                                                                67,044


      (i)   Recognized as “Fair value changes in investments, net” on the consolidated statements of comprehensive
            income.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         237
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)
      Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis

      Investments without readily determinable fair value

      The Group measures equity method investments at fair value on a non-recurring basis only if
      an impairment charge is recognized.

      For those equity investments without readily determinable fair value and accounted for other
      than under the equity method, the Group measures them at cost minus impairment, if any,
      plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the
      identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. If this measurement alternative is elected,
      changes in the carrying value of the equity investments will be required to be made whenever
      there are observable price changes in transactions for identical or similar investments of the
      same issuer. The implementation guidance notes that an entity should make a “reasonable
      effort” to identify price changes that are known or that can reasonably be known.

      As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, certain investments were assessed for impairment by
      considering factors, including but not limited to, the stage of development, the business
      plan, the financial condition, the sufficiency of funding and the operating performance of the
      investee companies. These investments were measured using unobservable inputs (Level 3)
      and written down from their respective carrying values to fair value, with impairment charges
      incurred and recorded in consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years
      then ended.

      Non-financial assets

      The Group’s non-financial assets, such as intangible assets, goodwill and property, plant and
      equipment, would be measured at fair value only if they were determined to be impaired.

      The Group reviews the long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets other than
      goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
      carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is
      based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset
      and its eventual disposition. Impairment loss for those assets were recognized based on
      the impairment test using discounted cash flow method. The impairment recognized on the
      intangible assets and long-lived assets based on management’s assessment amount to nil
      and RMB53.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

      The Group has a policy to perform goodwill impairment testing at the reporting unit level on
      December 31 annually, and between annual tests whenever a triggering event occurs. When
      performing the quantitative impairment test at reporting unit level, the Group considers
      a number of factors including but not limited to expected future cash flows, growth rates,
      discount rates, and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in the industry. The
      impairment recognized on goodwill based on management’s assessment amount to RMB93.4
      million and RMB98.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The
      fair value of reporting units was determined using Level 3 inputs.




238      KE Holdings Inc.
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (a)   Description of segments

            The Group’s organizational structure is based on a number of factors that the CODM
            uses to evaluate, view and run its business operations which include, but are not limited
            to, customer base, homogeneity of services and technology. The Group’s operating
            segments are based on this organizational structure and information reviewed by the
            Group’s CODM to evaluate the operating segment results.


            In view of the increased scale and business importance of the Group’s home rental
            services, with reported revenues exceeding the quantitative threshold of reportable
            segment, effective beginning with the first quarter of 2024, the Group split out the home
            rental services as a separate reportable segment from emerging and other services
            segment and aligned its internal financial and segment reporting in accordance
            with this change. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform to the reporting
            structure for the current year.


            Subsequent to the change, the Group operates its businesses in five segments:
            existing home transaction services, new home transaction services, home renovation
            and furnishing, home rental services, and emerging and other services. The following
            summary describes the operations in each of the Group’s reportable segment:


            (1)   Existing home transaction services: The existing home transaction segment
                  provides services in existing home market include i) agency services to sales
                  or leases of existing homes, either through acting as the principal agent or a
                  participating agent in collaboration with the principal agents; ii) platform and
                  franchise services to brokerage firms on Beike platform who provide agency
                  services in existing home market; and iii) Other transaction services, such as
                  transaction closing service through the Group’s transaction center.


            (2)   New home transaction services: The new home transaction business segment
                  provides new home transaction services in new home market. New home
                  transaction services refer to marketing services provided to real estate developers
                  to facilitate sales of new properties developed by the real estate developers to
                  property buyers. The Group signs the new home transaction services contracts
                  with the sales companies of the developers and then mobilizes all agents
                  registered with the platform to fulfil such contracts.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024    239
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (a)   Description of segments (continued)

            (3)    Home renovation and furnishing: The home renovation and furnishing business
                   segment provides a one-stop solution to give housing customers access to a
                   comprehensive range of home renovation and furnishing, ranging from interior
                   design, renovation, re-modeling, furnishing, supplies, to after-sales maintenance
                   and repair.


            (4)    Home rental services: The home rental business provides rental property
                   management and operation services with respect to dispersed and centralized
                   properties, and other rental-related services including monetization of platform
                   traffic and online rental management services.


            (5)    Emerging and other services: Emerging and other services include financial
                   service business and other newly developed businesses.


            The Group discloses segment contribution as its measure of segment performance,
            reconciled to income (loss) from operations. The Group defines contribution for each
            service line as the revenue less variable costs directly attributable to the reportable
            segment. For existing home and new home transaction services, variable costs include
            direct compensation to our internal agents and sales professionals, split commission
            to connected agents and other sales channels for such services. For home renovation
            and furnishing services, variable costs include material costs and compensation
            costs to renovation workers who are the Group’s employees or contractors. For
            home rental services, variable costs include property leasing costs paid to property
            owners according to corresponding lease contracts and direct compensation to sales
            professionals.


            Our CODM reviews segment contribution to evaluate performance and allocate
            resources, predominately in the budgeting, planning, and forecasting processes.
            For segment contribution, our CODM reviews the month-over-month and
            quarter-over-quarter change in contribution, sequential change in contribution, and
            change in contribution from internal forecasts/budgets. Expense information is provided
            to and reviewed by the CODM on a consolidated basis to evaluate cost efficiency and
            company level performance.




240     KE Holdings Inc.
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (b)   Segments data

            The following tables present summarized information by segment:

                                                                  For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                             2023             2024
                                                                              RMB              RMB
                                                                           (in thousands)
            Existing home transaction services
            Net revenues                                              27,954,135         28,201,003
            Commission and compensation costs                         (14,762,910)      (16,016,079)
            Contribution                                               13,191,225       12,184,924
            New home transaction services
            Net revenues                                              30,575,778        33,653,403
            Commission and compensation costs                        (22,455,253)      (25,304,481)
            Contribution                                               8,120,525         8,348,922
            Home renovation and furnishing
            Net revenues                                              10,850,497        14,768,947
            Material costs, commission and compensation               (7,705,325)      (10,229,696)
            Contribution                                                3,145,172        4,539,251
            Home rental services
            Net revenues                                               6,099,747        14,334,479
            Property leasing costs, commission and compensation       (6,163,044)      (13,619,506)
            (Deficit)/Contribution                                       (63,297)            714,973
            Emerging and other services
            Net revenues                                               2,296,775         2,499,666
            Commission and compensation costs                            (217,341)        (350,183)
            Contribution                                               2,079,434         2,149,483


            Reconciliation of profit
            Cost related to stores                                    (2,872,093)       (2,854,988)
            Other costs                                               (1,882,952)        (2,138,510)
            Amounts not allocated to segment:
            Sales and marketing expenses                               (6,654,178)       (7,783,341)
            General and administrative expenses                       (8,236,569)       (8,960,747)
            Research and development expenses                          (1,936,780)      (2,283,424)
            Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and other
              long-lived assets                                          (93,417)            (151,576)
            Total operating expenses                                 (16,920,944)       (19,179,088)
            Income from operations                                     4,797,070         3,764,967




                                                                        Annual Report 2024         241
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (b)   Segments data (continued)

            The Group does not allocate assets to its segments as the CODM does not evaluate the
            performance of segments using asset information.


            As substantially all of the Group’s long-lived assets are located in the PRC and
            substantially all of the Group’s revenue of reportable segments are derived from China
            based on the geographical locations where services and products are provided to
            customers, no geographical information is presented. There were no customers that
            individually accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s consolidated net sales for 2023
            and 2024.


23.   NET INCOME PER SHARE
      Basic net income per share is the amount of net income attributable to each share of ordinary
      shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted net income per share is the amount
      of net income attributable to each share of ordinary shares outstanding during the reporting
      period adjusted to include the effect of potentially dilutive ordinary shares.


      The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share for
      the years and periods indicated:


                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                               2023            2024
                                                                       (RMB in thousands, except
                                                                     for share and per share data)

      Numerator:
      Net income attributable to KE Holdings Inc.                         5,883,224       4,064,900
      Net income attributable to KE Holdings Inc.’s
        ordinary shareholders                                             5,883,224       4,064,900

      Denominator:
      Denominator for basic net income per share-
        weighted average ordinary shares outstanding                  3,521,379,938    3,409,772,592
      Adjustments for dilutive share options                              9,338,346       11,026,547
      Adjustments for dilutive restricted shares                         72,916,553     104,034,579
      Adjustments for dilutive restricted share units                      8,018,183       12,574,311
      Denominator for diluted net income per share-
        weighted average ordinary shares outstanding                   3,611,653,020   3,537,408,029
      Net income per share attributable to ordinary
        shareholders:
        – Basic                                                                 1.67               1.19
        – Diluted                                                               1.63               1.15




242      KE Holdings Inc.
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
      the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and
      operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common
      control. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.


      During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, other than disclosed elsewhere, the
      Group had the following material related party transactions.


      Related Party                                    Relationship with the Group

      Ziroom Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Ziroom”)      A group which management or operating
                                                         policies significantly influenced by a director
                                                         of the Company
      Yuanjing Mingde (Beijing) Holding Group          A group which management or operating
       Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Yuanjing         policies significantly influenced by a director
       Mingde”)                                          and/or a principal shareholder of the
                                                         Company
      IFM Investments Limited (“IFM”)                  An affiliate company of the Group
      Shanghai Xinhewan Industrial Development         An affiliate company of the Group
       Co., Ltd. (“Xinhewan”)
      Brokerage firms                                  Firms that the Group has significant influence in
      Tencent Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries       Principal owner of the Group
       and its controlled affiliated entities
       (“Tencent”)
      Suofeiya Shengdu Home (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.       An affiliate company of the Group
       (“Suofeiya Shengdu”)

      Yuanjing Mingde was a group which management or operating policies significantly
      influenced by a director and/or a principal shareholder of the Company. Such director
      ceased to be a director of Yuanjing Mingde from July 18, 2024 and the principal shareholder
      of the Company ceased to be a shareholder of Yuanjing Mingde from November 25, 2024.
      Transactions between the Group and Yuanjing Mingde before November 25, 2024 are
      disclosed as related party transactions.


      Xinhewan was an affiliate company of the Group. On January 9, 2023, the Group terminated
      the investment in Xinhewan and Xinhewan was no longer a related party thereafter.




                                                                              Annual Report 2024       243
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (i)      The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties:

                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                               2023              2024
                                                                                RMB               RMB
                                                                              (in thousands)

               Revenues from related parties
               Commission support services provided to
                  brokerage firms                                           606,062            473,539
               Platform services provided to IFM                              91,825            98,180
               Online marketing services provided to Ziroom                   74,961           55,386
               Agency services provided to Ziroom                              51,118           16,185
               Platform and franchise services provided to
                  brokerage firms                                             27,184            24,325
               Agency services provided to Yuanjing Mingde                     6,901             2,192
               Others                                                          7,596             7,360
               Total                                                        865,647            677,167


               Commission support services refer to transaction facilitation services provided to
               brokerage firms.


               Platform services refer to the fees the Group charged for using the Group’s ACN and
               SaaS system. Franchise services refer to the fees the Group charges for using the
               Group’s Deyou brand.


               Online marketing services mainly refer to the technical support, marketing and
               promotion services provided to the above related parties to promote their own services
               and products.




244         KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (i)   The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties: (continued)

            Agency services refer to services to facilitate home sales or leases. Marketing services
            commission was recognised upon the completion of contracts between referred
            customers and the related parties stated above.


            Others refers to lease rental income from related parties, which have been disclosed
            below.


                                                                 For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                            2023                 2024
                                                                             RMB                  RMB
                                                                          (in thousands)

            Purchase services and goods
              from related parties
            Referral services from brokerage firms                       853,139           602,845
            Online marketing and technical services
              from Tencent                                                122,452              186,970
            Purchase of home furnishing from Suofeiya
              Shengdu                                                      144,119              111,541
            Rental and property management services
              from Yuanjing Mingde                                         21,882               13,949
            Referral services from IFM                                     6,339                 5,618
            Services from Ziroom                                           10,661               4,774
            Others                                                         35,917               3,464
            Total                                                       1,194,509              929,161


            Referral services provided by related parties mainly refer to customer referrals from
            related parties.


            Online marketing services mainly refer to the cloud, marketing and promotion services
            provided by Tencent.


            Services from Ziroom including referral, cleaning, maintenance, sales and marketing
            services provided by Ziroom.


            Rental services mainly include the office rental from Yuanjing Mingde, which was
            charged based on fair market price.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024        245
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (i)      The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties: (continued)

                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                               2023              2024
                                                                                RMB                  RMB
                                                                             (in thousands)

               Other income, net
               Interest income and debt settlement expense
                  related to loans provided to IFM                            5,076              3,421
               Interest income from loans provided to others                    1,911           3,589
               Total                                                          6,987              7,010


                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                               2023              2024
                                                                                RMB                  RMB
                                                                             (in thousands)

               Operating lease cost related to lease
                  with related parties
               Operating lease cost related to lease with
                  Yuanjing Mingde                                             12,133            6,050
               Operating lease cost related to lease with Ziroom                 72                    –
               Operating lease cost related to lease with
                  brokerage firms                                                35                   42
               Total                                                          12,240             6,092


                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                               2023              2024
                                                                                RMB                  RMB
                                                                             (in thousands)

               Operating lease income from related parties
               Operating lease income from Suofeiya Shengdu                   3,046             3,895
               Total                                                          3,046             3,895




246         KE Holdings Inc.
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (ii)   As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Group had the following balances with related
             parties:


                                                                     As of December 31,
                                                                         2023                 2024
                                                                         RMB                   RMB
                                                                       (in thousands)

             Amounts due from and prepayments to
               related parties
             Ziroom                                                   350,047               337,752
             IFM                                                         3,128                4,170
             Yuanjing Mingde                                            7,668                    –
             Tencent                                                    2,542                 3,115
             Brokerage firms                                            20,713              20,074
             Others                                                     35,172               14,107
             Total                                                     419,270              379,218

             Amounts due to related parties
             Tencent                                                   35,002               52,645
             Ziroom                                                    35,282               27,940
             IFM                                                        31,299               39,252
             Yuanjing Mingde                                            17,819                   –
             Brokerage firms                                          302,246               271,125
             Others                                                     8,702                  484
             Total                                                    430,350               391,446




                                                                       Annual Report 2024        247
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (ii)      (continued)

                As of December 31, 2024, all amounts due from and prepayments to related parties and
                amounts due to related parties were trade in nature.


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                            2023                 2024
                                                                                             RMB                  RMB
                                                                                          (in thousands)

                Loan receivables from related parties
                Short-term loans to IFM                                                   15,000               10,000
                Short-term loans to others (a)                                             13,030                8,797
                Long-term loans to IFM                                                    27,000               22,360
                Long-term loans to others (a)                                                   –             109,050
                Total                                                                     55,030              150,207


                (a)     The balance of loans includes loans the Group provided to entities that the Group has significant
                        influence in, net of allowance for credit loss.


                As of December 31, 2024, all loan receivables from related parties were non-trade in
                nature. In relation to the loans provided to the related parties stated above, the Group
                charged the related parties based on fair market interest rate, and cash flows resulted
                from the loans were presented within investing activities in the consolidated statements
                of cash flows.




248          KE Holdings Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (ii)    (continued)

                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                            2023               2024
                                                                             RMB               RMB
                                                                          (in thousands)

              Operating Leases
              Store leases from Yuanjing Mingde                            69,391                –
              Administrative office leases from brokerage firms               48                  7
              Total operating lease assets                                69,439                  7

              Operating lease liabilities, current from
                Yuanjing Mingde                                            4,509                 –
              Operating lease liabilities, current from
                brokerage firms                                                41                 7
              Operating lease liabilities, non-current from
                Yuanjing Mingde                                           70,940                 –
              Operating lease liabilities, non-current from
                brokerage firms                                                 7                –
              Total operating lease liabilities                           75,497                  7


      (iii)   On September 5, 2022 Beike Zhaofang (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned
              subsidiary of the Company, entered into a donation agreement, or the Donation
              Agreement, with one of our principal shareholder, or the Donator. According to the
              Donation Agreement, the Donator agreed to donate RMB30 million free of charge during
              a three-year period to set up a scholarship for Huaqiao Academy run by the Group,
              or the Huaqiao Scholarship. The Group agreed to manage the Huaqiao Scholarship
              on behalf of the Donator by solely acting on its instructions. The Huaqiao Scholarship
              shall only be used to subsidize outstanding students of Huaqiao Academy, who will use
              the Huaqiao Scholarship to pay the tuition payable to Huaqiao Academy. The Huaqiao
              Scholarship shall be managed and accounted independently, and shall not be used for
              any other purpose unless instructed by the Donator, who is responsible for overseeing
              the use of the donated fund. As of December 31, 2024, accumulated donation payment
              of RMB30 million was made by the Donator, out of which, RMB10 million payment was
              made during the year ended December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, RMB2.7 million
              Huaqiao Scholarship has not been awarded.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024     249
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
      (a)   Commitments

                                                                                                                  As of
                                                                                                        December 31,
                                                                                                                  2024
                                                                                                                  RMB
                                                                                                      (in thousands)

            Operating leases commitments (i)                                                                  945,994
            Capital commitments (ii)                                                                           272,019
            Purchase of services                                                                                 2,634
            Total                                                                                             1,220,647


                                                                                                              Amounts
                                                                                                                  RMB
                                                                                                       (in thousands)

            2025                                                                                               378,922
            2026                                                                                               369,087
            2027                                                                                                267,199
            2028                                                                                                96,923
            Thereafter                                                                                          108,516
            Total                                                                                             1,220,647


            (i)     Operating leases commitments represent the Group’s obligations for leasing premises.

            (ii)    Capital commitments primarily relate to commitment on construction of office buildings.




250     KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued)
      (b)   Contingencies

            From time to time, the Group is involved in claims and legal proceedings that arise in
            the ordinary course of business.


            On December 30, 2021, the Company and certain of its current officers and directors
            were named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed in federal court,
            captioned Chin v. KE Holdings Inc. et al., No. 1:21-cv-11196 (U.S. District Court for the
            Southern District of New York). On February 26, 2024, the Court granted in part and
            denied in part defendants’ motion to dismiss, and plaintiffs were granted leave to
            replead to address the complaint’s deficiencies identified by the Court. On March
            18, 2024, plaintiff filed its Second Amended Complaint with all Exchange Act claims
            removed. On April 10, 2024, the Court ordered motion-to-dismiss briefing for the Second
            Amended Complaint to be completed in June 2024. On May 13, 2024, plaintiff filed
            its Third Amended Complaint, which removes all Exchange Act claims and asserts
            claims under Sections 11, 12 (a) (2) and 15 of the Securities Act regarding the disclosed
            total number of stores and agents on the Company’s platform as of September 30,
            2020 in the November 19, 2020 follow-on offering documents. On June 17, 2024, the
            Company filed its answer. On October 24, 2024, plaintiff voluntarily dismissed the officer
            and director defendants. The Company has accrued for the potential damages in
            connection with this case as of December 31, 2024.


            Except for the above, management does not believe that the ultimate outcome of the
            unresolved matters, individually and in the aggregate, are likely to have a material
            adverse effect on the Group’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
            However, litigations are subject to inherent uncertainties and the Group’s view of these
            matters may change in the future.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024      251
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26.   DIVIDENDS
      In August 2023, the Group’s Board of Directors approved a special cash dividend of US$0.057
      per ordinary share, or US$0.171 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs of
      record as of the close of business on September 15, 2023, Beijing/Hong Kong Time and New
      York Time, respectively, payable in U.S. dollars. As a result, US$198.5 million dividend has been
      paid out during 2023, which funded by surplus cash on the Company’s balance sheet.


      In March 2024, the Group’s Board of Directors approved a final cash dividend of US$0.117 per
      ordinary share, or US$0.351 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs of
      record as of the close of business on April 5, 2024, Beijing/Hong Kong Time and New York Time,
      respectively, payable in U.S. dollars. As a result, US$398.8 million dividend has been paid out
      during 2024, which funded by surplus cash on the Company’s balance sheet.


27.   STATUTORY RESERVES AND RESTRICTED NET ASSETS
      Pursuant to laws applicable to entities incorporated in the PRC, the Group’s subsidiaries in the
      PRC must make appropriations from after tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds. These
      reserve funds include one or more of the following: (i) a general reserve, (ii) an enterprise
      expansion fund and (iii) a staff bonus and welfare fund. Subject to certain cumulative limits,
      the general reserve fund requires an annual appropriation of 10% of after tax profit (as
      determined under accounting principles generally accepted in the PRC at each year end)
      until the accumulative amount of such reserve fund reaches 50% of a company’s registered
      capital, the other fund appropriations are at the subsidiaries’ discretion. These reserve funds
      can only be used for specific purposes of enterprise expansion and staff bonus and welfare
      and are not distributable as cash dividends. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and
      2024, appropriations to the statutory reserve have been made by the Group, which was
      RMB150.3 million and RMB115.9 million, respectively.


      In addition, due to restrictions on the distribution of share capital from the Group’s PRC
      subsidiaries and also as a result of these entities’ unreserved accumulated losses, total
      restrictions placed on the distribution of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries’ net assets was RMB23.4
      billion as of December 31, 2024.


      Cash transfers from the Company’s PRC subsidiaries to their parent companies outside
      of China are subject to PRC government control of currency conversion. Shortages in the
      availability of foreign currency may temporarily restrict the ability of the PRC subsidiaries
      and consolidated affiliated entities to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or
      other payments to the Company, or otherwise satisfy their foreign currency denominated
      obligations.




252      KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27.   STATUTORY RESERVES AND RESTRICTED NET ASSETS (continued)
      The Company performed a test on the restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries
      in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Rule 4-08 (e)
      (3), “General Notes to Financial Statements” and concluded that it was applicable for the
      Company to disclose the financial statements for the parent company.


      For the purpose of presenting parent only financial information, the Company records its
      investments in its subsidiaries under the equity method of accounting. Such investments are
      presented on the separate condensed balance sheets of the Company as “Investment in
      subsidiaries” and “Net assets of VIEs” and the income (loss) of the subsidiaries is presented
      as “Share of income (loss) of subsidiaries” and “Income (loss) of the VIEs”. Certain information
      and footnote disclosures generally included in financial statements prepared in accordance
      with U.S. GAAP have been condensed and omitted.


      The Company became parent company of the Group upon the completion of the
      Reorganization on December 28, 2018. The following disclosures present the financial positions
      of the parent company as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the operation results for the
      years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, and the statements of cash flows for the years
      ended December 31, 2023 and 2024. The Company did not have significant capital and other
      commitments, long-term obligations, or guarantees as of December 31, 2023 and 2024.




                                                                           Annual Report 2024     253
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27.   STATUTORY RESERVES AND RESTRICTED NET ASSETS (continued)
      Condensed balance sheets of the parent company

                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                              2023              2024
                                                                                               RMB               RMB
                                                                                       (in thousands, except for
                                                                                      share and per share data)
      ASSETS
      Current assets:
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                               9,414                 40,415
      Short-term investments                                                                537,847             1,946,964
      Amounts due from subsidiaries and VIEs                                              1,805,963              1,476,789
      Prepayments, receivables and other assets                                               2,003                  7,641
      Non-current assets:
      Investment in subsidiaries                                                        67,805,473            66,782,487
      Net assets of the VIEs                                                               3,061,116           2,744,068
      Long-term investments, net                                                                   –             362,992
      TOTAL ASSETS                                                                       73,221,816            73,361,356
      LIABILITIES
      Current liabilities
      Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                                           4,805               168,079
      Amounts due to subsidiaries and VIEs                                                  1,117,187            1,869,461
      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                    1,121,992            2,037,540
      SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
      Ordinary shares (US$0.00002 par value; 25,000,000,000
        ordinary shares authorized, comprising of 24,114,698,720
        Class A ordinary shares and 885,301,280 Class B
        ordinary shares. 3,571,960,220 Class A ordinary shares
        issued and 3,443,860,844 Class A ordinary shares
        outstanding(1) as of December 31, 2023; 3,479,616,986
        Class A ordinary shares issued and 3,337,567,403 Class
        A ordinary shares outstanding(1) as of December 31,
        2024; and 151,354,549 and 145,413,446 Class B ordinary
        shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023
        and 2024, respectively)                                                                475                   461
      Treasury shares                                                                     (866,198)             (949,410)
      Additional paid-in capital                                                        77,583,054            72,460,562
      Accumulated other comprehensive income                                               244,302                609,112
      Accumulated deficit                                                               (4,861,809)             (796,909)
      Total shareholders’ equity                                                        72,099,824              71,323,816
      TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY                                         73,221,816            73,361,356

      (1)      Excluding the Class A ordinary shares registered in the name of the depositary bank for future issuance of ADSs
               upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under our share incentive plans and the Class A ordinary shares
               repurchased but not cancelled in the form of ADSs.




254         KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27.   STATUTORY RESERVES AND RESTRICTED NET ASSETS (continued)
      Condensed statements of comprehensive income of the parent company

                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                          2023                2024
                                                                          RMB                  RMB
                                                                        (in thousands)

      General and administrative expenses                              (45,781)             (33,862)
      Interest income, net                                              52,460                  (117)
      Share of income of subsidiaries                                 5,618,262          3,734,104
      Income of the VIEs                                               194,884              252,952
      Fair value changes through earnings on investments, net           45,235              40,780
      Foreign currency exchange loss                                   (30,089)             (40,093)
      Other income, net                                                 48,253               111,136
      Income before income tax expense                               5,883,224        4,064,900
      Income tax expense                                                     –                    –
      Net income                                                     5,883,224        4,064,900
      Net income attributable to
       KE Holdings Inc.’s ordinary shareholders                      5,883,224        4,064,900

      Net income                                                     5,883,224        4,064,900
      Other comprehensive income
      Currency translation adjustments                                 574,223               217,142
      Unrealized gains on available-for-sale
       investments, net of reclassification                             82,800              147,668
      Total comprehensive income                                     6,540,247           4,429,710
      Total comprehensive income attributable to
       KE Holdings Inc.’s ordinary shareholders                      6,540,247           4,429,710




                                                                       Annual Report 2024        255
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27.   STATUTORY RESERVES AND RESTRICTED NET ASSETS (continued)
      Condensed statements of cash flows of the parent company

                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                 2023              2024
                                                                                  RMB              RMB
                                                                                (in thousands)

      Net cash provided by operating activities                                62,063            194,920
      Net cash provided by investing activities                              6,933,723       7,749,040
      Net cash used in financing activities                                 (6,576,333)      (7,931,793)
      Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
        equivalents                                                          (422,857)            18,834
      Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                      (3,404)           31,001
      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                     12,818            9,414
      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                           9,414           40,415


28.   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
      Directors’ remuneration disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, Section 383(1)(a), (b), (c)
      and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
      Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                 2023              2024
                                                                                  RMB              RMB
                                                                                (in thousands)

      Fees                                                                           –                –

      Other emoluments:
      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                  11,626            8,914
      Performance related bonuses                                               24,717           29,700
      Share-based compensation expenses (Note 19)                             1,229,135          683,016
      Pension scheme contributions                                                250               242
      Total                                                                  1,265,728           721,872


      During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, certain directors were granted RSUs
      in respect of their services to the Group, under the share awards plans of the Company,
      further details of which are set out in Note 19. The share-based compensation expenses were
      recognized using a straight-line method over the requisite service period under US GAAP and
      recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income during the years ended
      December 31, 2023 and 2024. Please refer to Note 2.23 Significant accounting policies for more
      details.




256      KE Holdings Inc.
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28.   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION (continued)
      The remuneration paid to directors during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 was
      as follows:


      For the Year Ended December 31, 2023


                                             Salaries,
                                          allowances     Performance     Share-based            Pension
                                         and benefits        related    compensation            scheme             Total
                                  Fees        in kind       bonuses         expenses       contributions   remuneration
                                                                            (Note 19)
                                  RMB            RMB            RMB              RMB                RMB            RMB
                                                                          (in thousands)

      PENG Yongdong (Note (a))      –           1,875         10,593         700,526                 63          713,057
      SHAN Yigang (Note (b))        –           3,850              –         525,395                 20         529,265
      XU Wangang (Note (c))         –           1,800          7,062                –                104          8,966
      XU Tao (Note (d))             –           1,800          7,062                –                63           8,925
      CHEN Xiaohong (Note (e))      –           1,239              –            1,650                 –           2,889
      LI Zhaohui (Note (f))         –               –              –                –                 –               –
      ZHU Hansong (Note (g))        –             531              –              707                 –            1,238
      WU Jun (Note (h))             –             531              –              857                 –            1,388
      Total                         –           11,626         24,717        1,229,135              250        1,265,728


      For the Year Ended December 31, 2024


                                            Salaries,
                                          allowances Performance         Share-based            Pension
                                         and benefits        related    compensation            scheme            Total
                                  Fees        in kind       bonuses         expenses       contributions   remuneration
                                                                            (Note 19)
                                  RMB            RMB            RMB              RMB               RMB             RMB
                                                                          (in thousands)

      PENG Yongdong (Note (a))      –           1,800          9,900         388,942                 66         400,708
      SHAN Yigang (Note (b))        –            1,178         6,600          291,707                 –         299,485
      XU Wangang (Note (c))         –           1,800          6,600                –                110          8,510
      XU Tao (Note (d))             –           1,800          6,600                –                66           8,466
      CHEN Xiaohong (Note (e))      –           1,258              –             1,218                –           2,476
      LI Zhaohui (Note (f))         –               –              –                –                 –               –
      ZHU Hansong (Note (g))        –             539              –              522                 –            1,061
      WU Jun (Note (h))             –             539              –              627                 –            1,166
      Total                         –           8,914         29,700          683,016               242          721,872




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024          257
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28.   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION (continued)
      (a)      PENG Yongdong is the co-founder, chairman, executive director and chief executive officer of the Company. Mr
               Yongdong Peng was appointed as the executive director since December 2018, and served as the chairman of
               the Board since May 2021.

      (b)      SHAN Yigang is the co-founder and executive director of the Company and was appointed as the executive
               director since July 2018.

      (c)      XU Wangang is the vice chairman of the Board, executive director and chief operating officer of the Company.
               Mr. Wangang Xu was appointed as the executive director since May 2021, served as a director from December
               2018 to August 2020, and also served as the vice chairman of the Board since July 2023.

      (d)      XU Tao is executive director and chief financial officer of the Company. Mr. Tao Xu was appointed as the
               executive director since August 2021 and also served as a director from December 2018 to August 2020, and also
               served as the chief financial officer of the Company since November 2016.

      (e)      CHEN Xiaohong has served as the independent director since August 2020, and re-designated as an independent
               non-executive director in May 2022.

      (f)      LI Zhaohui has served as the director since December 2018, and re-designated as a non-executive director in
               May 2022.

      (g)      ZHU Hansong has served as the independent director of the company since August 2021, and re-designated as
               an independent non-executive director in May 2022.

      (h)      WU Jun has served as the independent director of the company since March 2022, and re-designated as an
               independent non-executive Director in May 2022.


29.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      The five highest paid employees for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, included
      the following number of directors and non-directors.


                                                                                 For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2023                   2024

      Directors                                                                                    2                      2
      Non-directors                                                                                3                     3
      Total                                                                                        5                     5




258         KE Holdings Inc.
                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (continued)
      Details of the remuneration for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 of the five
      highest paid employees who are non-directors (the “Non-director Individuals”) as follows:


                                                                  For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                            2023                 2024
                                                                             RMB                  RMB
                                                                           (in thousands)

      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                             4,423               4,500
      Performance related bonuses                                          14,072                11,370
      Share-based compensation expenses                                  407,508               390,620
      Pension scheme contributions                                           230                   243
      Total                                                              426,233               406,733


      The number of Non-director Individuals whose remuneration fell within the following bands is
      as follows:


                                                                  For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                            2023                 2024

      HK$57,000,001 to HK$60,000,000                                            –                     1
      HK$60,000,001 to HK$62,000,000                                            –                     1
      HK$62,000,001 to HK$72,000,000                                            1                    –
      HK$72,000,001 to HK$203,000,000                                           1                    –
      HK$203,000,001 to HK$324,000,000                                          1                     1
      HK$324,000,001 to HK$350,000,000                                          –                    –
      Total                                                                     3                    3


      During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Non-director Individuals were
      granted RSUs in respect of their services to the Group, under the share awards plans of the
      Company, further details of which are set out in Note 19. The share-based compensation
      expenses were recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income during
      the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024.


      No remuneration was paid by the Group to any directors, the chief executive or the five highest
      paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
      loss of office for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024.




                                                                          Annual Report 2024        259
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
      During the period from January 1, 2025 to April 17, 2025, the Company repurchased a total of
      9,874,859 ADSs (representing 29,624,577 Class A ordinary shares) on the NYSE at an aggregate
      consideration of approximately US$184.0 million. During the period from January 1, 2025 to
      April 17, 2025, a total of 11,392,355 ADSs (representing 34,177,065 Class A ordinary shares) have
      been cancelled, which were repurchased by the Company in November 2024, December 2024
      and January 2025. Concurrent with the share cancellation, a total of 1,370,970 Class B ordinary
      shares has been converted into Class A ordinary shares on a one-to-one ratio, of which Mr.
      PENG Yongdong, through Ever Orient International Limited, a corporation wholly-controlled by
      him, converted 956,123 Class B ordinary shares and Mr. SHAN Yigang, through De Chang Trust,
      a discretionary trust established by him (as the settlor), converted 414,847 Class B ordinary
      shares.


      On March 18, 2025, the Board approved a final cash dividend of US$0.12 per ordinary share, or
      US$0.36 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs of record as of the close
      of business on April 9, 2025, Beijing/Hong Kong Time and New York Time, respectively, payable
      in U.S. dollars. The aggregate amount of the Dividend to be paid will be approximately US$0.4
      billion, which will be funded by cash surplus on the Company’s balance sheet.


      On March 24, 2025, the Group entered into a 5 year long-term borrowing contract with a
      bank. The credit line of this borrowing contract is capped at RMB350 million. The initial interest
      rate is 2.55%, and will be adjusted in linkage with the 5-year Loan Prime Rate (LPR) in the
      subsequent period. A land use right is mortgaged as collateral for the loan.


      On January 8, 2025 and March 15, 2025, the installments of land-transferring fee of the
      residential land parcel acquired in Shanghai has been paid by the Group, which amounting at
      RMB348.6 million and RMB348.6 million, respectively.


      On January 9, 2025 and April 9, 2025, the 2nd and 3rd installments of land-transferring fee of the
      residential land parcel acquired in Chengdu has been paid by the Group, which amounting at
      RMB215.4 million and RMB323.0 million, respectively.


      In January 2025, the Group together with two other third-party companies establish a new
      private company focusing on real estate development business in the PRC. The Group holds
      20% of equity interest in the private company. In February 2025, RMB43.0 million interest free
      loan has been made to the equity investee.


      On April 15 2025, the parties of the class action notified the Court that they had reached a
      settlement in principle and requested a stay of all current deadlines pending the submission
      of the motion for preliminary approval of the settlement.




260      KE Holdings Inc.
                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31.   RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
      The condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S.
      GAAP, which differ in certain respects from IFRS Accounting Standards (“IFRS”). The effects of
      material differences between the Historical Financial Information of the Group prepared under
      U.S. GAAP and IFRS are as follows:


      Consolidated statements of comprehensive income data

                                                                             For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
                                                                                       IFRS adjustments
                                                                                                                    Issuance
                                         Amounts                    Provision                                        costs in Investments
                                       as reported     Preferred    for credit          Lease Share-based        relation to    measured         Amounts
                                        under U.S.       Shares         losses    accounting compensation            the IPO   at fair value   as reported
                                             GAAP      (note (i))   (note (ii))    (note (iii))   (note (iv))    (note (v))     (note (vi))     under IFRS
                                              RMB           RMB           RMB             RMB             RMB           RMB            RMB            RMB
                                                                                        (in thousands)

      Revenues
      Home rental services               6,099,747             –             –     (1,306,680)              –             –               –      4,793,067
      Cost
      Cost of revenues                 (56,058,918)            –        (7,369)       1,151,705      (128,751)            –               –    (55,043,333)
      Sales and marketing expenses      (6,654,178)            –             –         36,966        (56,731)             –               –     (6,673,943)
      General and administrative
       expenses                         (8,236,569)            –             –         27,484        (74,420)             –               –     (8,283,505)
      Research and development
       expenses                         (1,936,780)            –             –               –        10,460              –               –     (1,926,320)
      Interest income, net               1,263,332             –             –       (185,382)              –             –               –      1,077,950
      Fair value changes in
       investments, net                     78,320             –             –               –              –             –           7,484        85,804
      Impairment loss for equity
       investments accounted for
       using measurement alternative      (28,800)             –             –               –              –             –          13,822        (14,978)
      Other income, net                  1,869,300             –             –        218,694               –             –          (7,352)     2,080,642
      Income before income
       tax expense                       7,883,995             –        (7,369)        (57,213)    (249,442)              –          13,954      7,583,925
      Income tax expense                 (1,994,391)           –         1,843         20,036               –             –               –      (1,972,512)
      Net income                        5,889,604              –       (5,526)         (37,177)    (249,442)              –          13,954       5,611,413
      Net income attributable to
       KE Holdings Inc.                  5,883,224             –       (5,526)         (37,177)    (249,442)              –          13,954      5,605,033
      Net income attributable to
       KE Holdings Inc.’s ordinary
       shareholders                      5,883,224             –       (5,526)         (37,177)    (249,442)              –          13,954      5,605,033




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024                     261
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31.   RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
      (continued)
      Consolidated statements of comprehensive income data (continued)

                                                                           For the Year Ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                     IFRS adjustments
                                                                                                                  Issuance
                                         Amounts                   Provision                                       costs in Investments
                                       as reported    Preferred    for credit         Lease Share-based         relation to   measured         Amounts
                                        under U.S.      Shares         losses    accounting compensation           the IPO at fair value     as reported
                                            GAAP      (note (i))   (note (ii))   (note (iii))   (note (iv))     (note (v))    (note (vi))     under IFRS
                                             RMB           RMB           RMB            RMB             RMB           RMB           RMB             RMB
                                                                                      (in thousands)

      Revenues
      Home rental services              14,334,479            –             –    (5,763,803)               –             –             –       8,570,676
      Cost
      Cost of revenues                 (70,513,443)           –        (2,250)     5,636,197        12,827               –             – (64,866,669)
      Sales and marketing expenses      (7,783,341)           –             –        47,489         (9,414)              –             –      (7,745,266)
      General and administrative
       expenses                         (8,960,747)           –             –        27,644        269,293               –             –      (8,663,810)
      Research and development
       expenses                         (2,283,424)           –             –              –           11,317            –             –      (2,272,107)
      Interest income, net               1,260,163            –             –      (616,580)               –             –             –        643,583
      Fair value changes in
       investments, net                    312,791            –             –              –               –             –         (9,178)       303,613
      Impairment loss for equity
       investments accounted for
       using measurement alternative       (9,408)            –             –              –               –             –         9,408               –
      Other income, net                  1,566,038            –             –      1,138,267               –             –       (16,156)      2,688,149
      Income before income
       tax expense                      6,870,069             –        (2,250)      469,214       284,023                –       (15,926)      7,605,130
      Income tax expense                (2,791,889)           –           562       (29,694)               –             –             –       (2,821,021)
      Net income                         4,078,180            –        (1,688)      439,520       284,023                –       (15,926)      4,784,109
      Net income attributable to
       KE Holdings Inc.                 4,064,900             –        (1,688)      439,520       284,023                –       (15,926)      4,770,829
      Net income attributable to
       KE Holdings Inc.’s ordinary
       shareholders                     4,064,900             –        (1,688)      439,520       284,023                –       (15,926)      4,770,829




262          KE Holdings Inc.
                                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31.   RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
      (continued)
      Consolidated statements of balance sheets data

                                                                                        As of December 31, 2023
                                                                                           IFRS adjustments
                                                                                                                       Issuance
                                               Amounts                   Provision                                      costs in Investments
                                             as reported    Preferred    for credit         Lease Share-based         relation to   measured        Amounts
                                              under U.S.      Shares         losses    accounting compensation           the IPO at fair value as reported
                                                   GAAP     (note (i))   (note (ii))   (note (iii))   (note (iv))     (note (v))    (note (vi))   under IFRS
                                                    RMB          RMB           RMB            RMB             RMB           RMB           RMB            RMB
                                                                                            (in thousands)

      Financing receivables,
        net of allowance for credit losses     1,347,759            –             2              –              –              –             –       1,347,761
      Lease receivables                                –            –             –      2,775,570              –              –             –      2,775,570
      Right-of-use assets                      17,617,915           –             –     (2,928,681)             –              –             –     14,689,234
      Long-term investments, net              23,570,988            –             –              –              –              –         21,103    23,592,091
      Other non-current assets                  1,473,041           –       (6,402)        28,073               –              –             –      1,494,712
      Total assets                            120,331,931           –       (6,400)      (125,038)              –              –         21,103   120,221,596

      Accrued expenses and other
        current liabilities                   5,695,948             –      (25,608)        (82,172)             –              –             –      5,588,168
      Total liabilities                       48,130,826            –      (25,608)        (82,172)             –              –             –    48,023,046
      Additional paid-in capital              77,583,054    29,811,702            –              –      1,353,231         45,338             –    108,793,325
      Accumulated other
        comprehensive income                    244,302       241,343             –              –              –              –             –       485,645
      Accumulated deficit                     (5,672,916) (30,053,045)       19,208       (42,866)     (1,353,231)       (45,338)        21,103   (37,127,085)
      Total shareholders’ equity               72,201,105           –        19,208       (42,866)              –              –         21,103    72,198,550




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024                   263
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31.   RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
      (continued)
      Consolidated statements of balance sheets data (continued)

                                                                                         As of December 31, 2024
                                                                                             IFRS adjustments
                                                                                                                        Issuance
                                               Amounts                    Provision                                      costs in Investments
                                             as reported     Preferred    for credit         Lease     Share-based     relation to   measured        Amounts
                                              under U.S.       Shares         losses accounting compensation              the IPO at fair value as reported
                                                   GAAP      (note (i))   (note (ii))   (note (iii))     (note (iv))   (note (v))    (note (vi))   under IFRS
                                                    RMB           RMB           RMB            RMB              RMB          RMB           RMB           RMB
                                                                                               (in thousands)

      Financing receivables,
        net of allowance for credit losses     2,835,527             –             –              –                –            –             –     2,835,527
      Lease receivables                                –             –             –     7,802,319                 –            –             –      7,802,319
      Right-of-use assets                    23,366,879              –             –    (7,565,950)                –            –             –    15,800,929
      Long-term investments, net              23,790,106             –             –              –                –            –          5,177   23,795,283
      Other non-current assets                  1,222,277            –       (5,840)        23,250                 –            –             –      1,239,687
      Total assets                           133,149,283             –       (5,840)       259,619                 –            –          5,177 133,408,239

      Accrued expenses and other
        current liabilities                   7,268,505              –      (23,360)      (161,904)                –            –             –      7,083,241
      Other Non-current liabilities                2,563             –             –        24,869                 –            –             –        27,432
      Total liabilities                       61,701,288             –      (23,360)      (137,035)                –            –             –    61,540,893

      Additional paid-in capital             72,460,562     29,811,702             –              –       1,069,208       45,338              –    103,386,810
      Accumulated other
        comprehensive income                     609,112       241,343             –              –                –            –             –       850,455
      Accumulated deficit                      (1,723,881) (30,053,045)       17,520      396,654        (1,069,208)     (45,338)          5,177   (32,472,121)
      Total shareholders’ equity              71,447,995             –        17,520      396,654                  –            –          5,177    71,867,346




264        KE Holdings Inc.
                                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31.   RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
      (continued)
      (i)     Preferred shares

              Under U.S. GAAP, the Company classified the Preferred Shares as mezzanine equity in the consolidated balance
              sheets because they were redeemable at the holders’ option upon the occurrence of certain deemed liquidation
              events and certain events outside of the Company’s control. The Preferred Shares are recorded initially at fair
              value, net of issuance costs. The Company recognized accretion to the respective redemption value of the
              Preferred Shares over the period starting from issuance date to the earliest redemption date.

              Under IFRS, certain redemption triggering events of the Preferred Shares are outside of the Company’s control. In
              addition, the holders of the Preferred Shares are entitled to convert the Preferred Shares into a variable number
              of the Company’s ordinary shares upon occurrence of certain events. Accordingly, the Preferred Shares are
              regarded as a hybrid instrument consisting of a host debt instrument and a conversion option as a derivative.
              The Company designated the entire Preferred Shares as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
              such that the Preferred Shares are initially recognized at fair value, while changes in the fair value due to own
              credit risk of Preferred Shares shall be presented in other comprehensive income separately.

              As of December 31, 2024, all Preferred Shares have been converted into ordinary shares, with only reclassification
              impact to the Company’s shareholder’s equity.

      (ii)    Provision for credit losses

              1)      Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has adopted ASC 326 starting from January 1, 2020. For instruments in the
                      scope of the general CECL model, lifetime expected credit losses are recorded upon initial recognition
                      of the instrument as an allowance for loan losses. Under IFRS, the Group has adopted IFRS 9 starting
                      from January 1, 2018. Upon initial recognition, only the portion of lifetime expected credit loss (“ECL”) that
                      results from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date is recorded (“stage
                      1”). Lifetime expected credit losses are subsequently recorded only if there is a significant increase in the
                      credit risk of the asset (“stage 2”). Once there is objective evidence of impairment (“stage 3”), lifetime
                      ECL continues to be recognized, but interest revenue is calculated on the net carrying amount (that is,
                      amortized cost net of the credit allowance). Accordingly, the reconciliation includes a difference in the
                      credit losses for financing receivables between IFRS 9 and ASC 326.

              2)      Under U.S. GAAP, for guarantees that are within the scope of ASC 326-20, the expected credit losses
                      are measured and accounted for without regard to the initial fair value of the guarantee. Therefore, as
                      described in ASC 460, the Group should record both a guarantee obligation and an allowance for credit
                      losses (calculated using the CECL impairment model) for financial guarantees in the scope of ASC 326.
                      Under IFRS, according to IFRS 9, after initial recognition, the Group subsequently measures the financial
                      guarantees at the higher of (1) the amount of the loss allowance and (2) the amount initially recognized
                      less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognized in accordance with the principles
                      of IFRS 15. Accordingly, the reconciliation includes a difference in financial guarantee to reduce the
                      liabilities recorded.

      (iii)   Lease accounting

              Under U.S. GAAP, for operating leases, the amortization of the right-of-use assets and interest expense related
              to the lease liabilities are recorded together as lease expense to produce a straight-line recognition effect
              in the income statement. Operating lease expense is recorded in a single financial statement line item on a
              straight-line basis over the lease term, there is no amount recorded as interest expense, and the “interest”
              amount is used to accrete the lease liability and to amortize the right-of-use asset.

              Under IFRS, lessees account for all leases like finance leases in ASC 842. The right-of-use asset is amortized to
              amortization expense on a straight-line basis, while the interest expense is recorded in connection with the lease
              liabilities on the basis that the lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost. Amortization and interest expense
              are required to be presented in separate line items by the lessee.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024             265
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31.   RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
      (continued)
      (iv)      Share-based compensation

                1)     Awards with performance targets met after the service period

                        Under U.S. GAAP, a performance target that may be met after the requisite service period is complete,
                        such as the fulfilment of a qualified successful IPO, is a performance vesting condition. The fair value
                        of the award should not incorporate the probability of a performance condition vesting, but rather
                        should be recognized only if the performance condition is probable of being achieved. The cumulative
                        share-based compensation expenses for the share options that have satisfied the service condition were
                        recorded in August 2020. Under IFRS, a performance target that may be met after the requisite service
                        period is a non-vesting condition and is reflected in the measurement of the grant date fair value of
                        an award, and share-based compensation expenses for the share options were recognized during the
                        requisite service period based on the service conditions. Thus, share-based compensation expenses
                        were recorded earlier under IFRS than under U.S. GAAP.

                2)     Attribution – awards with graded-vesting features

                        For the options and RSUs granted to employees with service condition only, the share-based
                        compensation expenses were recognized over the vesting period using straight-line method under U.S.
                        GAAP. While under IFRS, the graded vesting method must be applied.

                3)     Accounting for forfeitures of share-based awards

                        Under U.S. GAAP, companies make an entity-wide accounting policy election to account for award
                        forfeitures as they occur or by estimating expected forfeitures as compensation cost is recognized, and
                        the Group has chosen to account for forfeitures when they occur. Under IFRS, a similar policy election
                        won’t be allowed, forfeitures must be estimated.


      (v)       Issuance costs in relation to the IPO Under

                U.S. GAAP, specific incremental issuance costs directly attributable to a proposed or actual offering of securities
                may be deferred and charged against the gross proceeds of the offering, shown in equity as a deduction from
                the proceeds.

                Under IFRS, such issuance costs apply different criteria for capitalization when the listing involves both existing
                shares and a concurrent issuance of new shares of the Company in the capital market, and were allocated
                proportionately between the existing and new shares. As a result, the Group recorded issuance costs associated
                with the listing of existing shares in the profit or loss.

      (vi)      Investments measured at fair value

                Under U.S. GAAP, the investment without readily determinable fair values could elect an accounting policy choice.
                The Group elects the measurement alternative to record these equity investments without readily determinable
                fair values at cost, less impairment, and plus or minus subsequent adjustments for observable price changes.

                Under IFRS, these investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and measured
                at fair value with changes in fair value recognized through profit or loss. Fair value changes of these long-term
                investments were recognized in the profit or loss.




266          KE Holdings Inc.
                                      CORPORATE INFORMATION

DIRECTORS                                    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Executive Directors                          Siting Li (李思婷)
                                             Yee Wa Lau ( 劉綺華 ) (Chartered Secretary,
Yongdong Peng (彭永東) (Chairman of the Board
                                             Chartered Governance Professional and member
and Chief Executive Officer)
                                             of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute
Yigang Shan (單一剛)
                                             and The Chartered Governance Institute)
Wangang Xu (徐萬剛) (Vice Chairman of the
Board)
                                             AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Tao Xu (徐濤)
                                             Tao Xu (徐濤)
Non-executive Director                       Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華)

Jeffrey Zhaohui Li (李朝暉)
                                             REGISTERED OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS
Independent Non-executive Directors          Harneys Fiduciary (Cayman) Limited
                                             4th Floor, Harbour Place
Xiaohong Chen (陳小紅)
                                             103 South Church Street
Hansong Zhu (朱寒松)
                                             P.O. Box 10240
Jun Wu (武軍)
                                             Grand Cayman KY1-1002
                                             Cayman Islands
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Xiaohong Chen (陳小紅) (Chairperson)            CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
Hansong Zhu (朱寒松)
                                             Oriental Electronic Technology Building
Jun Wu (武軍)
                                             No. 2 Chuangye Road
                                             Haidian District
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
                                             Beijing 100086
Jun Wu (武軍) (Chairperson)                    PRC
Xiaohong Chen (陳小紅)
Hansong Zhu (朱寒松)                            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
                                             KONG
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                             Room 1912, 19/F, Lee Garden One
Xiaohong Chen (陳小紅) (Chairperson)            33 Hysan Avenue
Yigang Shan (單一剛)                            Causeway Bay
Hansong Zhu (朱寒松)                            Hong Kong

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
Hansong Zhu (朱寒松) (Chairperson)
Xiaohong Chen (陳小紅)
Jun Wu (武軍)




                                                                   Annual Report 2024    267
CORPORATE INFORMATION


LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE COMPANY                                 PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
As to Hong Kong law:                                          Harneys Fiduciary (Cayman) Limited
Freshfields                                                   4th Floor, Harbour Place
55th Floor, One Island East                                   103 South Church Street
Taikoo Place                                                  P.O. Box 10240
Quarry Bay                                                    Grand Cayman KY1-1002
Hong Kong                                                     Cayman Islands

As to U.S. law:                                               HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom
and affiliates                                                Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark                           Limited
15 Queen’s Road Central                                       Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Central                                                       Hopewell Centre
Hong Kong                                                     183 Queen’s Road East
                                                              Wan Chai
As to PRC law:                                                Hong Kong
Han Kun Law Offices
9/F, Office Tower C1                                          PRINCIPAL BANKER
Oriental Plaza, 1 East Chang An Avenue
                                                              China Merchants Bank
Beijing
                                                              China Merchants Bank Tower
PRC
                                                              No. 7088, Shennan Boulevard
As to Cayman Islands law:                                     Shenzhen
Harney Westwood & Riegels                                     PRC
3501 The Center
99 Queen’s Road Central                                       STOCK SHORT NAME
Central                                                       BEKE – W
Hong Kong
                                                              STOCK EXCHANGE STOCK CODE
AUDITOR AND REPORTING ACCOUNTANTS
                                                              2423
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
                                                              NYSE SYMBOL
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
22/F, Prince’s Building                                       BEKE
Central
Hong Kong                                                     COMPANY WEBSITE
                                                              investors.ke.com
COMPLIANCE ADVISER
Maxa Capital Limited
Unit 2602, 26/F, Golden Centre
188 Des Voeux Road Central
Sheung Wan
Hong Kong


This annual report has been posted in both the English and Chinese languages on the websites of the Company at
investors.ke.com and Hong Kong Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk. A printed version of this annual report is available on
request from the Company and the Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar free of charge.




268        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                        DEFINITIONS

In this annual report, the following expressions have the meanings set out below unless the context
requires otherwise.


“2018 Share Option Plan”        the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme adopted by the Shareholders
                                in August 2018, which permits the grant of awards in the form of
                                options to purchase Class A ordinary shares


“2020 Share Incentive Plan”     the 2020 Global Share Incentive Plan adopted by the Shareholders
                                in July 2020 and amended in April 2022, which permits the grant of
                                awards in the forms of options, restricted shares, and RSUs or other
                                types of awards approved by the Board or the Compensation
                                Committee


“2022 Share Incentive Plan”     the 2022 Global Share Incentive Plan adopted by the Board, which
                                permits the grant of awards in the forms of options, restricted
                                shares, and RSUs or other types of awards approved by the Board
                                or the Compensation Committee or persons authorized by the
                                Board


“ADS(s)”                        American depositary share(s), each of which represents three
                                Class A ordinary shares


“Anli Insurance Brokerage”      Beijing Anli Insurance Brokerage Co., Ltd. (北京安理保險經紀有限公司),
                                a limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC
                                on December 2, 2015 and a Consolidated Affiliated Entity as of the
                                Latest Practicable Date


“Articles” or “Articles of      our articles of association (as amended from time to time), the
  Association”                  current form of which was adopted on August 12, 2022


“associated corporation(s)”     has the meaning ascribed to it under the Part XV of the SFO


“Audit Committee”               the audit committee of the Board


“Baihui Partnership”            Baihui Partners L.P., an exempted limited partnership established
                                in Cayman Islands and a Controlling Shareholder as of the Latest
                                Practicable Date, which takes instructions from its general partner,
                                Ample Platinum Holdings Limited (as at the Latest Practicable
                                Date, each of Mr. Yongdong Peng and Mr. Yigang Shan controlled
                                50% of the equity interests in Ample Platinum Holdings Limited),
                                when exercising the voting rights in respect of the Shares under
                                the POA Arrangement




                                                                         Annual Report 2024     269
DEFINITIONS


“Beijing Beihao”                 Beijing Beihao Commercial Consultancy Co., Ltd. (北京貝好商務諮詢
                                 有限公司), a limited liability company established under the laws
                                 of the PRC on August 21, 2018 and a VIE as of the Latest Practicable
                                 Date


“Beijing Beijia”                 Beijing Beijia Commercial Consultancy Co., Ltd. (北京貝嘉商務諮詢有
                                 限公司), a limited liability company established under the laws of
                                 the PRC on August 24, 2018 and a VIE as of the Latest Practicable
                                 Date


“Beijing Ehomepay”               Beijing Ehomepay Technologies Co., Ltd. (北京理房通支付科技有限公
                                 司), a limited liability company established under the laws of the
                                 PRC on August 8, 2013 and a Consolidated Affiliated Entity as of the
                                 Latest Practicable Date


“Beijing Lianjia”                Beijing Lianjia Real Estate Brokerage Co., Ltd. (北京鏈家房地產經紀有限
                                 公司), a limited liability company established under the laws of the
                                 PRC on September 30, 2001 and a VIE as of the Latest Practicable
                                 Date


“Beijing Zhongrongxin”           Beijing Zhongrongxin Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd. (北京中融信
                                 融資擔保有限公司), a limited liability company established under
                                 the laws of the PRC on November 10, 2006 and a Consolidated
                                 Affiliated Entity as of the Latest Practicable Date


“Beike,” “Group,” “our Group,”   the Company and its subsidiaries and Consolidated Affiliated
  “the Group,”                   Entities from time to time or, where the context so requires, in
  “we,” “us,” or “our”           respect of the period prior to the Company becoming the holding
                                 company of its present subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they
                                 were subsidiaries of the Company at the relevant time


“Beike Jinke”                    Beike Jinke (Tianjin) Technology Co., Ltd. (貝殼金科(天津)技術有限公
                                 司), a limited liability company established under the laws of the
                                 PRC on October 30, 2018 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
                                 of the Company as of the Latest Practicable Date


“Beike Small Loan”               Beijing Beike Small Loan Co., Ltd. (北京貝殼小額貸款有限公司), a
                                 limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC
                                 on November 1, 2017 and a Consolidated Affiliated Entity as of the
                                 Latest Practicable Date




270       KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                              DEFINITIONS


“Beike Tianjin”             Beike (Tianjin) Investment Co., Ltd. (貝殼(天津)投資有限公司), a
                            limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC on
                            September 29, 2018 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
                            the Company as of the Latest Practicable Date


“Beike Zhaofang Web”        Beike Zhaofang Web (Beijing) Information & Technology Co., Ltd.
                            (貝殼找房網(北京)信息技術有限公司), a limited liability company
                            established under the laws of the PRC on October 9, 2016 and a
                            Consolidated Affiliated Entity as of the Latest Practicable Date


“Board”                     the board of Directors of the Company


“Cantrust”                  Cantrust (Far East) Limited, a company incorporated in British
                            Virgin Islands, a professional trustee appointed by Mr. Hui Zuo to
                            act as the trustee of the Z&Z Trust


“China” or “PRC”            the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for the purposes of this
                            report only, Taiwan, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
                            and the Macao Special Administrative Region


“Class A ordinary shares”   Class A ordinary shares of the share capital of the Company with
                            a par value of US$0.00002 each, conferring a holder of a Class A
                            ordinary share one vote per share on all matters subject to the
                            vote at general meetings of the Company


“Class B ordinary shares”   Class B ordinary shares of the share capital of the Company with
                            a par value of US$0.00002 each, conferring weighted voting rights
                            in the Company such that a holder of a Class B ordinary share is
                            entitled to ten votes per share on all matters subject to the vote
                            at general meetings of the Company, subject to the requirements
                            under Rule 8A.24 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that the Reserved
                            Matters shall be voted on a one vote per share basis


“Companies Ordinance”       the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong
                            Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
                            time to time


“Company,” “our Company”    KE Holdings Inc., an exempted company with limited liability
  or “the Company”          incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 6, 2018


“Compensation Committee”    the compensation committee of the Board




                                                                      Annual Report 2024       271
DEFINITIONS


“Consolidated Affiliated        entities we control through the Contractual Arrangements, the
  Entity(ies)”                  financial results of which are consolidated into our consolidated
                                financial statements as if they were our subsidiaries


“Contractual Arrangements”      the series of contractual arrangements entered into among our
                                WFOEs, the VIEs and/or their respective registered shareholders


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”    has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
                                and unless the context otherwise requires, refers to Z&Z Trust, Grain
                                Bud, Propitious Global, Mrs. Zuo, Baihui Partnership, Mr. Yongdong
                                Peng and Mr. Yigang Shan as a group of controlling shareholders
                                of the Company


“Corporate Governance           the corporate governance committee of the Board
  Committee”


“Director(s)”                   the director(s) of the Company


“Grain Bud”                     Grain Bud Holding Limited, a company incorporated in British
                                Virgin Islands on July 10, 2020 and wholly owned by Z&Z Trust, and
                                a Controlling Shareholder as of the Latest Practicable Date


“Hong Kong”                     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong Stock                The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  Exchange” or the
  “Stock Exchange”


“Jinbei Tianjin”                Jinbei (Tianjin) Technology Co., Ltd. (金貝(天津)技術有限公司), a
                                limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC
                                on August 22, 2018 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                Company as of the Latest Practicable Date


“Latest Practicable Date”       April 16, 2025, being the latest practicable date for ascertaining the
                                contents set out in this report


“Lianjia ”                      a real estate brokerage brand directly operated by the Company
                                since 2001 and an integral part of Beike platform


“Listing on the Hong Kong       the listing of the Class A ordinary shares on the Main Board of the
  Stock Exchange” or            Hong Kong Stock Exchange
  “Listing”




272          KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                                  DEFINITIONS


“Listing Date”                  being May 11, 2022, on which the Class A ordinary shares were
                                listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange


“Listing Document”              the listing document of the Company dated May 5, 2022


“Listing Rules” or “Hong Kong   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
  Listing Rules”                of Hong Kong Limited


“Main Board”                    the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by
                                the Hong Kong Stock Exchange which is independent from and
                                operated in parallel with the Growth Enterprise Market of the Hong
                                Kong Stock Exchange


“Memorandum” or                 our memorandum of association (as amended from time to time),
  “Memorandum of Association” the current form of which was adopted on August 12, 2022


“Model Code”                    the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


“Mr. Zuo”                       Mr. Hui Zuo, the founder and permanent chairman emeritus of the
                                Company


“Mrs. Zuo”                      Ms. Yan Zhu, the spouse of Mr. Zuo and a Controlling Shareholder
                                as of the Latest Practicable Date


“Nomination Committee”          the nomination committee of the Board


“NYSE”                          New York Stock Exchange


“POA Arrangement”               an irrevocable proxy and power of attorney executed and
                                delivered by Propitious Global on July 28, 2021 (as supplemented
                                on November 8, 2021), pursuant to which Propitious Global
                                irrevocably authorized Baihui Partnership to exercise the voting
                                rights represented by the Shares held by Propitious Global


“Propitious Global”             Propitious Global Holdings Limited, a company incorporated
                                in British Virgin Islands on November 20, 2017 and is ultimately
                                controlled by Mrs. Zuo, and a Controlling Shareholder as of the
                                Latest Practicable Date


“Reporting Period”              the year ended December 31, 2024




                                                                          Annual Report 2024    273
DEFINITIONS


“Reserved Matters”            those matters resolutions with respect to which each Share
                              is entitled to one vote at general meetings of the Company
                              pursuant to Rule 8A.24 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, being: (i)
                              any amendment to the Memorandum and Articles of Association,
                              (ii) the variation of the rights attached to any class of Shares, (iii)
                              the appointment or removal of an independent non-executive
                              Director, (iv) the appointment or removal of the Company’s
                              auditors, and (v) the voluntary winding-up of the Company


“RMB” or “Renminbi”           Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“RSU(s)”                      restricted share units


“SAMR”                        the State Administration for Market Regulation of the PRC (中
                              華人民共和國國家市場監督管理總局), formerly known as the State
                              Administration for Industry and Commerce of the PRC (中華人民共
                              和國國家工商行政管理總局)


“SEC”                         the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States


“SFC”                         the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong


“SFO”                         the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                              Hong Kong), as amended or supplemented from time to time


“Share(s)”                    the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares in the
                              share capital of the Company, as the context so requires


“Shareholder(s)”              holder(s) of Shares and, where the context requires, ADSs


“Share Incentive Plans”       the 2018 Share Option Plan, 2020 Share Incentive Plan and 2022
                              Share Incentive Plan


“Shengdu”                     Shengdu Home Renovation Co., Ltd. (聖都家居裝飾有限公司), a
                              limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC
                              on August 24, 2016, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, a
                              subsidiary of the Company


“subsidiary(ies)”             has the meaning set out in section 15 of the Companies Ordinance




274        KE Holdings Inc.
                                                                                  DEFINITIONS


“Tencent”                     Tencent Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and/or its controlled
                              affiliated entities, as the context requires. Tencent Holdings Limited
                              (Stock Code: 0700), was incorporated in the Cayman Islands
                              with limited liability and is currently listed on Hong Kong Stock
                              Exchange


“Tianjin Wuke”                Tianjin Wuke Internet & Technology Co., Ltd. (天津屋客網絡科技有限公
                              司), a limited liability company established under the laws of the
                              PRC on August 2, 2016 and a Consolidated Affiliated Entity as of the
                              Latest Practicable Date


“Tianjin Xiaowu”              Tianjin Xiaowu Information & Technology Co., Ltd. (天津小屋信息科技
                              有限公司), a limited liability company established under the laws of
                              the PRC on November 14, 2017 and a VIE as of the Latest Practicable
                              Date


“U.S.” or “United States”     the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any
                              state of the United States and the District of Columbia


“GAAP”                        accounting principles generally accepted in the United States


“US$” or “U.S. dollar”        U.S. dollars, the lawful currency of the U.S.


“VIEs,” and each a “VIE”      Beijing Lianjia, Tianjin Xiaowu, Yiju Taihe, Beijing Beijia and Beijing
                              Beihao


“weighted voting rights” or   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules
  “WVR”


“WFOEs,” and each a “WFOE”    Beike Tianjin, Jinbei Tianjin and Beike Jinke


“WVR Beneficiary(ies)”        has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
                              and unless the context otherwise requires, refers to Yongdong
                              Peng and Yigang Shan, being the holders of the Class B ordinary
                              shares as of the Latest Practicable Date


“WVR structure”               has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules




                                                                          Annual Report 2024     275
DEFINITIONS


“Yiju Taihe”                       Beijing Yiju Taihe Technology Co., Ltd. (北京宜居泰和科技有限公司), a
                                   limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC on
                                   July 23, 2010 and a VIE as of the Latest Practicable Date


“Z&Z Trust”                        a discretionary trust established by Mr. Hui Zuo on July 13, 2020
                                   and a Controlling Shareholder as of the Latest Practicable Date,
                                   the beneficiaries of which are immediate family members of Mr.
                                   Hui Zuo


“%”                                per cent

In this annual report, the terms “associate(s),” “close associate(s),” “connected person(s),”
“connected transactions(s)” and “substantial shareholder(s)” have the meanings given to such
terms in the Hong Kong Listing Rules, unless the context otherwise requires.


In this annual report, if there is any inconsistency between the Chinese names of the entities,
authorities, organisations, institutions or enterprises established in China or the awards or certificate
given in China and their English translations, the Chinese version shall prevail.




276      KE Holdings Inc.
