       Annual Financial Report
         31 December 2018

Scentre Group Limited ABN 66 001 671 496
Annual Financial Report

SCENTRE GROUP
For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2018


Contents
1    Joint Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Letter to Securityholders
2    2018 Results Overview
3    Directors’ Report
30   Independent Auditor’s Report
33   Income Statement
34   Statement of Comprehensive Income
35   Balance Sheet
36   Statement of Changes in Equity
37   Cash Flow Statement
38   Notes to the Financial Statements
73   Directors’ Declaration
74   Corporate Governance Statement
81   Investor Relations
83   Members’ Information
84   Directory
Joint Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Letter to Securityholders

Dear Securityholder
We are pleased to provide this Annual Financial Report of our Group’s      We describe our 41 centres as ‘living centres’ because they are
performance in 2018.                                                       extraordinary places where our customers come to gather and
                                                                           socialise, be entertained, dine, access services and experiences and
Scentre Group was established in 2014 and our purpose has remained
                                                                           shop. Our ability to curate a product, service and experience offer
constant ever since: ‘creating extraordinary places, connecting and
                                                                           that meets customers’ expectations is what sets us apart and enables
enriching communities’. Our purpose has guided our culture and
                                                                           us to deliver annual sales of $24 billion, high levels of customer
decision-making as we have grown our business into an extraordinary
                                                                           advocacy and annual customer visitation of 535 million, up 5 million.
platform of 41 Westfield living centres which is now the 15th largest
                                                                           This consistently high visitation is unrivalled.
entity on the ASX by market capitalisation.
                                                                           These factors explain why our occupancy has remained strong at
Our financial performance for the year ended 31 December 2018 was
                                                                           99.3%. Extraordinary retail partners who understand their customers
strong with Funds From Operations (FFO) of $1.3 billion representing
                                                                           want to be located in extraordinary places that enjoy high visitation.
25.24 cents per security, up 3.9% and a distribution of 22.16 cents
                                                                           We continue to work closely with our retail partners to help them
per security, up 2%. Statutory profit for the period was $2.3 billion
                                                                           better understand the value of physical stores and the role they play
including a revaluation uplift of $1.1 billion. Scentre Group has total
                                                                           in attracting and retaining customers, building brands and influencing
assets of $39.1 billion and assets under management of $54.2 billion.
                                                                           in-store and on-line sales.
During the year, we successfully completed more than $1.1 billion of
                                                                           As we deliver on our purpose, we do so with a responsible,
developments and added more than 106,000 sqm to our living centre
                                                                           sustainable business mindset. We want our customers to regard us as
portfolio through projects at Westfield Plenty Valley in Melbourne;
                                                                           an essential part of their communities. During the year, we launched
Westfield Carousel in Perth; Westfield Coomera on Queensland’s
                                                                           a new community grants and recognition program called Westfield
Gold Coast, our first greenfield centre; Westfield Kotara in Newcastle;
                                                                           Local Heroes. Our 117 inaugural Westfield Local Heroes each received
and Westfield Tea Tree Plaza in Adelaide. Each of these developments
                                                                           a grant of $10,000, totalling $1.17 million, to further their vital work in
has enhanced the customer experience and contributed to high levels
                                                                           addressing social needs in our local communities. We will launch the
of customer advocacy. The Group commenced the redevelopment
                                                                           second year of the program in March 2019.
of Westfield Newmarket in Auckland in 2018 and is on track to
complete this in late 2019, creating another extraordinary place for       Retail continues to be a dynamic sector and the Board, management
our customers to connect, gather, experience and shop.                     and our people are working hard to keep abreast of issues that may
                                                                           affect the Group. Given Scentre Group’s leadership position in the
Our purpose encapsulates how we create a long-term sustainable
                                                                           sector, the pre-eminent quality of our living centres and management’s
business that satisfies the needs of diverse stakeholders including
                                                                           focus on adapting to the constantly evolving retail landscape and
our people, securityholders, partners, suppliers, customers
                                                                           delivering a superior customer experience which drives strong
and communities.
                                                                           visitation and customer advocacy, our long-term view for the business
The connection between purpose, people and performance is critical         is positive.
for our business as we continue to rise to the challenge of meeting
                                                                           We would like to thank you for your ongoing support of Scentre Group.
dynamic customer expectations.
                                                                           We also thank our people for their commitment during 2018
Our organisational culture is led from the top and we engage with our
                                                                           and contributing to this year’s financial results. Our purpose will
people on the most important issues for our business in many ways.
                                                                           continue to guide our execution in the year ahead as we keep
Board members meet regularly with key members of the leadership
                                                                           creating extraordinary living centres that play an integral role in our
team, participate in asset tours of our centres and attend development
                                                                           customers’ lives.
openings where possible. Our people engage directly with the
leadership team on issues that matter to them in informal and formal
ways including ‘Team Talks’ which are broadcast live and accessible to
all. We host live broadcasts from major development openings to bring
our people closer to the latest ‘extraordinary place’ we have created.
As CEO, Peter has a direct engagement program that includes
meetings with new employees every quarter and lunches with new
parents and their children to keep them connected to the workplace
whilst on parental leave.
We continue to make progress on our vision to be the place where
talent thrives. Our focus on leadership and diversity and inclusion has
contributed to high levels of employee engagement. Last measured
in 2017, at 88% our engagement level places us in the top 2% of high       Brian Schwartz AM                          Peter Allen
performing companies globally. Our next survey will be conducted in        Chairman                                   Chief Executive Officer
2019 yet we know our engagement remains robust from a series of
important measures. For example, our retention rates are high and
of those that do leave us, 89% say they would recommend Scentre
Group as a place to work.
Diversity of experience and perspective is a recognised driver of
a sustainable, high performance culture and during the year three
new executives from outside the Group were appointed to executive
leadership positions. This includes Chief Strategy and Business
Development Officer, Cynthia Whelan, Director of Technology, Richard
Webby and Director of Corporate Affairs, Alexis Lindsay. In January
2019, Mark Bloom advised us of his retirement from the role of Chief
Financial Officer (CFO) which will take effect at our April meeting and
we will pay tribute to his leadership then. Elliott Rusanow will succeed
Mark as CFO upon his retirement. We are pleased to advise that
Cynthia and Elliott will be recognised as Executive Key Management
Personnel from 2019.




                                                                                                         SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 1
         2018 Results Overview

         Scentre Group continued its strong operating performance, delivering its forecast full year growth in Funds from Operations.
         2018 Financial Results
                                                                                                                               2018 FULL YEAR RESULTS

         Funds from Operations (FFO)                                                                                       $1,339.5 million, 3.8% growth

         FFO per security                                                                                                      25.24 cents, 3.9% growth

         Distribution per security                                                                                              22.16 cents, 2.0% growth

         Assets under management (AUM)                                                                                         $54.2 billion, 6.3% growth

         Group’s share of AUM                                                                                                  $39.1 billion, 8.0% growth

         Profit after tax                                                                                                                 $2,295.9 million

         Gearing                                                                                                                                    33.9%


         2018 Operating Performance

         Comparable net operating income (NOI)                                                                                               2.5% growth

         Portfolio leased                                                                                                                           99.3%

         Lease deals completed number                                                                                                               2,686

         Lease deals completed area                                                                                                         444,320 sqm

         Total lettable area                                                                                 > 3.8 million sqm, increase of 193,400 sqm 1

         Customer visits per annum                                                                                  > 535 million, an increase of 5 million




         1. Includes Westfield Eastgardens which was acquired during 2018.



PAGE 2
Directors’ Report

This Directors’ report provides information on the structure of our business, our financial performance for the period 1 January 2018 to
31 December 2018 (Financial Year), our strategies and prospects and the key risks that face Scentre Group (Group or SCG).
Scentre Group is structured as a stapled entity: a combination of a share in Scentre Group Limited (Company) and a unit in each of Scentre
Group Trust 1, Scentre Group Trust 2 and Scentre Group Trust 3 which are stapled and trade together as one security on the Australian
Securities Exchange (ASX). For accounting purposes, the Company is the parent entity of the Group. This report covers the Company and
its controlled entities for the Financial Year.

1. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
We own and operate the pre-eminent retail property portfolio in Australia and New Zealand, with interests in 41 centres including 16 of the
top 25 centres in Australia and 4 of the top 5 centres in New Zealand. We have an exclusive, continuing and royalty free licence to use the
Westfield brand in Australia and New Zealand for our existing portfolio and any new centres in Australia and New Zealand which meet certain
agreed characteristics.

                                                                                                                                                      As at 31 Dec 2018                                               Total

                                                                                                                                                      Centres                                                            41
                                                                                                                                                      Gross Lettable Area (sqm)                                         3.8m
                                                                                                                                                      SCG share of AUM                                             $39.1bn
                                                                                                                                                      JV Partner share of AUM                                      $15.1bn
                                                                                                                                                      Assets Under Management (AUM)                                $54.2bn


                                                                                                                                 6 6
                                                                                                                              centres
                                                                                               Brisbane
                                                                                                              $6.3bn               centres
                                                                                                         Brisbane
                                                                                                                       $6.3bn
                                                                                                                            2 WHOLLY OWNED
                                                                                                                           4 JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                                                                         2 WHOLLY OWNED
                                                                                                                                        4 JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                                                                                                       Australia & New Zealand Portfolio
                                                                                                                                                                                         Australia & New Zealand Portfolio

          3                                                                                                                      15                                        41 $39.1bn1
      3                                                                                                                                         15                                        41 $39.1bn1
                        Perth                                    Adelaide                                Sydney
       centres                                                                                                                  centres

     centres
     2 WHOLLY OWNED
                        2.1bn
                       Perth
                       $
                                                   3                  Adelaide
                                                                      $1.4bn                         $   20.3Sydney
                                                                                                             bn               7 WHOLLY OWNED  centres
                       $2.1bn
                                                       3                                                         20.3bn                                                    Centres                   SCG share of AUM
     1 JOINT VENTURE                                                                                                         8 JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                        Canberra
 2 WHOLLY OWNED
                                                centres                      $1.4bn
                                                                                              $1.3bn
                                                                                                             $                            7 WHOLLY OWNED
 1 JOINT VENTURE                                                                                                                         8 JOINT VENTURES                                  Centres                 SCG share of AUM
                                                                                                                          2
                                              3 JOINT VENTURES
                                                    centres                                   Canberra
                                                                                       Melbourne
                                                                                                     $1.3bn
                                                 3 JOINT VENTURES

                                                                         7                   Melbourne
                                                                                            $5.7bn
                                                                                                                       centres
                                                                                                                                     2                      Auckland
                                                                                7
                                                                                                                   1 WHOLLY OWNED
                                                                      centres                                      1 JOINT VENTURE
                                                                                                                                  centres
                                                                     1 WHOLLY OWNED                $5.7bn
                                                                    6 JOINT VENTURES
                                                                            centres
                                                                                                                                1 WHOLLY OWNED
                                                                                                                                1 JOINT VENTURE
                                                                                                                                                                       Auckland
                                                                          1 WHOLLY OWNED
                                                                         6 JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                                                                                                                  5
                                                                                                                                                                               centres
                                                                                                                                                                             5 JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                                                                              NZ$1.3bn
                                                                                                                                                                                                     5
                                                                                                                                                                                                  centres
                                                                                                                                                            Christchurch
                                                                                                                                                                                                5 JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                                                                                                 NZ$1.3bn
                                                                                                                                                                       Christchurch




Our real estate portfolio is well positioned and resilient with assets under management valued at $54.2 billion (SCG: $39.1 billion). We have
continued to evolve our premium portfolio of retail centres into ‘living’ centres, reflecting the Group’s capabilities to curate a unique mix of
products and services that meet the changing needs and expectations of our customers and set new industry benchmarks in our markets
of operation.
We have achieved this scale through our integrated platform. We have expertise in and manage every aspect of our portfolio – from design and
construction through to strategic development, asset management and operations including leasing, brandmedia and customer experience –
allowing us to achieve the scale of our portfolio while creating efficiencies and positioning us to deliver strong financial results.




1.
      Includes construction in progress and assets held for redevelopment.



                                                                                                                                                                SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 3
         Directors’ Report (continued)

         Financial Results
         Our primary reporting measure is Funds from Operations (FFO) which is a widely recognised measure of performance of real estate
         investment groups.
         Profit after tax, funds from operations and distribution for the period (i)
                                                                                                                                                               2018                2017
         For the 12 months ended 31 December                                                                                                 Note            $million            $million

         Net property income                                                                                                                                1,833.0             1,794.8
         Net project and management income                                                                                                                    131.4               125.5
         Overheads                                                                                                                                            (85.9)               (88.6)
         Net financing costs                                                                                                                                 (499.4)             (481.9)
         Interest on other financial liabilities                                                                                                              (35.6)               (35.0)
         Mark to market of derivatives and property linked notes                                                                                             (187.2)             (230.6)
         Net modification gain on refinanced borrowing facilities                                                                                               9.9                    –
         Exchange differences (including amounts transferred from foreign currency translation reserve)
         on realisation of net investment in foreign operations                                                                                                 0.7                  0.8
         Gain in respect of capital transactions                                                                                                               40.1                  0.0
         Property revaluations                                                                                                                              1,147.7             3,216.8
         Tax expense                                                                                                                                          (58.8)               (70.4)
         Profit after tax                                                                                                                                   2,295.9             4,231.4
         Adjusted for:
         – Property revaluations                                                                                                               2(v)         (1,147.7)          (3,216.8)
         – Amortisation of tenant allowances                                                                                                   2(iii)           67.8               53.8
         –	Net fair value loss/(gain) and associated credit risk on currency derivatives that do not qualify
              for hedge accounting                                                                                                             11               30.4                (5.6)
         –	Exchange differences (including amounts transferred from foreign currency translation
              reserve) on realisation of net investment in foreign operations                                                                  11              (0.7)                 (0.8)
         – Net fair value loss on interest rate hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting                                                12             133.6               158.4
         – Net modification gain on refinanced borrowing facilities                                                                            12              (9.9)                    –
         – Net fair value loss on other financial liabilities                                                                                  12              23.2                 77.8
         – Gain in respect of capital transactions                                                                                             2(v)           (40.1)                 (0.0)
         – Deferred tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                                      2(v)            (1.8)                  4.8
         – Funds from operations attributable to external non controlling interests (ii)                                                                      (11.2)               (12.8)
         FFO (iii)                                                                                                                                          1,339.5             1,290.2
         Less: amount retained                                                                                                                               (164.1)             (136.0)
         Dividend/distributions                                                                                                                             1,175.4             1,154.2
         (i)
                 The Group’s income and expenses have been prepared on a proportionate basis. The proportionate basis presents the net income from equity accounted
                 entities on a gross basis.
         (ii)
                 Funds from operations attributable to external non controlling interests of $11.2 million (31 December 2017: $12.8 million) consists of profit after tax attributable to
                 external non controlling interests of $8.7 million (31 December 2017: $13.5 million) adjusted for non-FFO items of +$2.5 million (31 December 2017: -$0.7 million).
         (iii)
                 A key measure of the financial performance of the Group is FFO. FFO is a widely recognised measure of the performance of real estate investment groups by the
                 property industry and is a useful measure of operating performance.
                 The Group’s measure of FFO is based upon the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts’ (NAREIT, a US industry body) definition, adjusted to reflect the
                 Group’s profit after tax and non controlling interests reported in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards and International Financial Reporting Standards.
                 The Group’s FFO excludes property revaluations of consolidated and equity accounted property investments, unrealised currency gains/losses, net fair value
                 gains or losses on interest rate hedges and other financial liabilities, gains or losses on modification of borrowing facilities, deferred tax, gains/losses from capital
                 transactions and amortisation of tenant allowances from the reported profit after tax and non controlling interests.
                                                                                                                                                                2018               2017
                                                                                                                                                               cents               cents

         FFO per security (iv)                                                                                                                                 25.24              24.29
         Dividend/distribution per security                                                                                                                    22.16              21.73
         (iv)
                 In calculating the FFO per security 5,307,143,233 (31 December 2017: 5,311,595,241) weighted average number of securities was used.




PAGE 4
Financial performance
Profit after tax for the year was $2,295.9 million including property revaluations of $1.1 billion. These revaluations were underpinned by the
completion of developments, net property income growth and improvement in capitalisation rates for high quality assets.
FFO was $1,339.5 million (FY17: $1,290.2 million) being FFO per security of 25.24 cents, in line with market guidance and reflecting an increase
of 3.9% per security.
Distributions per security for the 12 months ended 31 December 2018 were 22.16 cents, representing 2.0% growth on the prior year
(FY17: 21.73 cents) with a payout ratio of 87.8% of FFO. The distribution for the 6 months ended 31 December 2018 will be paid to
securityholders on 28 February 2019.
Return on contributed equity (ROCE) was 12.72% (FY17: 12.28%).
Our Purpose, Strategy and Key Drivers
Our purpose: “Creating extraordinary places, connecting and enriching communities”.
During the year, we focused on:
–– Customer experience;
–– Our people;
–– Asset management and development; and
–– Capital management
                                                                                                      Key highlights

                 Customer experience and retail product
                 Providing exceptional customer experiences                                           –– Active curation of retail, services
                                                                                                         and experiences to meet
                 We seek to create a customer centric culture where customer needs are
                                                                                                         customer expectations
                 central to our strategic and operational decisions.
                                                                                                      –– Introduced 437 new brands to the portfolio,
                 Core to our business is:
                                                                                                         and 317 existing brands grew their
                    ‘know the customer’                                                                  store network
                    ’listen to the customer’                                                          –– More than 35% of the stores across our
                    ’design for the customer’ and                                                        portfolio are experienced-based offerings

                    ‘engage with the customer’                                                        –– Across the five developments we opened
                                                                                                         during the year, more than half of the
                 Our focus is on connecting with our customers by providing superior                     new stores offer experiences which
                 experiences. Experiences range from centre ambience, retailer mix to food,              can only be consumed onsite, including
                 leisure and entertainment precincts and digital connectivity.                           dining, entertainment, health, fitness and
                 Curating a diverse, engaging and constantly evolving product mix.                       beauty services

                 Our focus is on delivering long term sustainable growth through the ability to       –– Improved ease of customer parking
                 curate an exceptional, diverse product mix and deliver extraordinary retail,            through continued rollout of
                 lifestyle and entertainment experiences.                                                ticketless parking

                 We actively manage our tenancy mix and seek to minimise vacancies by                 –– Launched ‘Westfield Local Heroes’
                 assessing demand by category and implementing planned precinct strategies.              a new community recognition and
                                                                                                         grants program
                 Build true retailer partnerships
                 We strive to be at the forefront of the retail property industry by developing and
                 leading a partnership model centred on “end to end” retail solutions.

                 Our people                                                                           –– Employer of Choice for Gender Equality
                 Be the place that talent can thrive                                                     citation from the Workplace Gender
                                                                                                         Equality Agency (WGEA)
                                                                                                      –– 100% retention of key executive talent
                                                                                                         identified for critical roles
                                                                                                      –– Increased female representation at the
                                                                                                         senior executive level (General Manager and
                                                                                                         above) from 22% to 26.5%, at the upper
                                                                                                         range of our 2018 target of 25% – 27%




                                                                                                          SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 5
         Directors’ Report (continued)

                                                                                                                 Key highlights

                        Asset management and development
                        Our operating strategy is to own and operate the pre-eminent retail property             –– Delivered comparable NOI growth of 2.5%
                        portfolio in Australia and New Zealand.
                                                                                                                 –– Maintained portfolio occupancy to
                        Our portfolio comprises 41 centres including 16 of the top 25 centres in Australia          >99% leased
                        and 4 of the top 5 centres in New Zealand.
                                                                                                                 –– AUM increased to $54.2 billion (SCG share:
                        We concentrate on intensively managing our centres with an emphasis on                      $39.1 billion), driven by NOI growth, value
                        delivering an optimal mix of retailers, maximising the sales productivity of retailers      creation from completed redevelopments
                        at each centre and providing superior experiences for our customers.                        and improved market capitalisation rates
                                                                                                                    for high quality retail property
                        We look to grow property income through the active curation of retail, services
                        and experience as well as contractual annual rent escalations.                           –– $24.0 billion (moving annual turnover or
                                                                                                                    MAT) total portfolio in-store retailer sales
                        Our asset management capabilities are strengthened by the scale, quality and
                        geographic diversification of our portfolio providing us with a unique operating         –– In-store sales productivity for specialty
                        platform to attract and engage with high-demand retailers and generate new                  retailers (< 400sqm) of $11,245 sales
                        income opportunities.                                                                       per sqm
                        We own a number of our centres in joint ventures and seek to grow contractual
                        property management income through joint venture partnerships.

                        We seek to deliver long-term sustainable growth by strategically investing in our        –– Opened $1.1 billion (SCG share:
                        portfolio, allowing us to adapt to the next generation of retail.                           $810 million) of redevelopments at
                                                                                                                    Westfield Plenty Valley, Carousel,
                        One of our competitive advantages is our integrated development, design and
                                                                                                                    Coomera, Kotara and Tea Tree Plaza,
                        construction platform.
                                                                                                                    adding more than 106,000 sqm
                        Our objective is to generate incremental property income and create value
                                                                                                                 –– Commenced the NZ$790 million
                        through our long term development pipeline.
                                                                                                                    (SCG share: NZ$400 million)
                        We also aim to generate project income through developments for our joint                   redevelopment of Westfield Newmarket,
                        venture partners.                                                                           which will create the leading lifestyle
                        In line with our purpose: ‘creating extraordinary places, connecting and enriching          and premium fashion destination in
                        communities’, during the year, we continued to invest in the redevelopment of               New Zealand
                        our centres for the benefit of our customers and retailers and to deliver attractive     –– Acquired a 50% share in Westfield
                        long-term total returns to our securityholders.                                             Eastgardens for $720 million
                                                                                                                 –– Successfully bid for Sydney’s Barangaroo
                                                                                                                    Central retail component
                                                                                                                 –– Revaluation gains for the portfolio
                                                                                                                    of $1.1 billion

                        Capital management                                                                       –– New and extended bank loan facilities
                        Actively manage our capital structure                                                       of $3.8 billion
                        We seek to optimise our capital structure through the disciplined management             –– Issued €500 million ($800 million) of
                        of capital, funding and liquidity to deliver long-term sustainable growth in                long term bonds
                        securityholder returns.                                                                  –– At 31 December 2018, gearing was
                                                                                                                    33.9% and the average debt maturity was
                                                                                                                    4.4 years
                                                                                                                 –– Maintained a high level of interest rate
                                                                                                                    hedging of 69% at 31 December 2018

         Outlook                                                                       Risk Management Framework
         The Group forecasts FFO growth for the 12 months ending                       Scentre Group is exposed to a range of financial and non‑financial
         31 December 2019 of approximately 3%.                                         risks arising from its operations. Accordingly, our Risk Management
                                                                                       Policy and Framework outlines the process for identifying, assessing,
         The distribution for 2019 is forecast to be 22.60 cents per security.
                                                                                       controlling, reviewing and reporting on risk. The Framework is applied
         Matters subsequent to the end of the year                                     by the various business units within the Group in order to identify,
         No events have occurred since the end of the year which would                 assess and manage the risks which may impact our ability to meet our
         significantly affect the operations of the Group.                             business objectives. This is done for all major projects, within each
                                                                                       business unit on a six monthly basis and annually at a corporate level.
         Risks
         As part of our corporate strategy we look at risk from a number of            The Board determines the overall risk appetite for the Group and has
         perspectives: global risk trends, social and environmental risks and          approved strategies, policies and procedures to ensure that key risks
         retail property specific risks. These risks are subject to continuous         are identified and managed.
         assessment and review.                                                        Identified risks are subject to ongoing assessment and review.
         As a property group involved in the design, development,                      The result is a Corporate Risk Profile, which provides a detailed
         management and operation of retail shopping centres, we face a                analysis of the major risks in our business and how we manage
         number of operational risks which have the potential to affect the            those risks.
         achievement of our targeted financial outcomes.                               There may be other risks and uncertainties which we do not currently
         A number of important strategic risks and how we manage and                   consider material, or of which the Group is currently unaware, which
         monitor such risks are outlined below.                                        may also affect of the Group. The nature and potential impact of these
                                                                                       risks may change over time.




PAGE 6
External Risks                                                               IT Systems, Data, Cyber and Business Continuity
Our financial results may be affected by an economic downturn that           There is a risk that we are subject to a cyber-attack or privacy breach,
creates challenging operating conditions                                     fail to comply with regulatory obligations or suffer a failure or outage
We focus on the geographic diversity of our centres, creating high           of a critical business system. To mitigate this risk we have standards,
quality assets and intensively managing those assets to maximise long        policies and systems to address cyber and privacy associated risks;
term revenue, delivering a strong balance sheet with gearing within our      invested in appropriate cyber security and disaster recovery systems
stated target and ensuring access to capital/debt funding sources.           and personnel and maintain an effective compliance program.
                                                                             Additionally, we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans
Regulatory changes may impact our business model which is based              that are reviewed and tested annually.
on the long-term ownership of assets
Whilst Australia and New Zealand provide politically stable                  Sustainability Risks
environments, our operations are impacted by evolving government             Climate Change
regulations and international standards. To mitigate this risk, we           As a long-term owner of real estate, we regularly review the potential
engage with industry and government on policy areas and reform.              for impact from climate change. In managing this risk we are focused
                                                                             on: reducing the cost volatility of utility services through investing in
Business Risks
                                                                             programs to reduce energy, water and waste; reviewing alternate
Property Ownership Risks                                                     energy sources; enhancing the resilience of our assets to potential
As a long-term owner of property, with a significant portion of our          business interruptions associated with climate change; and partnering
earnings derived from retail rental income, we are exposed to changes        with key stakeholders to address their future requirements.
in consumer sentiment or shopping preferences, including the
emergence of alternative retail channels. In addition, anchor tenants        People and Culture
occupy a significant portion of the total GLA of our centres. Our            There is a risk that we are unable to attract and retain the talent
strategy is to focus on creating and owning leading retail destinations      required to execute our strategies. We recognise the following
across Australia and New Zealand, investing to improve the quality of        principles as key contributors to attracting and retaining talent:
the portfolio and adapting to the next generation of retail. The intensive   creating a workforce that is reflective of the communities in which we
management of our portfolio is aimed at driving the sales productivity       operate; recognising that diversity in the workforce is a key contributor
of retailers and to provide superior experiences to consumers. We            to the success of our business; creating an inclusive culture that
explore new income and investment opportunities including expanding          supports employees at all stages of their career and encourages
media and advertising revenues, digital, car parking and infrastructure      employees to succeed to the best of their ability. We have a number
services. We view the emergence of digital technology as an important        of workplace initiatives to support these principles.
element in better connecting the retailer and our centres with               Community
the consumer.                                                                We are exposed to changes in consumer sentiment or shopping
Property Management and Development Risks                                    preferences. Our customers and retail partners, and the communities
As we derive a significant portion of our income from property               we serve, are at the heart of our business. This means curating living
management activities, our financial performance will depend in              centres which our communities are proud to call their own. As the
part on the continued redevelopment and growth of our centres.               local hubs of our trade areas we have a unique opportunity to enrich
To mitigate this risk, we have disciplined decision-making processes         the social wellbeing of our local regions. Our commitment to true
to take advantage of opportunities to deliver appropriate risk related       community engagement ensures we are delivering our purpose of
returns. With development capabilities that include all elements of          creating extraordinary places, connecting and enriching communities.
development, design, construction and project leasing, we have               Environment
a pipeline of redevelopment and expansion opportunities within               Our focus is on ensuring that through recycling of waste we reduce
our existing portfolio and we remain focused on creating the right           our impact on landfill and through reduction in water and electricity
product in the right location.                                               usage, along with our investment in alternate energy, we reduce our
Financial Risks                                                              environmental footprint.
Financing Risks
As the real estate investment and development industry is highly             2. SUSTAINABILITY
capital intensive, our ability to access debt funding at an appropriate      Environmental laws and regulations in force in the various jurisdictions
price, and to repay principal and interest on our debt, is a key             in which we operate are applicable to areas of our operations and
risk. We manage our exposure through: established treasury risk              in particular to our development, construction and shopping centre
management policies; diverse funding sources with staggered                  management activities. We have in place procedures to identify
debt maturities and appropriate levels of interest rate hedging.             and comply with such requirements including complying with the
Further information relating to financial risk management is detailed        conditions of relevant authority consents and approvals and obtaining
in Note 22 to the Financial Statements.                                      any necessary licences.
Operational Risks                                                            Our compliance procedures are regularly reviewed and audited and
Workplace Health and Safety (WH&S) Risks                                     their application closely monitored and our approach to sustainability
A WH&S incident may have a long-term impact on our employees,                risks is outlined above.
contractors or broader community. To mitigate this risk, we have
a strong workplace health and safety culture, with comprehensive             Our Sustainability Report will be published in the ﬁrst quarter of 2019
workplace health and safety programs overseen by dedicated risk              and will be available on our website.
and security personnel.
                                                                             3. DIVIDENDS/DISTRIBUTIONS
Security and Emergency Management Risks
Unexpected catastrophes could occur that place customers,                    A distribution of 11.08 cents per Scentre Group security was paid on
employees and contractors in physical danger. In seeking to exceed           31 August 2018. This distribution was an aggregate distribution from
the community’s expectations we engage with government agencies              Scentre Group Trust 1 and Scentre Group Trust 2.
and specialists to address known security and operational concerns;          A dividend/distribution of 11.08 cents per Scentre Group security
we have dedicated risk and security personnel; we have embedded              will be paid on 28 February 2019. This dividend/distribution is an
safety by design programs; and we have rehearsed security response           aggregate dividend from the Company and a distribution from Scentre
plans for each of our centres.                                               Group Trust 1, Scentre Group Trust 2 and Scentre Group Trust 3.
                                                                             The breakdown of the component parts of the distribution, including
                                                                             dividends determined by the Company, are set out in Note 8 of the
                                                                             Financial Statements and in summary form on page 81 of this Annual
                                                                             Financial Report.




                                                                                                          SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 7
         Directors’ Report (continued)

         4. DIRECTORS AND SECRETARIES                                               Michael Ihlein
         4.1 Board Membership and Qualifications                                    Independent Non-Executive Director
         The members of the Scentre Group Board and their qualifications,           Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
         experience and responsibilities are set out below.                         Member of the Nomination Committee
                                                                                    Age 63
         Brian Schwartz AM
                                                                                    Mike is a highly experienced corporate and finance executive with a
         Independent Non-Executive Chairman
                                                                                    long career with Coca-Cola Amatil Limited (and related companies)
         Chair of the Nomination Committee                                          where he was Managing Director, Poland (1995 – 1997) and Chief
         Age 66                                                                     Financial Officer and Executive Director (1997 – 2004). Mike joined
         In a career with Ernst & Young Australia spanning more than 25 years,      Brambles as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director in March
         he rose to the positions of Chairman (1996 – 1998) and then CEO of         2004 and held the position of Chief Executive Officer from July 2007
         the firm from 1998 to 2004. From 2005 to 2009, Brian was the CEO           until his retirement in November 2009. Mike holds a Bachelor of
         of Investec Bank (Australia) Limited. Brian is a director on the board     Business Studies (Accounting) from the University of Technology,
         of Guardian Early Learning Group company, part of Partners Group,          Sydney. He is currently a Director of CSR Limited and Snowy Hydro
         a global private markets investment manager, and was most recently         Limited, and is also a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company
         appointed as the new Chair of the Centennial Park and Moore Park           Directors, CPA Australia and the Financial Services Institute of
         Trust. He is a fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors     Australasia. Mike was formerly a Director of Murray Goulburn
         and the Institute of Chartered Accountants. Brian was previously           Co‑operative Co. Limited, from 2012 to 2017.
         Chairman of Insurance Australia Group Limited, Deputy Chairman
         of Westfield Corporation, Deputy Chairman of Football Federation           Carolyn Kay, Independent Non-Executive Director
         Australia Limited and a Director of Brambles Limited.                      Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                                    Member of the Audit and Risk Committee
         Peter Allen
                                                                                    Age 57
         Executive Director/Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                    Carolyn has had more than 30 years of experience in the finance
         Age 57                                                                     sector as an executive and non-executive director. In addition,
         Prior to the establishment of Scentre Group in 2014, Peter was an          Carolyn has been and remains a non-executive director of enterprises
         executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of Westfield Group. Peter   across a broad range of industries. She is currently a member of the
         joined Westfield in 1996 and between 1998 and 2004 was Westfield’s         Future Fund Board of Guardians and a non-executive director of the
         CEO of the United Kingdom/Europe and responsible for establishing          Australia-China Council. In the not for profit sector, Carolyn is also a
         Westfield’s presence in the United Kingdom. Peter is Chairman of           non-executive director of the General Sir John Monash Foundation.
         the Shopping Centre Council of Australia and a Director of the Victor      As an executive Carolyn worked as a banker and lawyer at Morgan
         Chang Cardiac Research Institute. He is a member of the President’s        Stanley, JP Morgan and Linklaters & Paines in London, New York and
         Council of the Art Gallery of NSW and is a member of the Property          Australia. Carolyn holds Bachelor Degrees in Law and Arts (University
         Male Champions of Change.                                                  of Melbourne), a Graduate Diploma in Management (AGSM) and is
                                                                                    a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. She was
         Andrew Harmos                                                              awarded a Centenary Medal for services to Australian society in
         Independent Non-Executive Director                                         business leadership.
         Chair of the Human Resources Committee
         Member of the Nomination Committee                                         Aliza Knox
         Age 59                                                                     Independent Non-Executive Director
         Andrew is one of the founding directors of Harmos Horton Lusk              Member of the Human Resources Committee
         Limited, an Auckland based specialist corporate legal advisory firm,       Age 58
         where he specialises in takeover advice and structuring, securities        Aliza has more than three decades of broad international marketing
         offerings, company acquisitions and disposals and strategic Board          and management experience. She holds an MBA in Marketing
         and transaction advice. Andrew holds a Bachelor of Commerce and            (Honors) from New York University-Leonard N. Stern, School of
         a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) from The University of Auckland. He is        Business, and a B.A., Applied Mathematics and Economics (Magna
         a Director of AMP Limited, AMP Life Limited, The National Mutual Life      Cum Laude) from Brown University. Aliza is currently the Head of Asia
         Association of Australasia Limited and Elevation Capital Management        for Cloudflare Inc. Her previous roles include Chief Operating Officer
         Limited. He chairs the Risk Committee of AMP Limited and the               at Unlockd, Vice President, Asia Pacific at Twitter from 2012 to 2017,
         Audit Committees of AMP Life Limited and The National Mutual Life          Managing Director of Commerce and Online Sales & Operations
         Association of Australasia Limited. Andrew was formerly Chairman           for Asia Pacific at Google Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. from 2007 to 2012,
         of the New Zealand Stock Exchange and a Trustee of the Arts                Senior Vice President, Commercial Solutions and Global Product
         Foundation of New Zealand.                                                 Platforms at Visa International (from 2002 to 2007) and Senior Vice
                                                                                    President, International Wireless and Global Expansion Asian Focus
                                                                                    at Charles Schwab Corporation (from 1999 to 2001). Aliza was also a
                                                                                    non-executive Director of InvoCare from 2011 to 2015, a member of
                                                                                    the supervisory board of GfK from 2014 to 2017, a member of ANZ’s
                                                                                    International Technology and Digital Business Advisory Panel from
                                                                                    2015 to 2017 and a non-executive Director of Singapore Post Limited
                                                                                    from August 2013 to July 2018.




PAGE 8
Steven Lowy AM                                                                      4.2 Directors’ Relevant Interests
Non-Executive Director                                                              The relevant interests of each Director in Scentre Group securities as
Age 56                                                                              at the date of this report are shown below.
Steven Lowy is the non-executive Chairman of OneMarket Limited.                                                                                         Number of
He was previously an executive director of the global shopping centre                                                                                     Stapled
company Westfield Corporation serving as co-Chief Executive Officer                 Director                                                            Securities
for many years prior to the sale of Westfield in June 2018. He is a
director of the Lowy Institute. He has served as Chairman of Football               Brian Schwartz                                                     165,861
Federation Australia Limited, President of the Board of Trustees of                 Peter Allen                                                      4,517,326
the Art Gallery of New South Wales, Chairman of the Victor Chang                    Andrew Harmos                                                       80,795
Cardiac Research Institute and Presiding Officer of the NSW Police                  Michael Ihlein                                                      33,048
Force Associate Degree in Policing Practice Board of Management.
He holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) from the University of                    Carolyn Kay                                                         57,000
New South Wales.                                                                    Aliza Knox                                                          60,400
Steven is retiring as a non-executive Director at the conclusion of the             Steven Lowy                                                    216,467,389
Group’s AGM on 4 April 2019.                                                        Margaret Seale                                                      56,750

Margaret Seale                                                                      No Director holds options over any issued or unissued Scentre Group
                                                                                    securities. No options over any issued or unissued stapled securities
Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                                    have been issued to the Directors. None of the Directors hold
Member of the Audit and Risk Committee                                              debentures of Scentre Group.
Member of the Human Resources Committee
                                                                                    None of the non-executive Directors are party to or entitled to a beneﬁt
Age 58
                                                                                    under a contract which confers a right to call for, or be delivered,
Margie has more than 25 years’ experience in senior executive                       interests or securities in the Group.
roles in Australia and overseas, including in the consumer goods,
health and global publishing sectors, in sales and marketing, and                   Details of the performance rights held by the CEO are set out in the
in the successful transition of traditional business models to digital              Remuneration Report.
environments. Immediately prior to her non-executive career, Margie
was Managing Director of Random House Australia and New Zealand
and President, Asia Development for Random House globally. She
is currently a non-executive director of Telstra Corporation Limited
and Australian Pacific (Holdings) Pty Limited, and was most recently
appointed director of Westpac Banking Corporation. Margie has
previously served on the boards of Penguin Random House Australia
Pty Ltd (as a non-executive director and then Chair), the Australian
Publishers’ Association, Bank of Queensland Limited, Ramsay
Health Care Limited, Chief Executive Women (chairing its Scholarship
Committee), the Powerhouse Museum and the Sydney Writers’
Festival. In 2015, Margie founded philanthropic literary travel company
Ponder & See, which funds writers’ festivals and writers through
creating literary trips or experiences for interested readers. She
donates funds and time to create, organise and lead the trips.
Margie was recently appointed a non-executive Director of Westpac
Banking Corporation which takes effect on 1 March 2019.


4.3 Directors’ attendance at meetings
The number of Board and Committee meetings held and attended by each Director during the Financial Year are detailed below.
                                                                                                       Audit and Risk     Human Resources         Nomination
                                                                                         Board1         Committee 2         Committee             Committee
Director                                                                           Held     Attended   Held    Attended     Held    Attended     Held     Attended

Brian Schwartz                                                                      11            11     –          –         –         –          6          6
Peter Allen                                                                         11            11     –          –         –         –          –          –
Andrew Harmos                                                                       11            11     –          –         5         5          6          6
Michael Ihlein                                                                      11            11     5          5         –         –          6          6
Carolyn Kay                                                                         11            11     5          5         –         –          –          –
Aliza Knox                                                                          11            11     –          –         5         5          –          –
Steven Lowy                                                                         11            10     –          –         –         –          –          –
Margaret Seale                                                                      11            11     5          5         5         5          –          –
1.
     The Board meets in person at least 6 times per year. 7 meetings in person were held in 2018. Intervening meetings comprise operational updates and are
     conducted by telephone.
2.
     Directors also attend meetings of Committees of which they are not a member. The Chairman of the Board typically attends meetings of the Audit and
     Risk Committee. This attendance is not reflected in the table above.
3.
     The Committees are comprised of the following non-executive Directors: Nomination Committee: Brian Schwartz (Chair), Andrew Harmos and Michael Ihlein;
     Audit and Risk Committee: Michael Ihlein (Chair), Carolyn Kay and Margaret Seale; and Human Resources Committee: Andrew Harmos (Chair), Aliza Knox
     and Margaret Seale.




                                                                                                                    SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 9
          Directors’ Report (continued)

          4.4 Directors’ directorships of other listed companies
          Details of all directorships of other listed entities held by each Director in the 3 years immediately before 31 December 2018 are as follows:
          Director                  Company                                                                Date appointed                     Date resigned
          Brian Schwartz            Scentre Management Limited*                                            6 May 2009                         Continuing
                                    RE1 Limited*                                                           30 June 2014                       Continuing
                                    RE2 Limited*                                                           30 June 2014                       Continuing
                                    Insurance Australia Group Limited                                      1 January 2005                     31 March 2016
                                    Westﬁeld America Management Limited^                                   6 May 2009                         7 June 2018
                                    Westﬁeld Corporation Limited^                                          8 April 2014                       7 June 2018
          Peter Allen               Scentre Management Limited*                                            25 May 2011                        Continuing
                                    RE1 Limited*                                                           12 August 2010                     Continuing
                                    RE2 Limited*                                                           12 August 2010                     Continuing
          Andrew Harmos             Scentre Management Limited*                                            30 June 2014                       Continuing
                                    RE1 Limited*                                                           21 December 2010                   Continuing
                                    RE2 Limited*                                                           21 December 2010                   Continuing
                                    AMP Limited                                                            1 June 2017                        Continuing
          Michael Ihlein            Scentre Management Limited*                                            30 June 2014                       Continuing
                                    RE1 Limited*                                                           21 December 2010                   Continuing
                                    RE2 Limited*                                                           21 December 2010                   Continuing
                                    CSR Limited                                                            7 July 2011                        Continuing
                                    MG Unit Trust                                                          3 July 2015                        27 October 2017
          Carolyn Kay               Scentre Management Limited*                                            24 February 2016                   Continuing
                                    RE1 Limited*                                                           24 February 2016                   Continuing
                                    RE2 Limited*                                                           24 February 2016                   Continuing
                                    Brambles Limited                                                       21 August 2006                     23 October 2018
          Aliza Knox                Scentre Management Limited*                                            7 May 2015                         Continuing
                                    RE1 Limited*                                                           7 May 2015                         Continuing
                                    RE2 Limited*                                                           7 May 2015                         Continuing
          Steven Lowy               Scentre Management Limited*                                            28 June 1989                       Continuing
                                    RE1 Limited*                                                           12 August 2010                     Continuing
                                    RE2 Limited*                                                           12 August 2010                     Continuing
                                    Westﬁeld America Management Limited^                                   20 February 1996                   7 June 2018
                                    Westﬁeld Corporation Limited^                                          28 November 2013                   7 June 2018
                                    OneMarket Limited                                                      12 December 2017                   Continuing
          Margaret Seale            Scentre Management Limited*                                            24 February 2016                   Continuing
                                    RE1 Limited*                                                           24 February 2016                   Continuing
                                    RE2 Limited*                                                           24 February 2016                   Continuing
                                    Ramsay Health Care Limited                                             28 April 2015                      31 October 2018
                                    Telstra Corporation Limited                                            7 May 2012                         Continuing
                                    Bank of Queensland Limited                                             21 January 2014                    28 June 2018
          Notes:
          *   Scentre Group comprises the Company, Scentre Group Trust 1 (SGT1), Scentre Group Trust 2 (SGT2) and Scentre Group Trust 3 (SGT3). The responsible entity
              of SGT1 is Scentre Management Limited. The responsible entity of SGT2 is RE1 Limited and the responsible entity of SGT3 is RE2 Limited. Scentre Management
              Limited is also the responsible entity of Carindale Property Trust, a listed managed investment scheme (ASX:CDP).
          ^   Westﬁeld Corporation comprised Westfield Corporation Limited, Westfield America Trust and WFD Trust (ASX:WFD). The responsible entity of each scheme was
              Westfield America Management Limited.

          4.5 Secretaries
          As at the date of this report, the Company had the following Secretaries:
          Ms Maureen McGrath
          Ms Maureen McGrath was appointed General Counsel, Compliance and Secretariat of Scentre Group in June 2014. Prior to the establishment of
          Scentre Group, Ms McGrath was General Counsel, Corporate and Compliance, Westﬁeld Group. She holds a Bachelor of Laws and a Bachelor
          of Jurisprudence from the University of New South Wales. Ms McGrath is a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia and a Member of the
          Australian Institute of Company Directors.
          Mr Paul Giugni
          Mr Paul Giugni was appointed General Counsel of Scentre Group in June 2014. Prior to the establishment of Scentre Group, Mr Giugni was
          General Counsel, Australia and New Zealand, Westﬁeld Group. He joined Westﬁeld Group in September 1998 and holds a Bachelor of Economics
          and a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) from the University of Sydney. Prior to joining Westﬁeld Group, Mr Giugni was a solicitor at Freehill Hollingdale
          and Page (now Herbert Smith Freehills).




PAGE 10
5. OPTIONS                                                                    –– under the Non-Audit Services Protocol, the auditor is required to
                                                                                 report as to its compliance with the terms of the Protocol and, in
No options were issued by the Company during or since the end
                                                                                 all instances, conﬁrm the position that the independence of Ernst
of the Financial Year and no Director or member of the senior
                                                                                 & Young as statutory auditor has been maintained; and
executive team holds options over issued or unissued Scentre Group
stapled securities.                                                           –– the auditor has provided an Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                                                                                 to the Board declaring that there has been no contravention of the
Details of the performance rights held by the executive Key
                                                                                 auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001
Management Personnel are set out in the Remuneration Report.
                                                                                 or of any applicable code of professional conduct.
6. INDEMNITIES AND INSURANCE PREMIUMS                                         7.3 Auditor’s Independence Declaration to the Directors
                                                                              of Scentre Group Limited
Subject to the following, no indemnity was given or insurance premium
paid during or since the end of the Financial Year for a person who is
or has been an officer or auditor of the Group.
The Company’s Constitution provides that a person who is or has
been a Director or Secretary of the Company may be indemniﬁed by
the Company against liabilities incurred by the person in that capacity
and for all legal costs incurred in defending or resisting (or otherwise
in connection with) proceedings in which the person becomes involved
because of that capacity. The indemnity does not apply to the extent
that the Company is forbidden by statute to indemnify the person or           Auditor’s Independence Declaration to the Directors
the indemnity would, if given, be made void by statute.                       of Scentre Group Limited
The Group has paid premiums for directors’ and ofﬁcers’ liability             As lead auditor for the audit of Scentre Group Limited for the financial
insurance in respect of Directors, Secretaries and Executive Ofﬁcers          year ended 31 December 2018, I declare to the best of my knowledge
of the Group as permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The terms             and belief, there have been:
of the insurance policy prohibit disclosure of details of the nature of the   (a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the
liabilities covered by, and the amounts of the premiums payable under,            Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
that insurance policy.
                                                                              (b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct
In addition, each Director has entered into a Deed of Indemnity and               in relation to the audit.
Access which provides for indemnity against liability as a Director,
except to the extent of indemnity under an insurance policy or where          This declaration is in respect of Scentre Group Limited and the entities
prohibited by statute. The deed also entitles the Director to access          it controlled during the financial year.
Company documents and records, subject to undertakings as
to conﬁdentiality.
To the extent permitted by law, the Company has agreed to indemnify
its auditors, Ernst & Young, as part of the standard terms of its audit
engagement against claims by third parties arising from the audit (for
an unspeciﬁed amount). No payment with respect to such indemnity
has been made to Ernst & Young during or since the Financial Year.
                                                                              Ernst & Young	Megan Wilson
                                                                                             Partner
7. AUDIT
                                                                              Sydney, 20 February 2019
7.1 Audit and Risk Committee
As at the date of this report, the Company had an Audit and Risk                                              Liability limited by a scheme approved under
Committee of the Board of Directors.                                                                                      Professional Standards Legislation.

7.2 Non-Audit Services and Audit Independence
During the year Ernst and Young, the Group’s auditor, has provided
certain non-audit services to the Group.
Details of the amount paid to the auditor, which includes amounts
paid for non-audit services, are set out in Note 36 to the Financial
Statements. The Board is satisﬁed that the provision of non-audit
services by the auditor during the Financial Year is compatible with
the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the
Corporations Act 2001. Furthermore, the provision of non-audit
services by the auditor during the Financial Year did not compromise
the independence requirements under the Corporations Act
2001 because:
–– the Group’s Non-Audit Services Protocol sets out the categories
   of non-audit services that the auditor may or may not undertake.
   Those categories of permitted services remain subject to the
   overriding principle that a non-audit service may not be provided
   in circumstances where it would be detrimental to the actual or
   perceived independence of the statutory auditor;
–– the Non-Audit Services Protocol provides a mechanism by which
   approval for non-audit services proposed to be performed by
   the auditor is required to be given prior to the provision of such
   non-audit services, providing an appropriate review point for
   independence issues prior to engagement;




                                                                                                          SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 11
          Directors’ Report (continued)

          8. REMUNERATION REPORT                                                    In determining remuneration outcomes, the Board assesses a number
                                                                                    of factors. For our executive KMP, short term at risk remuneration
          Dear Securityholders
                                                                                    (STAR) was paid at a range of 73.9% to 80.8% of maximum after
          On behalf of the Scentre Group Board, I am pleased to introduce           the Board’s consideration of the achievement of financial measures
          the 2018 remuneration report.                                             including FFO and project profits and a number of qualitative
                                                                                    outcomes including risk management, retailer partnerships and
          The report aims to provide you with an understanding of our
                                                                                    customer experience.
          remuneration strategy and 2018 outcomes for our key management
          personnel (KMP). At our 2019 Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be           The Board considers that these outcomes are fair and reflect the
          held on 4 April 2019, we will seek your support for this report.          performance of our executive KMP.
          The year in review                                                        Additionally, the 2016 LTAR incentive was tested in December 2018.
          While there were no changes to our remuneration framework during          Both the ROCE hurdle and the development return hurdle vested at
          the year, we continued to review our remuneration strategy and            a 110% of target as a result of the strong performance against FFO
          performance hurdles. We have, effective 2019, reduced the potential       over a 3 year period in combination with no increase in issued equity
          maximum opportunity on vesting for the ROCE measure of our long           and the success of our redevelopment of Westfield Chermside in
          term at risk remuneration (LTAR) from 150% to 125%, to equate to          Queensland. Further details of the LTAR hurdles and vesting are set
          the maximum vesting potential under the development return hurdle.        out in section 8.4 of this report.
          This change also responds to feedback from securityholders and            The year ahead
          proxy advisers.
                                                                                    The Group is now in its fifth full year of operation, led by our CEO,
          Our remuneration strategy and framework are described in section 8.3      Peter Allen, with over 20 years of service with Scentre Group and
          of this report, and the Board believes that these continue to achieve     previously Westfield Group.
          our desired objectives.
                                                                                    While another year of strong results for the Group has been delivered,
          The Committee actively monitors the performance of our executive          there has been no increase to the fixed remuneration, STAR or LTAR
          KMP and senior leadership team throughout the year. Our people            (at grant) opportunity for our executive KMP.
          and culture are key to delivering the Group’s strategy, and we believe
                                                                                    Peter and our CFO, Mark Bloom, have not had an increase in fixed
          that having a diverse and engaged workforce contributes to strong
                                                                                    remuneration since the Group was established in 2014 and our COO,
          performance.
                                                                                    Greg Miles, has not had an increase in fixed remuneration since his
          Our executive KMP and senior leadership team are responsible              appointment in 2015.
          for actively promoting the Group’s culture, are expected to live the
                                                                                    No changes are proposed to non-executive Director base fees for
          Group’s values, our DNA, and continued to advance the Group’s
                                                                                    2019. However, the fees for Committee members of the Human
          strategic agenda during 2018.
                                                                                    Resources Committee (excluding the chair) will increase by increments
          Our real estate portfolio is well positioned and resilient with assets    of $5,000 in each of the next 2 years to equate to Committee fees
          under management valued at $54.2 billion. We have continued to            for members of the Audit and Risk Committee, and reflective of the
          evolve our premium portfolio of retail centres into ‘living’ centres,     increasing workload and time commitment required of the Committee.
          reflecting the Group’s capabilities to curate a unique mix of products
                                                                                    We are also pleased that our Chief Strategy Officer, Cynthia Whelan,
          and services that meet the changing needs and expectations of
                                                                                    has, effective February 2019, been appointed as our first female
          our customers and set new industry benchmarks in our markets
                                                                                    executive KMP.
          of operation. Our ownership interests of $39.1 billion comprise
          41 Westfield-branded living centres, each of which is integral to the     As a Board we continue to set targets which reflect our focus on
          communities it serves and with a strong franchise value and ability to    delivering returns to investors and long term sustainable business
          attract the world’s leading brands. We have achieved this significant     performance. We also recognise that underpinning the success of the
          scale through our integrated platform, with a portfolio of strong         Group is our people and that our investment in them, and continuing
          businesses including: design and construction, development, retail        to foster a positive culture, leads to better business outcomes.
          operations and management, parking, and media and advertising.
          We are able to offer a wide range of career opportunities and have
          continued to attract and retain a talented and diverse workforce.
          Key highlights for the year include:
          –– Funds from operation (FFO) of $1,339.5 million (25.24 cents per
             security, 3.9% growth)
          –– Opening $1.1 billion (SCG share: $810 million) of redevelopments
                                                                                    Andrew Harmos
             at Westfield Plenty Valley, Carousel, Coomera, Kotara and Tea Tree
                                                                                    Chairman, Human Resources Committee
             Plaza, adding more than 106,000 sqm
          –– Commencing the NZ$790 million (SCG share: NZ$400 million)
             redevelopment of Westfield Newmarket, which will create the            Contents                                                           Page
             leading lifestyle and premium fashion destination in New Zealand
                                                                                    8.1   Key Management Personnel                                          14
          –– Actively curating our retail, services and experiences to meet
                                                                                    8.2 Key Questions                                                       15
             customer expectations
                                                                                    8.3 Remuneration philosophy and link to business strategy               16
          –– Achieving an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality citation
                                                                                    8.4 	Remuneration outcomes and the link between
             from the Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA)
                                                                                          performance and reward                                            18
          –– 100% retention of key executive talent identified for critical roles   8.5 	Executive KMP 2018 actual remuneration
          –– Increasing female representation at the senior executive level               (non‑statutory)                                                   22
             (General Manager and above) from 22% to 26.5% at the upper             8.6 Executive KMP statutory remuneration                                23
             range of our 2018 target of 25% – 27%                                  8.7 Remuneration governance framework                                   25
                                                                                    8.8 Executive KMP service agreements                                    28
                                                                                    8.9 Non-executive Director fees                                         29




PAGE 12
SUMMARY: HOW PERFORMANCE IS LINKED TO REMUNERATION OUTCOMES


EXECUTIVE KMP: REMUNERATION MIX                      ▼                                                                                                    % delivered as
The remuneration mix for our executive                    Executive                                          At risk remuneration                     performance rights
KMP is weighted towards at risk                           CEO                                                                    75%                                  49%
remuneration (expressed as a % of available
maximum at grant)
                                              Chief Executive Officer              25%               26%             11%                  38%


                                                                                                                           At Risk



                                               Chief Financial Officer             28.5%                   30%                13%            28.5%
SHORT TERM AT RISK REMUNERATION                      ▼    FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
(STAR) OUTCOMES                                                                                                             At Risk
                                                          FFO % increase per security
The KPIs for our executive KMP are
aligned to the delivery of our purpose and Chief Operating Officer
                                                       1,400                       27%                  29%                12%              32%
                                                                                                                                           13.0
strategic priorities
                                                          1,350
The FY18 STAR outcome (which assesses                                                                                      At Risk         12.5
2018 performance) for our executive KMP                   1,300
                                                                                   ■ Fixed     ■ STAR – Cash component         ■ STAR – Deferred equity     ■ LTAR
(% of maximum) was CEO: 80.8%, CFO:                                                                                                        12.0
                                                                                                                           At Risk
79.1% and COO: 73.9%                                      1,250                                                                                                                      12.7
                                                                                                                 1,339.5                   11.5                              12.3
                                                                                                                                                                                      3.6%
                                                          1,200                                    1,290.2         3.9%
                                                                                                                                                                     11.8     4.1%
                                                                                     1,237.6        4.25%
                                                                                       3.2%                                                11.0                       3.5%
                                                          1,150          1,199.2                                                                          11.4


                                                          1,100                                                                            10.5
                                                                          2015        2016          2017          2018                                    2015       2016    2017    2018

                                                          FFO of 25.24 cents per security (3.9% growth)
                                                          Comparable NOI growth of 2.5%
                                                          Biggest development year to date by number, floorspace and geography
                                                          –– $1.1 billion of completed developments (SCG share: $810 million)
                                                          –– Added more than 106,000 sqm in GLA
                                                          –– Developments across 5 states: Perth (Carousel), Adelaide (Tea Tree Plaza),
                                                             Melbourne (Plenty Valley), Newcastle (Kotara) and the Gold Coast (Coomera,
                                                             our first greenfield development)
                                                          Distribution growth of 2.0% from 2017
                                                          Project profits of $85.3 million

                                                          CUSTOMER AND RETAIL PARTNERSHIPS
                                                          Net Promoter Score of 28% up 4%
                                                          Reputation Score increased by 2.8%

                                                          PEOPLE, CULTURE AND INNOVATION
                                                          Increased female representation at the senior executive level (General Manager and
                                                          above) up from 22% to 26.5%
                                                          Launched an innovation sprint with one incubation (WhatsMine) out of test phase


LONG TERM AT RISK REMUNERATION                       ▼    ROCE of 12.79% was achieved under the 2016 LTAR
(LTAR) OUTCOMES
                                                          Development return hurdle: The $355 million redevelopment of Westfield Chermside
Granted in 2016 and measured at the end                   was successfully completed in 2017 setting a new benchmark for creating extraordinary
of 2018                                                   retail and lifestyle destinations
ROCE (75% weighting): Maximum vesting                     –– Minimum development return of 7.0%, with target return in excess of minimum
opportunity 150%. Vested at 110%
                                                          –– 105% of target return achieved
Development return hurdle (25% weighting):
                                                          –– Value creation of $0.8 billion
referable to Westfield Chermside. Maximum
vesting opportunity 125%. Vested at 110%                  –– Sales of $1 billion per annum


OTHER REMUNERATION OUTCOMES                          ▼    There are no increases in the fixed remuneration, STAR or LTAR (at grant) opportunities
                                                          for our executive KMP
                                                          On review of the ROCE and development return hurdles, the potential maximum
                                                          opportunity on vesting for the ROCE measure has been reduced from 150% to 125%




                                                                                                                                     SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 13
          Directors’ Report (continued)

          8.1 Key Management Personnel
          This report explains our approach to the remuneration of our Key Management Personnel (KMP). KMP are those individuals having the authority
          and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of Scentre Group, either directly or indirectly. They include non-executive
          Directors, the CEO and those senior executives considered executive KMP. For the year ended 31 December 2018, KMP were:
          Name                                                                     Position

          Executive Director
          Peter Allen                                                              Chief Executive Officer
          Senior Executives
          Mark Bloom                                                               Chief Financial Officer
          Greg Miles                                                               Chief Operating Officer
          Non-Executive Directors
          Brian Schwartz                                                           Chairman
          Andrew Harmos                                                            Director
          Michael Ihlein                                                           Director
          Carolyn Kay                                                              Director
          Aliza Knox                                                               Director
          Steven Lowy                                                              Director
          Margaret Seale                                                           Director




PAGE 14
8.2 Key Questions
Questions                                                                                                                          Further information

Remuneration in 2018
 1.	How is the Group’s 2018               2018 financial highlights and people and customer highlights appear in a number – The Committee
     performance reflected in this         of sections.                                                                       Chairman’s letter
     year’s remuneration outcomes?                                                                                         – Summary on
                                                                                                                              page 13
                                                                                                                           – Section 8.4
 2.	What changes were made to the         No changes were made.
     remuneration framework in 2018?
 3.	Are any changes planned               We have reduced the potential maximum opportunity on vesting for the ROCE               Section 8.7
     for 2019?                             measure under the LTAR from 150% to 125%.
 Remuneration framework
 4.	What is the remuneration              Remuneration comprises fixed and at risk remuneration.                                  Section 8.3
     framework?
 5.	Who do we benchmark against?          From 2017, in addition to the A-REIT sector and ASX 30, we have included the            Section 8.3
                                           ASX 30, excluding the “Big 4” banks, Rio Tinto and BHP, as a reference point to
                                           compare remuneration levels for our executives.
 6.	What proportion of the                The 2018 at risk (i.e. the short term at risk (STAR) and long term at risk (LTAR))      Section 8.3
     remuneration is at risk?              proportion of maximum remuneration measured at grant date was: CEO – 75%,
                                           CFO – 71.5% and COO – 73%.
 7.	Are there any clawback or             Yes. The plans contain provisions for the lapsing of all unvested awards in a           Section 8.7
     cancellation provisions for at        number of circumstances.
     risk remuneration?
 8.	Does the Group have a minimum         Yes. Executive KMP and non-executive Directors are required to maintain a               Section 8.7
     securityholding requirement?          minimum holding of securities.
 At risk remuneration
 9.	Are any STAR payments deferred? Yes. 30% of the actual STAR awarded is delivered as performance rights, which                 Section 8.3 and
                                     vest after 3 years.                                                                           section 8.7
 10.	Are STAR payments capped?            Yes. The potential maximum STAR for executive KMP is capped at 150% of their            Section 8.3
                                           fixed remuneration.
 11.	What are the performance             The LTAR hurdles are:                                                                Section 8.4 and
      measures for the LTAR?               –– A Return on Contributed Equity (ROCE) hurdle with a 75% weighting                 section 8.7
                                              (ROCE will be assessed by reference to ROCE in year 3).
                                           –– A development return hurdle with a 25% weighting (measured at the end of year 3).
 12.	Does the LTAR have re-testing?       No. If full qualification for awards is not achieved, there is no provision for re-     Section 8.7
                                           testing the hurdles.
 13.	Is the size of LTAR grants           The number of rights which vest is based on a graduated scale dependent on              Section 8.4 and
      increased in light of performance    performance against metrics set at the time of grant. Actual performance can            section 8.7
      conditions?                          result in a decrease to zero or an increase in the number of securities that can
                                           be delivered on vesting, subject to a cap.
 14.	Can participants hedge their         No. Participants are prohibited from hedging awards.                                    Section 8.7
      unvested awards?
 15.	Does Scentre Group buy               Where rights are settled with securities, the Group acquires the securities             Section 8.7
      securities or issue new securities   on‑market and transfers the securities to executives.
      to satisfy vesting?
 16.	Is the CEO grant of performance      Yes. The grant of 2018 performance rights to the CEO was approved at the                Section 8.7
      rights subject to securityholder     2018 AGM and approval for the grant of 2019 performance rights to the CEO will
      approval?                            be sought at the AGM on 4 April 2019.
 17.	Are distributions paid during the    No. However, the number of rights allocated is determined using the face value          Section 8.7
      vesting period?                      of Scentre Group securities, adjusted for the estimated value (based on the
                                           Group’s published 1 year forecast) of distributions that may be paid on stapled
                                           securities during the vesting period. No adjustments are made in relation to
                                           actual distributions paid.




                                                                                                            SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 15
          Directors’ Report (continued)

              8.3 Remuneration philosophy and link to business strategy

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Objectives


                                                                                                                                              Attract and retain the best talent               Fairly reward our people                                  Align the interests of our people
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         with securityholders


                                                                                                                                              Remuneration element                             Performance conditions                                    Alignment with strategy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         and performance

                                                                                                                                              Fixed remuneration                           ▼   Considerations include: the scope and complexity      ▼   Fixed remuneration is set at market
                                                                                                                                              Base salary (inclusive of superannuation).       of the role, the individual’s experience, knowledge       competitive levels to attract and retain
                                                                                                                                              Fixed remuneration is targeted at the 75th       and skills, individual performance and market             key talent.
                                                                                                                                              percentile of our comparator group.              benchmarking.



                                                                                                                                              At risk remuneration                         ▼   Financial measures                                    ▼   The STAR provides differentiation of pay
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         for performance based on business and




                                 The value of rights granted under the STAR and LTAR increases or decreases depending on the security price
                                                                                                                                              Short term at risk remuneration (STAR)           CEO: 65%, CFO: 70% and COO: 65%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         individual performance outcomes.
                                                                                                                                              Rewards current year performance.                Financial measures incorporate the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Performance conditions are designed
                                                                                                                                                                                               following metrics:
                                                                                                                                              70% of the actual STAR is paid in cash at                                                                  to support the financial and strategic
                                                                                                                                              the end of the year.                             –– FFO                                                    direction of the Group, with clearly defined
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         KPIs that are measurable ensuring
                                                                                                                                              30% of the actual STAR is delivered              –– Project profits                                        appropriate differentiation of reward
                                                                                                                                              as performance rights which vest after                                                                     for performance.
                                                                                                                                                                                               –– Development starts
                                                                                                                                              3 years, creating a longer term and
                                                                                                                                              retention focus.                                 –– Leasing metrics                                        Non-financial measures include
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         discretionary elements (ranging from 20%
                                                                                                                                              Our STAR is structured as annual at risk         –– Capital management                                     – 25%) for evaluation by the Board. The
                                                                                                                                              remuneration. That is underperformance                                                                     Board has discretion to apply judgement
                                                                                                                                              and failure to achieve KPIs results in a         Non-financial measures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         when approving the final performance
                                                                                                                                              reduction of rewards under the STAR.             CEO: 35%, CFO: 30% and COO: 35%                           outcomes. Failure to achieve KPIs results
                                                                                                                                                                                               A balance of measures that underpin the growth            in a reduction of rewards under the STAR.
                                                                                                                                                                                               and sustainability of our business including
                                                                                                                                                                                               customer experience, retailer partnerships,
                                                                                                                                                                                               community engagement, risk management,
                                                                                                                                                                                               safety, diversity and inclusion and organisational




          At risk remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                               capabilities including innovation.
                                                                                                                                                                                               For FY18, KPIs included specific metrics focused
                                                                                                                                                                                               on the customer.
                                                                                                                                                                                               Further details of the STAR performance measures
                                                                                                                                                                                               are at section 8.4.


                                                                                                                                              At risk remuneration                         ▼   Development return hurdle (25% weighting)             ▼   The LTAR ensures a strong link to the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         long-term performance of the Group, the
                                                                                                                                              Long term at risk remuneration (LTAR)            ROCE hurdle (75% weighting)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         creation of securityholder value and acts
                                                                                                                                              Rewards long term                                Further details of the LTAR performance conditions        as a retention tool.
                                                                                                                                              sustainable performance.                         are at sections 8.4 and 8.7.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ROCE is an important long-term measure
                                                                                                                                              Delivered as performance rights which                                                                      of how the senior management team
                                                                                                                                              vest in two tranches at the end of year 3                                                                  generates returns on securityholder
                                                                                                                                              and year 4 if the performance hurdles are                                                                  equity through a combination of improving
                                                                                                                                              achieved.                                                                                                  earnings and capital management.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         The development program is a significant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         driver of growth for the Group through
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         adding to the scale and enhancing the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         quality of our portfolio. The development
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         return hurdle is linked to long term
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         securityholder value as it is assessed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         against actual incremental income yields
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         generated through the completion of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         major developments (over $50 million).




PAGE 16
When is remuneration earned and received?

         Fixed                100% of fixed pay
         Remuneration         awarded in cash

                       STAR   Performance period               30% of total STAR award deferred in the form
                              (1 year). 70% awarded            of performance rights (subject to 3-year service
                              in cash                          requirement)

                       LTAR   25% of award based on a development return hurdle (performance measured at the




At risk Remuneration
                              end of year 3)


                              75% of award based on ROCE hurdle (performance measured at the end of year 3)


                              50% of LTAR award (subject to performance/service requirements) vests at the end
                              of year 3


                              50% of LTAR award (subject to performance/service requirements) vests at the end of year 4

                                                      Year 1                           Year 2                           Year 3                           Year 4
Executive KMP remuneration
The remuneration mix for our executive KMP is weighted towards at risk remuneration. The potential maximum STAR (as a percentage of fixed
remuneration) for each of our executive KMP is 150%. The LTAR (at grant, as a percentage of fixed remuneration) for our executive KMP is
CEO: 155%, CFO: 100% and COO: 120%.
The tables below show each of the components as a percentage of maximum remuneration at grant for our executive KMP for 2018. The actual
amount delivered under the STAR and LTAR depends on the level of achievement of the performance measures.


Chief Executive Officer                   25%                  26%          11%                 38%


                                                                                At Risk



   Chief Financial Officer                28.5%                   30%              13%            28.5%


                                                                                  At Risk



Chief Operating Officer                   27%                    29%             12%             32%


                                                                                At Risk

                                           ■ Fixed    ■ STAR – Cash component       ■ STAR – Deferred equity      ■ LTAR

                                                                                At Risk



In addition to the traditional A-REIT sector and ASX 30, in our benchmarking we have considered the ASX30, excluding the “Big 4” banks, RIO
Tinto and BHP, as a reference point by which to compare remuneration levels for our executives. We believe that this continues to reflect the
changing nature of our business, our size and strategic agenda including our desire to attract and be competitive in the market for talent from
the broader ASX30. This is evidenced by recent appointments from outside the A-REIT sector including our Chief Strategy Officer, Director,
Technology and Director, Communications who came from the telecommunications, media networks and banking sectors.




                                                                                                                   SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 17
          Directors’ Report (continued)

          8.4 Remuneration outcomes and the link between performance and reward
          Scentre Group is the 15th largest listed entity on the ASX by market capitalisation with assets under management of $54.2 billion (SCG share:
          $39.1 billion). Our ownership interests comprise 41 Westfield-branded living centres (including 16 of the top 25 centres in Australia and 4 of the
          top 5 centres in New Zealand) each of which is integral to the communities it serves and with a strong franchise value and ability to attract the
          world’s leading brands.
          We have achieved this scale through our integrated platform, with a strong portfolio of businesses. Our construction business is one of the largest
          commercial construction businesses in Australia and our design business in one of the largest multi-disciplined firms. We are also one of the
          largest car park operators in Australia.
          (a) FY18 highlights include

                            Customer Experience and Retail Product
                            –– Active curation of retail, services and experiences to meet customer expectations
                            –– Introduced 437 new brands to the portfolio, and 317 existing brands grew their store network
                            –– More than 35% of the stores across our portfolio are experience-based offerings
                            –– Across the five developments we opened during the year, more than half of the new stores offer experiences which
                               can only be consumed onsite, including dining, entertainment, health, fitness and beauty services
                            –– Improved ease of customer parking through continued rollout of ticketless parking
                            –– Launched ‘Westfield Local Heroes’, a new community recognition and grants program


                            Our People
                            –– Increased female representation at the senior executive level (General Manager and above) to 26.5% at the upper end
                               of our 2018 target of 25% – 27%
                            –– 100% retention of key executive talent identified for critical roles
                            –– Employer of Choice for Gender Equality citation from WGEA


                            Asset Management and Development
                            –– Opened $1.1 billion (SCG share: $810 million) of redevelopments at Westfield Plenty Valley, Westfield Carousel, Westfield
                               Coomera, Westfield Kotara and Westfield Tea Tree Plaza during 2018, adding more than 106,000 sqm
                            –– Commenced the NZ$790 million (SCG share: NZ$400 million) redevelopment of Westfield Newmarket, which will create
                               the leading lifestyle and premium fashion destination in New Zealand
                            –– Acquired a 50% share in Westfield Eastgardens for $720 million
                            –– Successfully bid for Sydney’s Barangaroo Central retail component
                            –– Revaluation gains for the portfolio of $1.1 billion


                            Capital Management
                            –– New and extended bank loan facilities of $3.8 billion
                            –– Issued €500 million ($800 million) of long term bonds
                            –– At 31 December 2018, gearing was 33.9% and the average debt maturity was 4.4 years
                            –– Maintained a high level of interest rate hedging of 69% at 31 December 2018



          (b) Financial measures
          The following table represents business performance outcomes and security price since the establishment of the Group in 2014.
          Five year performance                                                               FY18              FY17              FY16               FY15              FY14*

          Funds from Operations (FFO)                                       A$m           1,339.5            1,290.2           1,237.6           1,199.2             577.9
          FFO per security                                                 cents             25.24             24.29             23.30             22.58             10.88
          Distribution per security                                        cents             22.16             21.73             21.30             20.90             10.20
          Security price (at 31 December)                                    A$               3.90              4.19              4.64              4.19              3.50
          Distribution payout ratio**                                         %               87.8              89.5              91.4              92.6              93.8
          Return on contributed equity (ROCE)                                 %              12.72             12.28             11.80             11.40             11.00
          Comparable net operating income (NOI) growth                        %                2.5              2.75               2.9               2.6               2.4
          Incremental GLA                                                   sqm           106,550             38,000            50,700            42,386           44,149
          Group’s share of incremental GLA                                  sqm            70,150             35,500            36,450            25,949           44,149
          Assets under management (AUM)                                     A$b               54.2              51.0              45.7              42.1              40.9
          Group’s share of AUM                                              A$b               39.1              36.2              32.3              30.1              29.3
          Profit                                                            A$m            2,287.2           4,217.9           2,990.5           2,707.8           1,281.2
          Gearing                                                             %               33.9              32.1              33.3              33.3              34.9
          *   6 months to 31 December 2014. The Group was established on 30 June 2014.
          ** As announced in August 2017, the Group extended its practice to grow distributions at a lower rate than earnings growth until reaching a distribution payment
             ratio of 85% of FFO.




PAGE 18
Key financial metrics which are aligned to the STAR and LTAR outcomes for the executive KMP are FFO and ROCE. FFO is a key financial
measure to drive returns to securityholders and ROCE is an important long term measure of how the senior executive team generates returns
on securityholder equity through a combination of improving earnings and capital management.
The charts below show growth in FFO and ROCE since 2015, being the first full year of operation of the Group.
Funds From Operations (FFO) % increase per security                                  Return on Contributed Equity (ROCE) %
1,400                                                                               13.0

1,350
                                                                                    12.5

1,300
                                                                                    12.0
1,250                                                                                                                                      12.7
                                                         1,339.5                    11.5                                    12.3
                                                                                                                                            3.6%
1,200                                      1,290.2         3.9%
                                                                                                                11.8         4.1%
                            1,237.6         4.25%
                              3.2%                                                  11.0                         3.5%
1,150        1,199.2                                                                               11.4


1,100                                                                               10.5
               2015            2016         2017           2018                                    2015         2016        2017           2018

(c) Total returns
The Group is included in the S&P/ASX A-REIT Index and the S&P/ASX 200 Index.
The Chart below shows the Group’s relative performance (on a daily basis) against those indices (1 July 2014 to 31 December 2018).
190

180              Scentre Group
170              S&P/ASX 200 A-REIT Index
                 S&P/ASX 200 Index
160

150

140

130

120

110

100

 90
       Jul-14
      Aug-14
      Sep-14
      Oct-14
      Nov-14
      Dec-14
      Jan-15
      Feb-15
      Mar-15
      Apr-15
      May-15
      Jun-15
       Jul-15
      Aug-15
      Sep-15
      Oct-15
      Nov-15
      Dec-15
      Jan-16
      Feb-16
      Mar-16
      Apr-16
      May-16
      Jun-16
       Jul-16
      Aug-16
      Sep-16
      Oct-16
      Nov-16
      Dec-16
      Jan-17
      Feb-17
      Mar-17
      Apr-17
      May-17
      Jun-17
       Jul-17
      Aug-17
      Sep-17
      Oct-17
      Nov-17
      Dec-17
      Jan-18
      Feb-18
      Mar-18
      Apr-18
      May-18
      Jun-18
       Jul-18
      Aug-18
      Sep-18
      Oct-18
      Nov-18
      Dec-18


(d) CEO remuneration comparatives
The charts below shows our CEO’s remuneration as compared to FFO (cents per security) and ROCE (%) from 2015 being the first year of full
operation for the Group to 2018. The compound annual growth rate in FFO in this period was 3.8% and for ROCE was 3.7%.
CEO Remuneration $m*                           FFO (Cents per Security)                    CEO Remuneration $m*                                       ROCE (%)
20                                                                        26               20                                                                13.0
18             ■ Total Compensation                                                        18              ■ Total Compensation
               ■ Base Salary                                              25                               ■ Base Salary                                     12.5
16                                                                                         16
               ■ FFO                                                                                       ■ ROCE
14                                                                                         14
                                                                          24                                                                                 12.0
12                                                                                         12
10                                                                        23               10                                                                11.5
 8                                                                                          8
                                                                          22                                                                                 11.0
 6                                                                                          6
 4                                                                                          4
                                                                          21                                                                                 10.5
 2                                                                                          2
 0                                                                        20                0                                                                10.0
     2015               2016                2017                   2018                         2015             2016               2017              2018
* In 2015, retention awards issued by the prior Westfield Group, with a value of $11,363,652 on vesting.




                                                                                                                   SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 19
          Directors’ Report (continued)

          (e) CEO: 2018 performance objectives
          Details of our CEO’s performance measures, weightings, assessment and resulting STAR outcomes are set out in the following tables.
          The weighting between financial and non-financial measures was 65% financial and 35% non-financial.

               Category                            KPI                                 Weighting   Assessment           Commentary

                                                   Funds from operations (FFO)         65%         Full achievement     Achieved FFO of $1,339.5 million, in line with the
                                                                                                   against target       performance target and market guidance
                                                   A key measure of the financial
                  FINANCIAL
                                                   performance of the Group                                             Project profits of $85.3 million, in line with the
                                                   is FFO                                                               performance target and budget
                TARGETS AND

                   RESULTS



                                                   Customer experience and             10%         Above target         Customer advocacy measured by net promoter score and
                                                   retail partnership                              achievement          reputation score both improved in 2018

                  CUSTOMER
                                                   Embedding a customer                                                 –– Net promoter score (derived from all customer
                                                   centric culture where our                                               feedback) of 28% up 4% 1
                                                   customer needs are central to
                 AND RETAIL
                                                                                                                        –– Reputation score increased by 2.8% (above target of 2.0%)
                                                   our strategic and operational
                                                   decisions                                                            –– Over 97,000 reviews
                PARTNERSHIPS                                                                                           Retailer partnerships: the process from leasing premises
                                                                                                                       to retailer opening has been enhanced, reducing the
                                                                                                                       timeframe and improving the retailer experience
                                                   Enhance organisational              10%         Partial achievement Established business development and innovation team,
                                                   capability and culture of agility               against target      and launched an innovation sprint with BCGDV with one
                                                   and innovation, implement                                           incubation – WhatsMine – out of test phase
                                                   strategic initiatives
                                                                                                                        Implementation of a new Salesforce system to increase
                                                   Improve organisational                                               the speed and ease of interacting with retailers
                                                   effectiveness and business                                           was delayed
                                                   readiness including digital
                                                                                                                        Launch of ‘Westfield Local Heroes’, a program which




                    PEOPLE, CULTURE & INNOVATION
                                                   and data capabilities and
                                                                                                                        celebrates community members who work across the
                                                   responding to disruption
                                                                                                                        three areas of family, youth opportunity and inclusion.
                                                   Continued investment in                                              In its first year, the program attracted more than 1000
                                                   community engagement                                                 nominations and 70,000 public votes from across Australia
                                                                                                                        and New Zealand
                                                   Support the integration of          5%          Full achievement     Recently appointed senior executives performing strongly
                                                   strategic appointments within                   against target
                                                   the Group
                                                   Risk management                     5%          Full achievement     Voluntary employee turnover at 13.8%, below target
                                                                                                   against target       of 15%
                                                                                                                        100% retention of key executive talent identified for
                                                                                                                        critical roles
                                                                                                                        No employee or contractor fatalities within the Group’s
                                                                                                                        workplaces
                                                   Increased female representation     5%          Full achievement     Increased female representation at the senior executive
                                                   at senior levels                                against target       level (General Manager and above) from 22% to 26.5%,
                                                                                                                        at the upper end of our 2018 target of 25% – 27%
                                                                                                                        Employer of Choice for Gender Equality citation from the
                                                                                                                        Workplace Gender Equality Agency

          1.
                The Net Promoter Score (NPS) is calculated as the difference between the percentage of Promoters and Detractors. The NPS varies between -100% and +100%.




PAGE 20
(f) CFO and COO performance objectives 1
The weighting between financial and non-financial measures for the CFO was 70% financial and 30% non-financial and for the COO 65% financial
and 35% non-financial.
The CFO achieved target for financial measures in relation to FFO and treasury and financial management. Performance against measures for
investor stakeholder engagement was assessed at partial achievement against target. Performance against measures relating to people and
organisational capability and innovation were also assessed at partial achievement against target.
The COO achieved target for financial measures in relation to FFO, commencement of new developments and continuation of the development
pipeline. Performance against meeting time, leasing and financial metrics for completed developments was assessed at partial achievement
against target. Performance against metrics relating to customer experience was assessed at above target. Performance against people and
organisational capability was assessed at partial achievement against target.
(g) 2018 STAR outcomes
The actual 2018 STAR outcome for the CEO is as follows.
                                                                                                                                                    STAR not
                                              STAR        Actual STAR                                                           Actual STAR         achieved
                                           maximum            granted                                                             (as a % of       (as a % of
Executive                      Year              $                  $          $ Cash component            Deferred equity $      maximum)         maximum)

Peter Allen                  2018        3,000,000         2,422,500         1,695,750 (70%)              726,750 (30%)                80.8             19.2
                             2017        3,000,000         2,486,250         1,740,375 (70%)              745,875 (30%)                82.9             17.1

The actual 2018 STAR outcomes for the CFO and COO are as follows.
                                                                                                                                                    STAR not
                                              STAR        Actual STAR                                                           Actual STAR         achieved
                                           maximum            granted                                                             (as a % of       (as a % of
Executive                                        $                  $          $ Cash component            Deferred equity $      maximum)         maximum)

Mark Bloom                   2018        1,650,000         1,305,000           913,500 (70%)              391,500 (30%)                79.1             20.9
                             2017        1,650,000         1,341,250           938,875 (70%)              402,375 (30%)                81.3             18.7
Greg Miles                   2018        2,250,000         1,662,500         1,163,750 (70%)              498,750 (30%)                73.9             26.1
                             2017        2,250,000         1,706,250         1,194,375 (70%)              511,875 (30%)                75.8             24.2

(h) 2016 LTAR outcomes
Performance rights were granted to executives in 2016 under the Group’s 2016 LTAR plan. The first tranche vested in December 2018.
The second tranche will vest in December 2019. The 2016 LTAR had two hurdles: ROCE and a development return hurdle both measured at the
end of year 3 (2018). The mechanics of the LTAR plan are described in section 8.7.
ROCE hurdle (75% weighting)
The ROCE hurdle enables the Board to reward management performance having regard to the level of returns generated on securityholder equity
through a combination of improving earnings and capital management. The Group’s ROCE is calculated by applying FFO for the relevant financial
year as a percentage of the Group’s weighted average contributed equity during the year.
FFO growth over the 3 year period in combination with no increase in issued equity resulted in the ROCE hurdle vesting at 110%. The Group
commenced a buy-back during the year. However, given the size of the buy-back (0.14%), there was no meaningful impact (positive or negative)
on the ROCE calculation.
ROCE achieved for the 2016 LTAR was 12.79%. Adjusted for the additional retained earnings resulting from the change in our distribution
payment ratio, ROCE for 2018 was 12.72% which remained within (and had no impact on) the graduated scale of vesting at 110%.
The ROCE hurdle was adjusted to take into account the changed distribution payment ratio from 2018 onwards.
Since 2015, being the first full year of operation for the Group, ROCE has increased from 11.4% to 12.72%.
Development return hurdle (25% weighting)
The development return hurdle is designed to measure the actual incremental yield that has been generated through the completion of major
developments (over $50 million) compared to Board approved feasibilities. The major development commenced in 2016 was Westfield Chermside
in Queensland.
The $355 million redevelopment of Westfield Chermside was successfully completed in 2017. The development set a new benchmark for creating
extraordinary retail and lifestyle destinations with value creation of $0.8 billion from the redevelopment. Westfield Chermside is now the 5th most
productive centre in Australia by moving annual turnover. It is the largest centre in Queensland and continues to grow visitations in excess of
18 million per annum. Chermside is the only Brisbane shopping centre with international mini-majors H&M, Zara, Uniqlo and Sephora under the
one roof.
Westfield Chermside received global industry recognition for its design, having been shortlisted in the “Shopping – Completed Buildings”
category of the 2018 World Architecture Festival.




1.
     As announced on 29 January 2019, Mark Bloom will retire from his role as CFO at the Group’s AGM on 4 April 2019.



                                                                                                                 SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 21
          Directors’ Report (continued)

          The outcome of the 2016 LTAR (measured at the end of 2018) is as follows.

          ROCE                                                                          Target (100% vesting)                 What was achieved      % Vested      % Weighting

                                                                                          12.50 – 12.59 %                              12.79%             110               75
          Development return hurdle (yield)                                                               Target              What was achieved      % Vested      % Weighting

                                                                                    Minimum development
                                                                                   return of 7% with target
                                                                                     in excess of minimum                 105% of target return           110               25

          The ROCE hurdle had a cap of 150% vesting (at 13.2% or above). Achievement below 12.50% would have resulted in a reduction of the
          percentage of vesting. If ROCE was 12.19% or below, the level of vesting would have been zero.
          The development return hurdle had a cap of 125% vesting. Vesting increased by 5% for every incremental 0.2% above target yield, with a cap of
          125% vesting. Achievement below forecast yield would have resulted in a reduction of the percentage of vesting with vesting being reduced by
          10% for each incremental 0.2% lower than target yield until 85% of the target yield. If the development return was below 85% of target yield, the
          level of vesting would have been zero.
          (i) 2018 LTAR hurdles
          For 2018, the performance hurdles remained as ROCE (75% weighting) and a development return hurdle (25% weighting). The mechanics of the
          LTAR are described in section 8.7.
          For 2018 (measured in 2020), there is one major development for the purposes of the development return hurdle, being Westfield Newmarket
          in Auckland.
          8.5 Executive KMP 2018 actual remuneration (non-statutory)
          The table below sets out the remuneration paid to, or vested for, our executive KMP. The numbers in this table differ from those shown in
          section 8.6 (executive KMP statutory remuneration) primarily due to differences in the accounting treatment of share based payments. The table
          in section 8.6 includes an apportioned accounting value for all unvested at risk STAR and LTAR rights on issue during the year (some of which
          remain subject to satisfaction of performance hurdles and service conditions and may not ultimately vest). Further details of the accounting
          treatment of awards are set out in Note 30 to the financial statements.
          While the cash amount received by an executive in any one year may vary above or below statutory remuneration, this does not impact the
          financial position of the Group as all performance rights are amortised over their life.
          The table below shows the market value of the performance rights under the STAR and LTAR plans for rights that vested for the benefit of our
          executive KMP in 2018, including where awarded in prior periods. The value of the rights increases or decreases depending on movement in the
          security price. Also included is the movement in the market value of these rights since the date of grant.
          The table below presents:
          –– Fixed remuneration
          –– Cash STAR: the cash bonus earned in 2018 under the STAR
          –– Deferred STAR: the value of the deferred STAR from prior years that vested in 2018 and satisfied by the delivery of Group securities. The STAR
             is subject to a 3 year vesting period
          –– LTAR: the value of LTARs from prior years that vested in 2018 and satisfied by the delivery of Group securities. This includes for our CEO and
             CFO the vesting of rights that were granted in 2014, 2015 and 2016. Our COO was appointed in November 2015. 2018 represents the first year
             of vesting under the 2016 LTAR.
                                                                                                          SCG share based payments
                                                                                                              Deferred
                                                             Short term benefits                                STAR            LTAR
                                                                                                                                       Cash value
                                                                                           Other               Market        Market        before
                                                    Fixed              Cash            short term             value at      value at   movement     Movement in      Total cash
                                              remuneration (i)         STAR (ii)         benefits (iii)          grant         grant    in market   market value          value
                                      Year               $                $                     $                    $             $        value              $              $

          Executive KMP
          Peter Allen   2018                    2,000,000        1,695,750             102,692              795,806      4,138,571     8,732,819       438,969     9,171,788
                        2017                    2,000,000        1,740,375              (12,692)            942,501      3,087,801     7,757,985     1,146,179     8,904,164
          Mark Bloom    2018                    1,100,000          913,500               22,635             452,517      1,387,530     3,876,182       164,475     4,040,657
                        2017                    1,100,000          938,875               31,096             412,343      1,158,385     3,640,699       463,100     4,103,799
          Greg Miles    2018                    1,500,000        1,163,750             (21,058)                   –      1,357,100     3,999,792       (22,409)    3,977,383
                        2017                    1,500,000        1,194,375               36,634                   –        347,245     3,078,254        15,541     3,093,795
          (i)
                  Base salary is inclusive of statutory superannuation benefits.
          (ii)
                  70% of the STAR is delivered in cash and 30% as performance rights.
          (iii)
                  Comprising annual leave and long service leave entitlements.




PAGE 22
8.6 Executive KMP statutory remuneration
The table below sets out the 2018 statutory remuneration for our executive KMP. As noted above, this table includes an apportioned accounting
value for all unvested STAR and LTAR rights granted prior to or in 2018 (some of which remain subject to satisfaction of performance hurdles
and service conditions and may not ultimately vest). Further details of the accounting treatment of awards are set out in Note 30 to the
financial statements.
                                                      Short term benefits                      Share based payments (iii)
                                                                                 Other                                                Other
                                             Fixed                           short term                                           long term     Termination            Total
                                       remuneration (i)   Cash STAR            benefits (ii)        Cash             Equity         benefits       Benefits     remuneration
                               Year               $               $                   $                $                  $                $              $                $

Executive KMP
Peter Allen                   2018       2,000,000        1,695,750          102,692                  –        3,937,901                  –                 –    7,736,343
                              2017       2,000,000        1,740,375           (12,692)          123,904        3,589,310                  –                 –    7,440,897
Mark Bloom                    2018       1,100,000          913,500            22,635                 –        1,434,232                  –                 –    3,470,367
                              2017       1,100,000          938,875            31,096            55,757        1,288,173                  –                 –    3,413,901
Greg Miles                    2018       1,500,000        1,163,750          (21,058)                 –        2,013,967                  –                 –    4,656,659
                              2017       1,500,000        1,194,375            36,634                 –        1,350,488                  –                 –    4,081,497
(i)
        Fixed remuneration is inclusive of statutory superannuation benefits.
(ii)
        Comprising annual leave and long service leave entitlements.
(iii)
        Refer to the tables below for details of rights held by executive KMP under the equity-linked plans.

(a) Participation in the STAR plan: CEO, CFO and COO
The following table details performance rights held by our executive KMP under the STAR plan.
                                                                                                                                                                Market value
                                                                                                                                                Fair Value             as at
                                                                Effective date                                                                   at Grant (i)   31 Dec 2018 (ii)
                                                                      of grant        No. Granted       Vesting Date           % Vested                  $                 $

Executive KMP
Peter Allen                                                     1 Jan 2016                194,099     14 Dec 2018                100%           685,169                N/A (ii)
                                                                1 Jan 2017                205,419     16 Dec 2019                   –           762,104            801,134
                                                                1 Jan 2018                201,152     15 Dec 2020                   –           742,251            784,493
Total                                                                                                                                                            1,585,627
Mark Bloom                                                      1 Jan 2016                110,370     14 Dec 2018                100%           389,606                N/A (ii)
                                                                1 Jan 2017                105,127     16 Dec 2019                   –           390,021            409,995
                                                                1 Jan 2018                108,515     15 Dec 2020                   –           400,420            423,209
Total                                                                                                                                                              833,204
Greg Miles                                                      1 Jan 2017                133,925     16 Dec 2019                     –         496,862            522,308
                                                                1 Jan 2018                138,045     15 Dec 2020                     –         509,386            538,376
Total                                                                                                                                                            1,060,684
(i)
        The fair value of the rights granted under the STAR plan is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing methodology. Fair value is also calculated on the
        assumption that the executive remains employed with the Group for the full period of vesting.
(iii)
        The market value as at 31 December 2018 is based on the closing price of Scentre Group securities of $3.90. Market value as at 31 December 2018 is not
        included for rights that vested on 14 December 2018.




                                                                                                                              SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 23
          Directors’ Report (continued)

          (b) Participation in the LTAR plan: CEO, CFO and COO
          The following table details performance rights held by our executive KMP under the LTAR plan.
                                                                                               No of rights                                                              Market value
                                                                                               vested post                                               Fair Value             as at
                                                       Effective date                         measurement                                                 at Grant (i)   31 Dec 2018 (ii)
                                                             of grant      No. Granted           of hurdles       Vesting Date        % Vested                    $                 $

          Peter Allen                                   1 Jul 2014 (iii)      209,627            209,627         14 Dec 2018               100           490,728                N/A (ii)
                                                       1 Jan 2015             474,608            510,204 (iv)    14 Dec 2018             107.5 (iv)    1,328,902 (iv)           N/A (ii)
                                                       1 Jan 2016             380,587            418,646 (v)     14 Dec 2018               110 (v)     1,343,472 (v)            N/A (ii)
                                                                              397,691            437,461 (v)     16 Dec 2019               110 (v)     1,332,265 (v)      1,706,098
                                                       1 Jan 2017             389,357                N/A         16 Dec 2019                 –         1,444,514          1,518,492
                                                                              406,476                N/A         15 Dec 2020                 –         1,434,860          1,585,256
                                                       1 Jan 2018             418,014                N/A         15 Dec 2020                 –         1,542,472          1,630,255
                                                                              436,733                N/A         15 Dec 2021                 –         1,532,933          1,703,259
          Total                                                                                                                                                           8,143,360
          Mark Bloom                                    1 Jul 2014 (iii)       94,331             94,331         14 Dec 2018               100           220,824                N/A (ii)
                                                       1 Jan 2015             149,413            160,619 (iv)    14 Dec 2018             107.5 (iv)      418,356 (iv)           N/A (ii)
                                                       1 Jan 2016             119,815            131,796 (v)     14 Dec 2018               110 (v)       422,947 (v)            N/A (ii)
                                                                              125,199            137,719 (v)     16 Dec 2019               110 (v)       419,417 (v)        537,104
                                                       1 Jan 2017             114,122                N/A         16 Dec 2019                 –           423,393            445,076
                                                                              119,139                N/A         15 Dec 2020                 –           420,561            464,642
                                                       1 Jan 2018             148,328                N/A         15 Dec 2020                 –           547,330            578,479
                                                                              154,969                N/A         15 Dec 2021                 –           543,941            604,379
          Total                                                                                                                                                           2,629,680
          Greg Miles                                    1 Jul 2014 (vi)        52,258 (vii)       52,258 (vii)   14 Dec 2018               N/A           184,993                N/A (ii)
                                                       1 Jan 2015 (vi)         46,161 (vii)       46,161 (vii)   14 Dec 2018               N/A           163,410                N/A (ii)
                                                                               50,775 (vii)       50,775 (vii)   16 Dec 2019               N/A           171,112            198,023
                                                       1 Jan 2016             211,437            232,581 (v)     14 Dec 2018               110 (v)       746,373 (v)            N/A (ii)
                                                                              220,940            243,034 (v)     16 Dec 2019               110 (v)       740,149 (v)        947,833
                                                       1 Jan 2017             201,391                N/A         16 Dec 2019                 –           747,161            785,425
                                                                              210,246                N/A         15 Dec 2020                 –           742,168            819,959
                                                       1 Jan 2018             242,718                N/A         15 Dec 2020                 –           895,629            946,600
                                                                              253,586                N/A         15 Dec 2021                 –           890,087            988,985
          Total                                                                                                                                                           4,686,825
          (i)
                  The fair value of the rights issued under the LTAR plan is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing methodology. Fair value is also calculated on the
                  assumption that the executive remains employed with the Group for the full period of vesting and that the relevant performance hurdles under the LTAR plan are
                  satisfied. The fair value of rights (issued prior to the establishment of the Group in 2014) at grant date has been maintained since the value of the rights on issue
                  immediately before the commencement of deferred trading of the securities of the Group and Westﬁeld Corporation was the same as immediately after that date.
          (ii)
                  The market value as at 31 December 2018 is based on the closing price of Scentre Group securities of $3.90. Market value as at 31 December 2018 is not
                  included for rights that vested on 14 December 2018.
          (iii)
                  With an effective commencement date of 1 January 2014.
          (iv)
                  The 2015 LTAR vested at 107.5% for exceeding the ROCE hurdle.
          (v)
                  The 2016 LTAR vested at 110% for exceeding both the ROCE hurdle and development return hurdle.
          (vi)
                  Greg Miles held a number of performance rights issued by the former Westfield Group and Westfield Corporation. To the extent that those outstanding rights
                  were not satisfied by Westfield Corporation prior to his return to Australia, Scentre Group assumed the liability of the unvested proportion of those performance
                  rights. These rights will be satisfied by the delivery of Scentre Group securities on vesting. The effective grant date of those rights was 1 January 2016. However,
                  the vesting period will be assessed by reference to the original grant date of the rights. Vesting is not subject to any specific performance hurdles.
          (vii)
                  Represents the proportion of rights the liability of which was assumed by Scentre Group.




PAGE 24
8.7 Remuneration governance framework

                                                                  Securityholders

                                                                      Board
                               Responsible for setting and overseeing the implementation of the remuneration policy

                                                ▼                                                                            ▼
 Human Resources Committee                                                                               External Advisers
 Assists the Board by overseeing human resources policies and remuneration practices to                  The Committee is authorised to utilise
 ensure executives are rewarded fairly and responsibly having regard to the performance of               the services of specialist human
 Scentre Group.                                                                                          resources and remuneration consultants
                                                                                                         to provide advice regarding:
 The Committee is responsible for oversight of, and where appropriate makes
 recommendations to the Board on:                                                                        –– Senior executive remuneration levels.
 –– Remuneration policies and practices affecting the Group.                                             –– Market trends and benchmarking.
 –– Remuneration packages for the executive KMP. The Committee also reviews the CEO’s                    –– Human resources policies.
    recommendations on the remuneration packages for the senior executive team.                     ▼
                                                                                                         –– Succession planning.
 –– The Group’s equity linked performance plans.
                                                                                                         –– Learning and
 –– Succession planning policies in relation to the senior executive team.                                  organisational development.
 –– Policies that promote and support equal opportunity and diversity within the Group.                  Protocols have also been established
                                                                                                         for the engagement of remuneration
 –– Termination entitlements of executive KMP and other members of the senior executive team.
                                                                                                         consultants and the provision of
 –– Fees for non-executive Directors.                                                                    remuneration recommendations free of
 The Committee is comprised of 3 independent non-executive Directors: Andrew Harmos                      undue influence from management.
 (Chairman), Aliza Knox and Margaret Seale.
                                                ▼
 Management
 Makes recommendations to the Committee regarding the Group’s remuneration and human                ▼
 resources policies and framework.


During 2018 the Committee utilised the services of KPMG–3dc to provide services relating to remuneration trends and stakeholder engagement.
No remuneration recommendations were made by KPMG–3dc.
(a) Minimum securityholding
Our executive KMP and non-executive Directors are required to maintain a minimum holding of securities.
Executive KMP are required to maintain a minimum holding of securities that is at least a one-time multiple of their fixed remuneration (before tax).
New executive KMP have 3 years to meet the requirement from the date of appointment. Each of the executive KMP met the requirement at all
times during the year. Performance rights are not included in the calculation of the minimum holding of securities.
To underpin the alignment of Directors and securityholders, non-executive Directors are required to maintain a minimum holding of securities
equal to one year’s base board fees. Non-executive Directors have 3 years from the introduction of the policy in 2016 to meet this requirement.
(b) Performance rights plan: Governance
(i) STAR plan: key elements
Element                                         Description

 What is the purpose of the STAR plan?           The purpose of the STAR plan is to reward executives against the achievement of KPIs. Each
                                                 executive’s KPIs are set annually with the purpose of motivating that executive to achieve
                                                 performance objectives which will contribute to the short and longer term success of the Group.
 Who is eligible to participate                  The STAR is a broader based plan than the LTAR. Executive KMP, other members of the senior
 in the STAR plan?                               executive team and high performing executives participate in the STAR plan.
 What is the maximum STAR opportunity as         The maximum STAR opportunity for each executive KMP is 150% of fixed remuneration.
 a percentage of fixed remuneration?
                                                 Potential maximum STARs will only be awarded in exceptional circumstances where an executive
                                                 has significantly exceeded their KPIs.
 How is the STAR delivered?                      For senior executives in the STAR, 70% of the STAR is paid in cash with the balance (30%)
                                                 delivered as performance rights which are eligible to vest at the end of year 3. There are no
                                                 additional performance hurdles.
 What are the STAR performance                   KPIs are established each year under a performance review and development system. KPIs
 measures?                                       are designed to measure both ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial performance. The objectives vary
                                                 according to the role of the executive and typically relate to development, construction, retail
                                                 management, corporate or strategic targets.
                                                 Non-ﬁnancial objectives include measures that underpin the growth and sustainability of our
                                                 business including customer experience, retailer partnerships, community engagement, risk
                                                 management, safety, diversity and inclusion and organisational capabilities including innovation.
 How is performance against                      The actual STAR awarded to an executive in respect of a financial year is determined by
 KPIs assessed?                                  reference to the performance of the executive against the agreed KPIs, the corporate
                                                 performance of the Group and any other aspect of the executive’s performance which is
                                                 considered relevant in the context of the review.
 What are the performance weightings?            Performance weightings for the executive KMP are as follows:
                                                                   Financial    Non-financial
                                                 CEO                  65%              35%
                                                 CFO                  70%              30%
                                                 COO                  65%              35%

                                                                                                         SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 25
          Directors’ Report (continued)

          (ii) LTAR plan: key elements
          Element                                       Description

           What is the purpose of the LTAR plan?        The LTAR plan is designed to encourage and reward superior performance by members of the
                                                        senior executive team emphasising the strategic leadership role of that team. Through the LTAR
                                                        plan, participants are provided with a benefit aligned with the interests of securityholders.
                                                        Through a combination of performance hurdles (which are determined annually by the Board)
                                                        and a 3 – 4 year vesting period, the Group aims to incentivise achievement of targeted objectives
                                                        and assist in the retention of the executive KMP and other members of the senior executive team
                                                        for an extended period.
           Who is eligible to participate in the LTAR   Only members of the senior executive team participate in the LTAR plan.
           plan?
           What is the LTAR grant opportunity as a      CEO                      155%
           percentage of fixed remuneration?
                                                        CFO                      100%
                                                        COO                      120%
           What were the 2018 LTAR                      For 2018, the performance hurdles were:
           performance hurdles?                         Development return hurdle                        ROCE hurdle
                                                        (25% weighting)                                  (75% weighting)
                                                        The development return hurdle is designed        The ROCE hurdle enables the Board to reward
                                                        to measure the actual incremental yield that     the performance of management having
                                                        has been generated through the completion        regard to the level of returns generated on
                                                        of major developments (over $50 million)         securityholder equity through a combination
                                                        compared to Board approved feasibilities.        of improving earnings and capital management.
                                                        Major developments that commenced in 2018        The Group’s ROCE is calculated by applying FFO
                                                        have Board approved feasibilities including      for the relevant financial year as a percentage of
                                                        the annual impact of the forecast incremental    the Group’s weighted average contributed equity
                                                        NOI. The forecast 2020 incremental NOI for       during the year.
                                                        these projects will be aggregated and a yield
                                                                                                         The ROCE hurdle operates on a graduated scale
                                                        calculated based on the Board approved
                                                                                                         which is approved by the Board prior to awards
                                                        development cost for the projects.
                                                                                                         being granted under the plan. Performance
                                                        At the end of 2020, the actual incremental       against the ROCE hurdle will be measured by
                                                        NOI from these projects will be aggregated       reference to ROCE achieved in year three of
                                                        and a yield calculated based on the actual       the vesting period. Achievement of the ROCE
                                                        development cost. These two yields will then     component of the 2018 LTAR will be measured
                                                        be compared and, based on a graduated            at the end of 2020 and published in the 2020
                                                        table, the percentage of LTAR that will          annual report. The Group does not publish
                                                        vest will be calculated. The hurdle will be      details of the ROCE hurdle prior to the year in
                                                        achieved at 100% if the forecast yield is met.   which it is tested (year 3) as this would result
                                                        The hurdle allows for incremental increases      in the disclosure of commercially sensitive
                                                        and decreases depending on actual                information in connection with the Group’s
                                                        achieved yield.                                  forecast of growth in FFO and the amount of
                                                                                                         contributed equity.
                                                        Achievement below forecast yield will result
                                                        in a reduction of the percentage of vesting.     The hurdle will be achieved at 100% if the
                                                        Vesting will be reduced by 10% for each          target ROCE is met. Again, the hurdle allows for
                                                        incremental 0.2% lower than target yield         incremental increases or decreases depending
                                                        until 85% of the target yield. Where the         on actual achieved ROCE.
                                                        development return is below 85% of target
                                                                                                         Achievement below target ROCE will result in a
                                                        yield, there will be zero vesting. Vesting
                                                                                                         reduction of the percentage of vesting. A 0.3%
                                                        will increase by 5% for every incremental
                                                                                                         reduction below target ROCE will result in 50%
                                                        0.2% above target yield, with a cap of
                                                                                                         vesting with any greater reduction resulting in
                                                        125% vesting.
                                                                                                         zero vesting.
                                                                                                            A 0.7% increase in ROCE will result in vesting
                                                                                                            at the cap of 150%. From 2019, this cap has
                                                                                                            reduced to 125%.
           What was the level of vesting?               Both hurdles will be measured at the end of year 3 (2020).
           What performance/vesting period applies      The awards issued under the LTAR plan are confirmed at the end of the vesting period in
           to the LTAR awards?                          2 tranches with 50% vesting at the end of year 3 and 50% at the end of year 4.
           How is performance against the LTAR          Vesting in relation to a particular hurdle will occur if the measures in relation to that hurdle are
           hurdles assessed?                            achieved. Actual performance against the hurdles which apply determines the final number of
                                                        awards the executive will receive at the end of the vesting period. If full qualification for awards
                                                        is not achieved, there is no provision in the plan for re-testing those hurdles in subsequent years.
           Can the LTAR hurdles be adjusted?            Yes. The Board reserves the right to adjust performance hurdles under the LTAR plan to reflect
                                                        the impact of any capital transaction occurring during the performance period (for example:
                                                        a significant equity issue or the sale or joint venture of a material part of the portfolio).
           Will the 2019 LTAR hurdles change            For 2019, the LTAR hurdles remain the same as for 2018. However, for 2019 we have reduced the
           from 2018?                                   potential maximum opportunity on vesting for the ROCE measure from 150% to 125%.




PAGE 26
(iii) STAR and LTAR: Deferred equity
The Group’s Performance Rights Plan governs the grant of deferred equity under the STAR plan and LTAR plans. The common features are
outlined below.
Element                                       Description

 Are there common rules under the STAR        Yes. The Group’s Performance Rights Plan governs the grants of awards of deferred equity
 plan and LTAR plan?                          under the STAR plan and the LTAR plan. Having a common set of rules enables the grant
                                              of deferred equity under those plans to be administered on a consistent basis across
                                              participating executives.
 What are the mechanics of the                Under the Performance Rights Plan, on maturity, the executive is entitled to receive, at the
 Performance Rights Plan?                     election of Scentre Group and for no further consideration, either:
                                              –– one Scentre Group security for each performance right; or
                                              –– a cash payment to the same value.
                                              The relevant common features of both plans are as follows:
                                              –– based on principles and remuneration bands approved by the Board, participating
                                                 executives earn the opportunity to participate in a plan and are informed of a dollar amount
                                                 in relation to their participation at the beginning of each financial year in which they are
                                                 offered participation.
                                              –– the number of rights to be allocated is determined using the face value of Scentre Group
                                                 securities, adjusted for the estimated value (based on the Group’s published 1 year forecast)
                                                 of distributions that may be paid on stapled securities during the vesting period.
                                              –– assuming the executive remains employed by the Group through the vesting period and any
                                                  applicable performance hurdles are satisﬁed, the executive will receive either Scentre Group
                                                  securities or a cash pay-out equal to the capital value of the securities represented by the
                                                  rights. The maximum level of vesting under the LTAR plan is described in “What were the
                                                  2018 LTAR performance hurdles?”.
 Are distributions paid during the vesting    Participants in the Performance Rights Plan only receive distributions on securities
 period?                                      following vesting. As noted above, the number of rights to be allocated is determined using the
                                              face value of Scentre Group securities, adjusted for the estimated value (based on the Group’s
                                              published 1 year forecast) of distributions that may be paid on stapled securities during the
                                              vesting period. No adjustments are made in relation to actual distributions paid.
 How are securities delivered under the       Where rights are settled with securities, the Group acquires the securities on-market and
 STAR and LTAR?                               transfers the securities to executives.
 Is the CEO grant of performance rights       Yes. Approval for the grant of 2019 performance rights to the CEO will be sought at the AGM
 subject to securityholder approval?          on 4 April 2019.
 Can retention awards be issued without       No. All STARs and LTARs issued by the Group are subject to performance hurdles.
 hurdles?
 What happens if an executive KMP leaves      These arrangements are described in section 8.8.
 the Group?
 What happens if there is a change of         Performance rights do not vest automatically as a consequence of a control transaction or a
 control?                                     corporate restructuring. In relation to control transactions, the Board retains the discretion to
                                              accelerate the vesting date for rights issued under the plans in such circumstances.
 Are there any clawback or malus provisions   The plans contain provisions for the lapsing of unvested rights in several circumstances including
 for at risk remuneration?                    if an executive engages in any act or omission constituting serious misconduct or where the
                                              Group forms the opinion, based on reasonable grounds, that the executive has committed any
                                              fraud, dishonesty or defalcation in relation to the Group.
 Are there any other forfeiture events?       Unvested performance rights will also lapse in the event of a participant:
                                              –– resigning or being terminated for cause;
                                              –– becoming bankrupt or committing an act of bankruptcy; or
                                              –– failing to comply with a “Competition and Confidentiality Condition” (being standard
                                                  confidentiality, non‑compete and non-solicitation conditions).
 What is the hedging policy?                  Participants in the plans are prohibited from entering into hedging arrangements in respect
                                              of unvested rights (or rights the subject of a holding lock) in any plan.




                                                                                                    SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 27
          Directors’ Report (continued)

          8.8 Executive KMP service agreements
          The service agreements for each executive KMP are, in each case, a continuing arrangement inherited from the Westfield Group and date from
          September 2009. The terms outlined below apply to each executive KMP.
          Service Agreement             Term

           Contract term                No fixed term
           Notice period by employee    Employee: 3 months
           and employer                 Employer: 1 month
           Details of any               Where permitted by law, the Group imposes a further requirement that, following retirement, the executive
           post employment              complies with certain continuing non-compete obligations which, if not satisfied, will result in forfeiture of all
           restraints                   unvested rights

          Set out below is a summary of termination payments and treatment of the STAR and LTAR on an executive KMP leaving the Group’s employment.
          These provisions apply to each executive KMP. The provisions of the service agreements are subject to the Corporations Act 2001. In certain
          circumstances, payment of the entitlements summarised below may require the approval of securityholders.
          Event                         Termination payment            Treatment of STAR (cash)        Treatment of STAR and LTAR (deferred equity)

           Resignation and              –– Accrued statutory           –– Payment of a pro-rata        –– All unvested entitlements under the Group’s
           termination for cause           entitlements                   bonus for the relevant          performance rights plan are forfeited, without
                                                                          year may be considered          payment, on termination
                                                                          in exceptional
                                                                          circumstances
           Redundancy or                –– Accrued                     –– Pro-rata performance         –– Where redundancy or termination occurs more
           termination by the Group        statutory entitlements         bonus to the date               than one year prior to the end of the relevant
           (other than for cause)                                         of termination                  performance period, a pro-rata vesting applies up
                                        –– Redundancy between
                                                                                                          to the date of termination. Awards of performance
                                           12 and 24 months fixed
                                                                                                          rights which have less than one year to the end
                                           remuneration depending
                                                                                                          of the relevant performance period vest in full
                                           on the length of service
                                                                                                          (excluding any rights which lapsed because of a
                                           of the executive plus one
                                                                                                          failure to satisfy a performance hurdle). Rights that
                                           month’s salary in lieu of
                                                                                                          have been granted for less than 6 months lapse
                                           notice
           Death or permanent           –– Accrued statutory         –– Pro-rata performance           –– Full vesting of outstanding performance rights
           disability                      entitlements                 bonus to the date                 (excluding any rights which lapsed because of a
                                                                        of termination                    failure to satisfy a performance hurdle)


           Retirement                   –– Accrued statutory           –– Pro-rata performance         –– The executive will continue in the plans until
           (provided an executive          entitlements                   bonus to the date               the date of vesting in respect of performance
           has reached the age of 55                                      of termination                  rights granted at least 6 months prior to the
                                        –– The Board retains
           years or the aggregate of                                                                      date of termination (excluding any rights
                                           the discretion to pay
           the age of the participant                                                                     which lapsed because of a failure to satisfy a
                                           up to 12 months
           and the number of years                                                                        performance hurdle)
                                           fixed remuneration in
           in service is equal to or       recognition of past                                         –– In circumstances where continued participation
           greater than 70 and, in         services rendered                                              in the plan is not permitted under the terms of the
           each case, the executive                                                                       plan, the executive is entitled to a cash payment
           has at least 5 years                                                                           from the Group equivalent to the amount that
           continuous service)                                                                            would have been received had the executive been
                                                                                                          permitted to continue in the plan




PAGE 28
8.9 Non-executive Director Fees
The remuneration of the non-executive Directors is determined by the Board (within a total limit set by securityholders) acting on
recommendations made by the Human Resources Committee. In making recommendations to the Board, the Human Resources Committee
considers advice from independent consultants and advisers on trends in non-executive director remuneration.
The aggregate pool available for payment of fees to non-executive Directors is currently $3.5 million, as approved by securityholders at the Annual
General Meeting of the Company held on 25 May 2011. At the date of this report, actual aggregate fees are $2,258,250.
Non-executive Director remuneration comprises a base fee (which is inclusive of superannuation guarantee contributions) and where relevant,
a Committee fee, with a higher fee for the role of Committee chair. Reimbursement is made for out of pocket expenses. No other bonuses or
beneﬁts are paid either during the tenure of a non-executive Director or on retirement. Non-executive Directors do not participate in the Group’s
STAR or LTAR plans.
                                                                                                                                      Non-Executive
Board fees                                                                                                                Chairman         Director

Board                                                                                                                   $717,500         $210,125
                                                                                                                        Committee        Committee
Committee Fees                                                                                                             Chair           member

Audit and Risk Committee                                                                                                  $60,000          $40,000
Human Resources Committee                                                                                                 $60,000          $30,000
Nomination Committee                                                                                                      $15,000          $10,000

The base Board fee paid to the Chairman is inclusive of Committee fees. The Chairman is also Chair of the Nomination Committee for which he
does not receive a Committee Chair fee. The fees paid to the non-executive Directors for 2018 are set out below.
                                                                                                                              Year        Total Fees

Non-executive Director
Brian Schwartz                                                                                                               2018          717,500
                                                                                                                             2017          700,000
Andrew Harmos                                                                                                                2018          280,125
                                                                                                                             2017          265,000
Michael Ihlein                                                                                                               2018          280,125
                                                                                                                             2017          275,000
Carolyn Kay                                                                                                                  2018          250,125
                                                                                                                             2017          245,000
Aliza Knox                                                                                                                   2018          240,125
                                                                                                                             2017          235,000
Steven Lowy                                                                                                                  2018          210,125
                                                                                                                             2017          205,000
Margaret Seale                                                                                                               2018          280,125
                                                                                                                             2017          275,000

There is no increase to base board fees for 2019. The fees paid to Committee members (excluding the Chair) of the Human Resources
Committee have been increased. The increase of $10,000 is to take effect over a two-year period ($5,000 per year) commencing 1 January 2019
to be commensurate to fees paid to Committee members of the Audit and Risk Committee and reflective of the increasing workload and time
commitment required of the Committee. The membership of the Board Committees is described in section 4 of the Directors’ Report.

9. ASIC DISCLOSURES
Rounding
The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191. Accordingly, the
amounts shown in the Directors’ Report, the Financial Statements and Notes to the Financial Statements have been rounded to the nearest tenth
of a million dollars, unless otherwise indicated. Amounts shown as 0.0 represent amounts less than $50,000 that have been rounded down.
Synchronisation of financial year
Carindale Property Trust is a consolidated entity of the Company and has a financial year ending on 30 June. By an order dated 27 June 2005
made by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, the Directors of the Company have been relieved from compliance with the
requirement to ensure that the financial year of Carindale Property Trust coincides with the financial year of the Company.

10. ASX LISTING
ASX reserves the right (but without limiting its absolute discretion) to remove Scentre Group Limited, Scentre Group Trust 1, Scentre Group Trust
2 and Scentre Group Trust 3 from the official list of the ASX if any of the shares or units comprising those stapled securities cease to be stapled
together, or any equity securities are issued by a Scentre Group entity which are not stapled to the equivalent securities in the other entities.
This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors and is signed for and on behalf of the Directors.




Brian Schwartz AM			 Michael Ihlein
Chairman			 Director
20 February 2019




                                                                                                        SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 29
          Independent Auditor’s Report
          TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF SCENTRE GROUP LIMITED




          Report on the Audit of the Financial Report
          Opinion
          We have audited the financial report of Scentre Group Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group), which comprises the
          consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2018, the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
          the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended, notes comprising a summary
          of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information and the Directors’ Declaration.
          In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
          (i)	giving a true and fair view of the Group’s consolidated financial position as at 31 December 2018 and of its consolidated financial performance
               for the year ended on that date; and
          (ii) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
          Basis for Opinion
          We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in
          the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
          the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
          Standards Board’s APES110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in
          Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
          We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
          Key Audit Matters
          Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial report of the current
          year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do
          not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in
          that context.
          We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of our report, including
          in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks
          of material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters
          below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial report.
          1. Shopping Centre Investment Property Portfolio – Carrying values and revaluations
          Why significant                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter

          The Group holds economic interests in shopping centre               Our audit procedures included the following:
          investment properties which are carried at a fair value of
                                                                              –– We assessed the effectiveness of the Group’s controls over the leasing
          $39.1 billion at 31 December 2018. These include shopping
                                                                                 process and associated tenancy reports which are used as source data in
          centres recorded directly in the consolidated statement of
                                                                                 the property valuations by testing a sample of the relevant controls.
          financial position as investment properties and indirectly
          through equity accounted investments as disclosed in Note           –– We assessed key net income, lease expiry and vacancy assumptions
          2 of the financial report. Collectively they represent 96% of          adopted in the valuation to the actual net income, lease expiry profile and
          total assets.                                                          vacancy levels of the underlying asset in considering the reasonableness of
                                                                                 the assumptions adopted in the valuation, including re-leasing and capital
          Fair values were determined by the Group at the end of the
                                                                                 expenditure requirement assumptions. Where available we corroborated
          reporting period with changes in fair value recognised in the
                                                                                 these assumptions to supporting lease documentation or external
          income statement.
                                                                                 market data.
          We considered this to be a key audit matter as property
                                                                              –– We involved our real estate valuation specialists to assist with:
          valuations are based upon a number of assumptions, such
          as capitalisation rates, market rent, occupancy levels, re-            –– the assessment of capitalisation rates adopted across the portfolio; and
          leasing and capital expenditure, which are judgmental in               –– the review and assessment of the property valuation for a sample of
          nature. Minor changes in certain assumptions can lead to                  properties based on size, geographical location and other property
          significant changes in the valuation.                                     valuation specific risk factors.
          Note 3 of the financial report discloses the sensitivity of these   –– Where relevant we assessed the reasonableness of comparable transactions
          valuations to changes in key assumptions.                              utilised by the Group in the valuation process.
          Note 3 of the financial report describes the accounting policy      –– We assessed the qualifications, competence and objectivity of the external
          for these assets.                                                      valuers used by the Group.
                                                                              –– We evaluated the suitability of the valuation methodology used across the
                                                                                 portfolio and tested the valuation reports for mathematical accuracy.




PAGE 30
2. Property Development and Project Management Revenues
Why significant                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter

The Group recognised $430 million of property development         Our audit procedures included the following:
and project management revenue for the year ended 31
                                                                  –– We assessed the effectiveness of the Group’s controls and processes
December 2018.
                                                                     for accumulating property development and project management
As set out in Note 2, property development and project               costs, for estimating costs to complete of development projects and for
management revenue is recognised on a percentage                     revenue recognition.
of completion basis as construction progresses. The
                                                                     We selected a sample of projects based on size and significance and
percentage of completion is determined based on the
                                                                     performed the following:
proportion of contract costs incurred to date and the
estimated costs to complete.                                         –– Conducted a visit to the project site or reviewed management reporting
                                                                        and held discussions with corporate and development executives to
Contractual arrangements may give rise to uncertain
                                                                        understand the progress of developments, any material scope variations
positions which are factored into the estimated costs to
                                                                        and risks and opportunities against feasibility reports.
complete and percentage completion. These arrangements
require consideration at each balance sheet date as to               –– Inspected initial approved project feasibility reports and assessed the
management’s view of the most probable outcome and                      assumptions used in forecasting project revenues and cost estimates
reliability with which an outcome can be quantified.                    to contracts and supplier cost estimates.
The determination of the costs to complete impacts the               –– Reviewed ongoing project feasibility reports against budget and historical
value and timing of revenue and profit recognised over                  performance to evaluate the reasonableness of changes to feasibility
the life of the project, and it is an estimate that requires            revenue and cost assumptions. Where material changes to revenue and
significant judgment.                                                   cost assumptions occurred, we agreed changes to contract variations
                                                                        and estimated costs to complete analysis.
                                                                     –– Obtained quantity surveyor reports to benchmark costs to date,
                                                                        percentage completion and costs to complete assumptions.
                                                                     –– Assessed the recoverability of project development spend by comparing
                                                                        project costs to complete against expected billings.
                                                                     –– Confirmed inputs to the revenue calculation are appropriate and
                                                                        recalculated the revenue recognised in accordance with the recognition
                                                                        criteria set out in Australian Accounting Standards.
                                                                     –– Reviewed contract terms in order to understand if there are any specific
                                                                        contractual obligations that would impact revenue recognition under
                                                                        AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
                                                                  –– We also evaluated payments made after the reporting date in order to assess
                                                                     whether costs were accrued in the correct reporting period.

Information other than the Financial Report and Auditor’s Report
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information in the Group’s Annual Report for the year
ended 31 December 2018, but does not include the financial report and the auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with
the exception of the Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.
In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the
other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based upon the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial report
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with
Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial report, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the
Group or cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                                                                           SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 31
          Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)

          Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report
          Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material misstatement, whether
          due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
          guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
          Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
          influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.
          As part of an audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
          throughout the audit. We also:
          –– Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit
             procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
             of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
             intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
          –– Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
             but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control.
          –– Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by
             the Directors.
          –– Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial report.
             We also conclude, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events and conditions that may
             cast significant doubt on the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
             to draw attention in the auditor’s report to the disclosures in the financial report about the material uncertainty or, if such disclosures are
             inadequate, to modify the opinion on the financial report. However, future events or conditions may cause an entity to cease to continue as
             a going concern.
          –– Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated
             financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
          –– Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express
             an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the Group. We remain
             solely responsible for our audit opinion.
          We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings,
          including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
          We are also required to provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence,
          and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where
          applicable, related safeguards.
          From the matters communicated to the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial report
          of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes
          public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
          in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
          such communication.
          Report on the Remuneration Report
          Opinion on the Remuneration Report
          We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 12 to 29 of the Directors’ Report for the year ended 31 December 2018.
          In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Scentre Group Limited for the year ended 31 December 2018, complies with section 300A of the
          Corporations Act 2001.
          Responsibilities
          The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in accordance with section
          300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
          accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




          Ernst & Young	Megan Wilson
                         Partner
          Sydney, 20 February 2019
          Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




PAGE 32
Income Statement

                                                                                                   31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17
                                                                                       Note          $million          $million

Revenue
Property revenue                                                                                    2,149.2          2,098.3
Property development and construction revenue                                                         429.7            315.3
Property management income                                                                             56.2             56.0
                                                                                                    2,635.1          2,469.6
Share of after tax profits of equity accounted entities
Property revenue                                                                                      209.2             212.7
Property revaluations                                                                                  87.2             160.1
Property expenses, outgoings and other costs                                                          (49.1)             (50.4)
Net interest income/(expense)                                                                           0.1                (1.5)
Tax expense                                                                                           (12.5)             (14.7)
                                                                                        5(a)          234.9             306.2
Expenses
Property expenses, outgoings and other costs                                                          (476.3)          (465.8)
Property development and construction costs                                                           (344.4)          (235.2)
Property management costs                                                                              (10.1)            (10.6)
Overheads                                                                                              (85.9)            (88.6)
                                                                                                      (916.7)          (800.2)
Interest income                                                                                         3.1               3.2
Currency gain/(loss)                                                                     11           (29.7)              6.4
Financing costs                                                                          12          (685.1)          (754.8)
Gain in respect of capital transactions                                                  13            40.1               0.0
Property revaluations                                                                               1,060.5          3,056.7
Profit before tax                                                                                   2,342.2          4,287.1
Tax expense                                                                             6(a)          (46.3)            (55.7)
Profit after tax for the period                                                                     2,295.9          4,231.4
Profit after tax for the period attributable to:
– Members of Scentre Group                                                                          2,287.2          4,217.9
– External non controlling interests                                                                    8.7             13.5
Profit after tax for the period                                                                     2,295.9          4,231.4

                                                                                                      cents             cents
 Basic earnings per stapled security attributable to members of Scentre Group          10(a)          43.10             79.41
 Diluted earnings per stapled security attributable to members of Scentre Group        10(a)          42.97             79.18




                                                                                  SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 33
          Statement of Comprehensive Income
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                                                                                                          31 Dec 18           31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                                            $million             $million

          Profit after tax for the period                                                                                                                   2,295.9            4,231.4
          Other comprehensive income
          Movement in foreign currency translation reserve (i)
          –	Realised and unrealised differences on the translation of investment in foreign operations and
             asset hedging derivatives which qualify for hedge accounting                                                                                       26.1              (27.6)
          –	Accumulated exchange differences transferred from foreign currency translation reserve
             on realisation of net investment in foreign operations                                                                                            (0.7)               (0.8)
          Total comprehensive income for the period                                                                                                         2,321.3            4,203.0
          Total comprehensive income attributable to:
          –	Members of Scentre Group (ii)                                                                                                                  2,312.6            4,189.5
          –	External non controlling interests                                                                                                                 8.7               13.5
          Total comprehensive income for the period                                                                                                         2,321.3            4,203.0
          (i)
                	This may be subsequently transferred to the profit and loss. In relation to the foreign currency translation reserve, the portion relating to the foreign operations
                  held by SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3 may be transferred to the profit and loss depending on how the foreign operations are sold.
          (ii)
                	Total comprehensive income attributable to members of Scentre Group comprises $195.0 million (31 December 2017: $126.5 million) attributable to SGL
                  members and $2,117.6 million (31 December 2017: $4,063.0 million) attributable to SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3 members.
                  Total comprehensive income attributable to members of SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3 consists of profit after tax for the period of $2,093.2 million (31 December 2017:
                  $4,090.4 million), realised and unrealised differences on the translation of investment in foreign operations and asset hedging derivatives which qualify for hedge
                  accounting of $25.1 million (31 December 2017: loss of $26.6 million) and accumulated exchange differences transferred from foreign currency translation reserve
                  on realisation of net investment in foreign operations of $0.7 million (31 December 2017: $0.8 million).




PAGE 34
Balance Sheet
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                                  31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17
                                                                       Note         $million           $million

Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                              14(a)          206.1             174.0
Trade debtors                                                                          36.2              28.0
Derivative assets                                                      17(a)          221.6              35.6
Receivables                                                                           242.9             191.2
Other current assets                                                                   65.8              60.2
Total current assets                                                                  772.6             489.0
Non current assets
Investment properties                                                     3        36,044.8         33,493.6
Equity accounted investments                                            5(b)        2,966.2          2,622.2
Derivative assets                                                      17(a)          892.2            604.2
Plant and equipment                                                                    44.6             33.3
Deferred tax assets                                                     6(b)           54.8             51.1
Other non current assets                                                               99.8            122.2
Total non current assets                                                           40,102.4         36,926.6
Total assets                                                                       40,875.0         37,415.6
Current liabilities
Trade creditors                                                                       327.2            282.2
Payables and other creditors                                                          793.2            788.3
Interest bearing liabilities                                             15         1,945.5          1,595.1
Tax payable                                                                            14.5             30.2
Derivative liabilities                                                 17(b)           12.3              8.9
Total current liabilities                                                           3,092.7          2,704.7
Non current liabilities
Payables and other creditors                                                           27.6             25.6
Interest bearing liabilities                                            15         12,697.6         10,728.6
Other financial liabilities                                             16            696.9            673.7
Deferred tax liabilities                                                6(c)          107.7            108.3
Derivative liabilities                                                 17(b)          386.7            393.4
Total non current liabilities                                                      13,916.5         11,929.6
Total liabilities                                                                  17,009.2         14,634.3
Net assets                                                                         23,865.8         22,781.3
Equity attributable to members of Scentre Group
Contributed equity                                                     18(b)       10,465.1         10,495.2
Reserves                                                                19            108.7             86.6
Retained profits                                                        20         13,063.9         11,952.1
Total equity attributable to members of Scentre Group                              23,637.7         22,533.9
Equity attributable to external non controlling interests
Contributed equity                                                                     75.9             81.5
Retained profits                                                                      152.2            165.9
Total equity attributable to external non controlling interests                       228.1            247.4
Total equity                                                                       23,865.8         22,781.3




                                                                  SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 35
          Statement of Changes in Equity
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                     Contributed                   Retained     31 Dec 18 Contributed                       Retained    31 Dec 17
                                                                         Equity      Reserves        Profits        Total      Equity         Reserves        Profits        Total
                                                                        $million      $million      $million      $million   $million          $million      $million      $million

          Changes in equity attributable to members
          of Scentre Group
          Balance at the beginning of the period,
          as reported                                           10,495.2                  86.6     11,952.1      22,533.9      10,495.2         115.3       8,876.7     19,487.2
          –	Impact of changes in accounting standards (i) (ii)        –                     –        (10.3)        (10.3)            –              –            –             –
          Adjusted balance at the beginning of the period 10,495.2                        86.6     11,941.8      22,523.6      10,495.2         115.3       8,876.7     19,487.2
          –	Profit after tax for the period (iii)                     –                     –      2,287.2       2,287.2             –              –      4,217.9      4,217.9
          –	Other comprehensive income (iii) (iv)                     –                  25.4            –          25.4             –          (28.4)           –         (28.4)
          Transactions with owners in their capacity
          as owners
          –	Buy-back and cancellation of securities
              and associated costs                                 (30.1)                     –             –        (30.1)             –            –             –              –
          –	Movement in employee share plan
              benefits reserve                                         –                   (3.3)           –          (3.3)             –         (0.3)           –           (0.3)
          –	Dividends/distributions paid or provided for              –                      –     (1,165.1)     (1,165.1)             –            –     (1,142.5)     (1,142.5)
          Closing balance of equity attributable to
          members of Scentre Group                              10,465.1                 108.7     13,063.9      23,637.7      10,495.2           86.6    11,952.1      22,533.9
          Changes in equity attributable to external
          non controlling interests
          Balance at the beginning of the period                            81.5              –        165.9        247.4           88.3             –        178.9         267.2
          Profit after tax for the period attributable to
          external non controlling interests (iii)                              –             –          8.7           8.7              –            –          13.5          13.5
          Distribution paid or provided for                                     –             –        (10.8)        (10.8)             –            –         (12.6)        (12.6)
          Decrease in external non controlling interest                      (5.6)            –        (11.6)        (17.2)          (6.8)           –         (13.9)        (20.7)
          Closing balance of equity attributable to
          external non controlling interests                               75.9              –        152.2         228.1          81.5              –       165.9         247.4
          Total equity                                                 10,541.0          108.7     13,216.1      23,865.8      10,576.7           86.6    12,118.0      22,781.3
          (i)
                  The Group has adopted AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers on a modified retrospective basis. This resulted in a charge of $2.9 million to retained
                  profits as at 1 January 2018, being the cumulative effect on initial application of the standard (refer to Note 1(c)). The comparative results for the year ended
                  31 December 2017 are not restated as permitted by the standard.
          (ii)
                  The Group has adopted AASB 9 Financial Instruments. This resulted in a charge of $7.4 million to retained profits as at 1 January 2018, being the cumulative
                  effect on initial application of the standard (refer to Note 1(c)). The comparative results for the year ended 31 December 2017 are not restated as permitted
                  by the standard.
          (iii)
                  Total comprehensive income for the period amounts to $2,321.3 million (31 December 2017: $4,203.0 million).
          (iv)
                  Movement in reserves attributable to members of SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3 comprises realised and unrealised differences on the translation of investment in
                  foreign operations and asset hedging derivatives which qualify for hedge accounting of $25.1 million (31 December 2017: loss of $26.6 million) and accumulated
                  exchange differences transferred from foreign currency translation reserve on realisation of net investment in foreign operations of $0.7 million (31 December
                  2017: $0.8 million).




PAGE 36
Cash Flow Statement

                                                                                                                                          31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                              Note          $million            $million

Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts in the course of operations (including Goods and Services Tax (GST))                                                               2,940.8           2,792.8
Payments in the course of operations (including GST)                                                                                         (930.9)           (900.9)
Dividends/distributions received from equity accounted entities                                                                               102.3             102.4
Net operating cash flows retained by equity accounted entities                                                                                 23.4               23.9
Income and withholding taxes paid                                                                                                             (66.6)             (44.6)
GST paid                                                                                                                                     (244.9)           (215.8)
Payments of financing costs (excluding interest capitalised)                                                                                 (504.5)           (512.0)
Interest received                                                                                                                               3.1                3.2
Net cash flows from operating activities – proportionate (i)                                                                                1,322.7           1,249.0
Less: net operating cash flows retained by equity accounted entities                                                                          (23.4)             (23.9)
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                     14(b)          1,299.3           1,225.1
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditure on property investments                                                                                                  (749.0)            (664.1)
Acquisition of property investments                                                                                                          (774.0)                  –
Proceeds from the disposition of assets                                                                                                        90.6              369.9
Payments relating to the disposition of assets                                                                                                (29.5)                  –
Acquisition of listed securities                                                                                                              (15.8)              (20.0)
Net outflows for investments in equity accounted entities                                                                                    (167.3)              (31.8)
Purchase of plant and equipment                                                                                                               (27.1)              (20.6)
Financing costs capitalised to qualifying development projects and construction in progress                                                   (43.0)              (24.4)
Settlement of currency derivatives hedging the repatriation of foreign sales proceeds                                                             –               (15.1)
Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                                                                (1,715.1)            (406.1)
Cash flows from financing activities
Buy-back of securities and associated costs                                                                                                   (30.1)                  –
Net proceeds from interest bearing liabilities                                                                               15(c)          1,652.7              769.9
Repayment of other financial liabilities                                                                                      28                  –             (416.6)
Dividends/distributions paid                                                                                                               (1,165.1)          (1,142.5)
Distributions paid by controlled entities to external non controlling interests                                                               (11.8)              (13.1)
Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                                                                                            445.7             (802.3)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents held                                                                                                    29.9            16.7
Add opening cash and cash equivalents brought forward                                                                                            174.0           159.0
Effects of exchange rate changes on opening cash and cash equivalents brought forward                                                              2.2             (1.7)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period (ii)                                                                      14(a)               206.1           174.0
(i)
       Proportionate cash flows from operating activities includes total operating cash flows from consolidated and equity accounted entities.
(ii)
       Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash of $206.1 million (31 December 2017: $174.0 million) net of bank overdraft of nil (31 December 2017: nil).




                                                                                                                        SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 37
          Index of Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



          Note       Description                                          Page

          1          Basis of preparation of the Financial Report          39
          Operational results, assets and liabilities
          2       Segment reporting                                        40
          3       Investment properties                                    43
          4       Details of shopping centre investments                   44
          4(a)    – Australia                                              45
          4(b)    – New Zealand                                            46
          5       Details of equity accounted investments                  46
          6       Taxation                                                 47
          7       Significant items                                        48
          8       Dividends/distributions                                  48
          9       Net tangible asset backing                               49
          10      Earnings per security                                    49
          Financing and capital management
          11       Currency gain/(loss)                                    50
          12       Financing costs                                         50
          13       Gain in respect of capital transactions                 51
          14       Cash and cash equivalents                               51
          15       Interest bearing liabilities                            52
          16       Other financial liabilities                             54
          17       Derivative assets and liabilities                       54
          18       Contributed equity                                      55
          19       Reserves                                                56
          20       Retained profits                                        56
          21       Capital risk management                                 57
          22       Financial risk management                               57
          23       Interest rate risk management                           57
          24       Exchange rate risk management                           61
          25       Credit risk management                                  63
          26       Liquidity risk management                               63
          27       Financial covenants                                     63
          28       Fair value of financial assets and liabilities          64
          Other disclosures
          29       Other significant accounting policies                   65
          30       Share based payments                                    66
          31       Lease commitments                                       68
          32       Capital expenditure commitments                         68
          33       Contingent liabilities                                  68
          34       Parent company                                          69
          35       Subsidiaries                                            69
          36       Auditor’s remuneration                                  70
          37       Superannuation commitments                              70
          38       Related party disclosures                               70
          39       Details and remuneration of Key Management Personnel    71
          40       Details of material and significant entities            72




PAGE 38
Notes to the Financial Statements

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE                                        –– AASB 9 Financial Instruments
FINANCIAL REPORT                                                             Impact of adoption
(a) Corporate information                                                 	This standard includes new requirements for classification and
This financial report of Scentre Group (Group), comprising Scentre          measurement, impairment and hedge accounting of financial
Group Limited (Parent Company) and its controlled entities, for the         instruments compared with the requirements of AASB 139
year ended 31 December 2018 was approved in accordance with a               Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement.
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Parent Company.
                                                                          	The Group has adopted AASB 9 and related amendments from
The nature of the operations and principal activities of the Group are      1 January 2018. Comparative results are not restated as permitted
described in the Directors’ Report.                                         by the standard. The cumulative effect on initial application of
(b) Accounting for the Group                                                AASB 9 is a charge to opening retained profits and a decrease in
Scentre Group was established on 30 June 2014 by the stapling               trade and other receivables of $7.4 million as at 1 January 2018.
of securities of each of the Parent Company, Scentre Group Trust            This difference arises from the increase in provision for trade and
1 (SGT1), Scentre Group Trust 2 (SGT2) and Scentre Group Trust              other receivables.
3 (SGT3). The securities trade as one security on the Australian             (i) Classification and measurement
Securities Exchange (ASX) under the code SCG. The stapling
transaction is referred to as the “Merger”.                               	Financial assets previously held at fair value continue to be
                                                                            measured at fair value. Trade and other receivables are held to
As a result of the securities being stapled and therefore cannot be         collect contractual cash flows and these contractual cash flows
traded separately, this financial report has been prepared based on a       are solely payments of principal and interest. These receivables
business combination of the Parent Company, SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3.            continue to be measured at amortised cost. The impact of the
The Parent Company for accounting purposes has control of SGT1,             classification of financial instruments under AASB 9 was immaterial.
SGT2 and SGT3 and accordingly consolidates SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3
and their respective controlled entities.                                 	The Group has floating rate borrowing facilities that have been
                                                                            refinanced during previous financial periods. Under AASB 9, the
(c) Statement of Compliance                                                 accounting for the modification of a financial liability that has not
This financial report complies with Australian Accounting Standards         resulted in derecognition, requires an adjustment to the amortised
and International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the               cost of the liability, with any gain or loss being recognised
International Accounting Standards Board. The accounting policies           immediately in the income statement. Under the previous standard
adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year except     AASB 139, the gain or loss would have been recognised over the
that the Group has adopted the following new or amended standards           remaining life of the borrowing by adjusting the effective interest
which became applicable on 1 January 2018:                                  rate. The Group has assessed that the cumulative gain on initial
                                                                            application is immaterial.
–– AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                                                                             (ii) Impairment
   Impact of adoption
                                                                          	Under AASB 9, the Group’s accounting for impairment losses for
	The Group’s property development and construction revenue
                                                                            financial assets is fundamentally changed, by replacing AASB 139’s
  comprises Construction, Design and Development fees earned
                                                                            incurred loss approach with a forward-looking expected credit
  from Design and Construction Agreements (D&C Agreements) with
                                                                            loss (ECL) approach. The Group has applied the simplified
  third parties. In previous reporting periods, the Group recognised
                                                                            approach and recorded lifetime expected losses on trade and other
  revenue on a percentage of completion basis for each service
                                                                            receivables. The revised methodology for calculation of impairment
  provided. Percentage of completion was determined based on the
                                                                            of trade and other receivables resulted in an additional loss
  proportion of contract costs incurred to date and the estimated
                                                                            allowance of $7.4 million as at 1 January 2018.
  costs to complete for each service. Accordingly, the various
  services provided under the D&C Agreements were treated as                 (iii) Hedge accounting
  distinct performance obligations and revenues were recognised
                                                                          	As the Group did not have any hedge relationships that are
  based on their separately determined percentage of completion.
                                                                            designated as effective hedges in place as at 31 December 2017,
	Under AASB 15, the Group continues to recognise revenue on                there is no impact from the application of hedging requirements on
  a percentage of completion basis determined on the proportion             the financial statements.
  of contract costs incurred to date and the estimated costs to
                                                                          The Group has also adopted the following amendments to and
  complete. However, the Group will account for all services provided
                                                                          clarification of interpretations of, accounting standards:
  under the D&C Agreements as a single performance obligation,
  the services being part of a series of distinct goods and services      –– AASB 2016-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting
  that are substantially integrated with the same pattern of transfer.       Standards – Classification and Measurement of Share-based
  Accordingly, property development and construction revenue will            Payment Transactions
  be recognised based on the percentage of completion for that            –– AASB 2017-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards –
  single performance obligation.                                             Transfers of Investment Property, Annual Improvements 2014-2016
	In previous reporting periods, the Group also recognised property          Cycle and Other Amendments
  management revenue from Management Agreements with third                –– AASB Interpretation 22 Foreign Currency Transactions and
  parties as services were provided. This is similar to revenue              Advance Consideration
  recognition requirements under AASB 15.
                                                                          For the financial period, the adoption of these amended standards
	The Group has adopted AASB 15 from 1 January 2018 on a                  had no impact on the financial statements of the Group.
  modified retrospective basis. Comparative results are not restated
  as permitted by the standard. The cumulative effect on initial          Certain Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations have
  application was a charge of $2.9 million to opening retained profits,   recently been issued or amended but are not yet effective and have
  an increase in contract liability (included in payables and other       not been adopted by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018.
  creditors on the balance sheet) of $4.1 million and an increase in      The impact of these new standards or amendments to the standards
  deferred tax assets of $1.2 million at 1 January 2018. In addition,     (to the extent relevant to the Group) and interpretations is as follows:
  the impact of adopting this standard has resulted in an increase in     –– AASB 16 Leases (effective from 1 January 2019)
  net property development and construction income of $1.8 million
  (including an increase in property development and construction         	This standard contains requirements about lease classification
  revenue of $16.7 million) offset by tax expense of $0.6 million, for      and recognition, measurement and presentation and disclosures
  the year ended 31 December 2018.                                          of leases for lessees and lessors. This standard is not expected
                                                                            to have a significant financial impact on the financial statements
                                                                            on application.




                                                                                                      SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 39
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


          NOTE 1 BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE                                          (e) Significant accounting judgements, estimates
          FINANCIAL REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                and assumptions
          (c) Statement of Compliance (continued)                                     The preparation of this financial report requires management to make
                                                                                      judgements, estimates and assumptions. Management continually
          –– AASB 2017-7 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards
                                                                                      evaluates its judgements and estimates in relation to assets, liabilities,
              – Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
                                                                                      contingent liabilities, revenue and expenses. Management bases its
              (effective 1 January 2019)
                                                                                      judgements and estimates on historical experience and other various
          	This amends AASB 128 Investments in Associates and Joint                  factors it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
            Ventures to clarify that an entity is required to account for long-term   results of which form the basis of the carrying values of assets and
            interests in an associate or joint venture (which in substance form       liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
            part of the net investment in the associate or joint venture but to
                                                                                      Further details of the nature of these assumptions and conditions
            which the equity method is not applied), using AASB 9 Financial
                                                                                      may be found in the relevant notes to the financial statements, in
            Instruments before applying the loss allocation and impairment
                                                                                      particular, Note 2: Segment reporting, Note 3: Investment properties,
            requirements in AASB 128. This amendment is not expected to
                                                                                      Note 4: Details of shopping centre investments, Note 28: Fair value
            have a significant impact on the financial statements on application.
                                                                                      of financial assets and liabilities and Note 29: Other significant
          –– AASB 2018-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards –              accounting policies. Actual results may differ from these estimates
             Annual Improvements 2015-2017 Cycle (effective 1 January 2019)           under different assumptions and conditions and may materially affect
                                                                                      the Group’s financial results or its financial position in future periods.
          	The amendments clarify certain requirements in:
                                                                                      (f) Comparative information
             (i) AASB 3 Business Combinations and AASB 11 Joint
                 Arrangements – previously held interest in a joint operation;        Where applicable, certain comparative figures are restated in
                                                                                      order to comply with the current period’s presentation of the
             (ii) AASB 112 Income Taxes – income tax consequences of                  financial statements.
                  payments on financial instruments classified as equity; and
                                                                                      (g) Rounding
             (iii) AASB 123 Borrowing Costs – borrowing costs eligible                In accordance with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/
                   for capitalisation.                                                Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, the amounts shown in this
          	These amendments are not expected to have a significant impact            financial report have been rounded to the nearest tenth of a million
            on the financial statements on application.                               dollars, unless otherwise indicated. Amounts shown as 0.0 represent
                                                                                      amounts less than $50,000 that have been rounded down.
          –– AASB Interpretation 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments,
             and relevant amending standards (effective 1 January 2019)
                                                                                      NOTE 2 SEGMENT REPORTING
          	The Interpretation clarifies the application of the recognition and
                                                                                      The Group’s operational segments comprise the property investment
            measurement criteria in AASB 112 Income Taxes when there
                                                                                      and property management and construction segments.
            is uncertainty over income tax treatments. This standard is not
            expected to have a significant impact on the financial statements         (a) Property investments
            on application.                                                           Property investments segment includes net property income from
          –– AASB 2014-10 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards               shopping centres. A geographic analysis of net property investment
             – Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its             income is also provided.
             Associate or Joint Venture (effective from 1 January 2022)               (b) Property management and construction
          	This amends AASB 10 – Consolidated Financial Statements                   Property management and construction segment includes external
            and AASB 128 – Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures               fee income from third parties, primarily property management and
            to address an inconsistency between the requirements of                   development fees, and associated business expenses.
            AASB 10 and AASB 128 in dealing with the sale or contribution             Transactions such as the change in fair value of financial instruments,
            of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture.         impact of currency hedging, interest income, financing costs, property
            This amendment is not expected to have a significant impact on            revaluations, taxation, gain/(loss) and financing costs in respect of
            the financial statements on application.                                  capital transactions and overheads are not allocated to the above
          (d) Basis of Accounting                                                     segments but are included in order to facilitate a reconciliation to the
          This financial report is a general purpose financial report, which          Group’s net profit attributable to its members.
          has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the                The Group’s operating segment income and expenses as well as the
          Corporations Act 2001 (Corporations Act), Australian Accounting             details of segment assets have been prepared on a proportionate
          Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian          format. The proportionate format presents the net income from
          Accounting Standards Board. This financial report has also been             and net assets in equity accounted properties on a gross format
          prepared on a historical cost basis, except for investment properties,      whereby the underlying components of net income and net assets are
          investment properties within equity accounted investments, derivative       disclosed separately as revenues and expenses, assets and liabilities.
          financial instruments, financial assets at fair value through profit and    The Group’s liabilities are managed on a consolidated basis rather
          loss and other financial liabilities. The carrying values of recognised     than by operational segments.
          assets and liabilities that are hedged with fair value hedges and are
          otherwise carried at cost, are adjusted to record changes in the fair       The proportionate format is used by management in assessing and
          values attributable to the risks that are being hedged.                     understanding the performance and results of operations of the Group
                                                                                      as it allows management to observe and analyse revenue and expense
          This financial report is presented in Australian dollars.                   results and trends on a portfolio-wide basis. The assets underlying
                                                                                      both the consolidated and the equity accounted components of
                                                                                      the statutory income statement are similar (that is, Australian and
                                                                                      New Zealand shopping centres), all centres are under common
                                                                                      management and therefore the drivers of their results are similar.
                                                                                      Accordingly, management considers that the proportionate format
                                                                                      provides a more useful way to understand the performance of the
                                                                                      portfolio as a whole than the statutory format.




PAGE 40
NOTE 2 SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(i) Operating segment information
                                                                                  Property                                                 Property
                                                                               management                                               management
                                                                  Property             and                                 Property             and
                                                               investment      construction          31 Dec 18          investment      construction         31 Dec 17
                                                                   $million        $million            $million             $million        $million            $million

Revenue
Property revenue                                                  2,358.4                  –           2,358.4            2,311.0                 –            2,311.0
Property development and construction revenue                           –              429.7             429.7                  –             315.3              315.3
Property management income                                              –               56.2              56.2                  –              56.0               56.0
                                                                  2,358.4              485.9           2,844.3            2,311.0             371.3            2,682.3
Expenses
Property expenses, outgoings and other costs                       (525.4)                 –            (525.4)            (516.2)                  –           (516.2)
Property development and construction costs                             –             (344.4)           (344.4)                 –             (235.2)           (235.2)
Property management costs                                               –              (10.1)            (10.1)                 –               (10.6)            (10.6)
                                                                   (525.4)            (354.5)           (879.9)            (516.2)            (245.8)           (762.0)
Segment income and expenses                                       1,833.0              131.4           1,964.4            1,794.8              125.5           1,920.3


Shopping centre investments                                      38,351.0                   –         38,351.0          35,387.4                    –        35,387.4
Development projects and construction
in progress                                                         750.1                   –            750.1             841.4                    –           841.4
Segment assets (i)                                               39,101.1                   –         39,101.1          36,228.8                    –        36,228.8
(i)
       Includes equity accounted segment assets of $3,056.3 million (31 December 2017: $2,735.2 million).

(ii) Geographic information – Total revenue
                                                                 Australia     New Zealand           31 Dec 18            Australia     New Zealand          31 Dec 17
                                                                  $million         $million            $million            $million         $million            $million
Property revenue (i)                                              2,256.7              101.7           2,358.4            2,198.7             112.3            2,311.0
Property development and construction revenue (ii)                  306.4              123.3             429.7              307.7               7.6              315.3
Property management income                                           51.8                4.4              56.2               51.3               4.7               56.0
Total revenue                                                     2,614.9              229.4           2,844.3            2,557.7             124.6            2,682.3
(i)
       Non-lease component included in property revenue amounted to $293.1 million (31 December 2017: $292.3 million).
(ii)
       Property development and construction revenue recognised during the year that was included in the contract liability balance (presented in current payables
       and other creditors on the balance sheet) at the beginning of the year, amounted to $83.6 million. No amounts were recognised during the year that relate to
       performance obligations satisfied or partially satisfied in previous periods.
	Receivables and contract liabilities from contracts with customers
	As at 31 December 2018, receivables from contracts with customers amounted to $47.6 million and contract liabilities from contracts with customers amounted
  to $107.4 million.
       Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations
       As at 31 December 2018, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations is $245.3 million. The Group will
       recognise this as revenue as property development and construction projects are completed, which is expected to occur over the next 6-24 months. These
       amounts do not include contracts that have an expected duration of one year or less and any portion of the transaction price that is variable and constrained.

(iii) Geographic information – Net property income
                                                                 Australia     New Zealand           31 Dec 18            Australia     New Zealand          31 Dec 17
                                                                  $million         $million            $million            $million         $million            $million

Shopping centre base rent and other property
income                                                            2,323.2              103.0           2,426.2            2,251.4             113.4            2,364.8
Amortisation of tenant allowances                                   (66.5)              (1.3)            (67.8)              (52.7)              (1.1)            (53.8)
Property revenue                                                  2,256.7              101.7           2,358.4            2,198.7             112.3            2,311.0
Property expenses, outgoings and other costs                       (503.8)             (21.6)           (525.4)            (489.5)             (26.7)           (516.2)
Net property income                                               1,752.9               80.1           1,833.0            1,709.2               85.6           1,794.8

(iv) Geographic information – Non current assets
                                                                 Australia     New Zealand           31 Dec 18            Australia     New Zealand          31 Dec 17
                                                                  $million         $million            $million            $million         $million            $million

Non current assets                                               37,739.0            1,347.5          39,086.5          35,131.1            1,097.0          36,228.1
Group non current assets                                                                               1,015.9                                                  698.5
Total non current assets                                                                              40,102.4                                               36,926.6
Additions to segment non current assets
during the period                                                                                      1,705.8                                                   811.2




                                                                                                                        SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 41
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


          NOTE 2 SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
          (v) Reconciliation of segment information
          The Group’s operating segment income and expenses as well as the details of segment assets have been prepared on a proportionate format.
          The composition of the Group’s consolidated and equity accounted details are provided below:
                                                                                                Equity                                                    Equity
                                                                       Consolidated         Accounted           31 Dec 18        Consolidated         Accounted          31 Dec 17
                                                                           $million           $million            $million           $million            $million           $million

          Revenue
          Property revenue                                                  2,149.2               209.2           2,358.4            2,098.3              212.7            2,311.0
          Property development and construction revenue                       429.7                   –             429.7              315.3                  –              315.3
          Property management income                                           56.2                   –              56.2               56.0                  –               56.0
                                                                            2,635.1               209.2           2,844.3            2,469.6              212.7            2,682.3
          Expenses
          Property expenses, outgoings and other costs                       (476.3)              (49.1)           (525.4)            (465.8)              (50.4)           (516.2)
          Property development and construction costs                        (344.4)                  –            (344.4)            (235.2)                  –            (235.2)
          Property management costs                                           (10.1)                  –             (10.1)              (10.6)                 –              (10.6)
                                                                             (830.8)              (49.1)           (879.9)            (711.6)              (50.4)           (762.0)
          Segment income and expenses                                       1,804.3               160.1           1,964.4            1,758.0              162.3            1,920.3
          Overheads                                                                                                 (85.9)                                                    (88.6)
          Interest income                                                                                             3.3                                                        3.5
          Currency gain/(loss)                                                                                      (29.7)                                                       6.4
          Financing costs                                                                                          (685.2)                                                  (756.6)
          Gain in respect of capital transactions                                                                    40.1                                                        0.0
          Property revaluations                                                                                   1,147.7                                                  3,216.8
          Tax expense – current                                                                                     (60.6)                                                    (65.6)
          Tax benefit/(expense) – deferred                                                                            1.8                                                       (4.8)
          External non controlling interests                                                                         (8.7)                                                    (13.5)
          Net profit attributable to members of the Group (i)                                                     2,287.2                                                  4,217.9
          (i)
                Net profit attributable to members of the Group was $2,287.2 million (31 December 2017: $4,217.9 million). Net profit after tax for the year which includes profit
                attributable to external non controlling interests of $8.7 million (31 December 2017: $13.5 million) was $2,295.9 million (31 December 2017: $4,231.4 million).
                                                                                                Equity                                                    Equity
                                                                       Consolidated         Accounted           31 Dec 18        Consolidated         Accounted          31 Dec 17
                                                                           $million           $million            $million           $million            $million           $million

          Shopping centre investments                                      35,522.6            2,828.4           38,351.0           32,761.5            2,625.9          35,387.4
          Development projects and construction
          in progress                                                         522.2              227.9              750.1              732.1              109.3             841.4
          Segment assets                                                   36,044.8            3,056.3           39,101.1           33,493.6            2,735.2          36,228.8
          Cash and cash equivalents                                           206.1                7.8              213.9              174.0                2.6             176.6
          Deferred tax assets                                                  54.8                  –               54.8               51.1                  –              51.1
          Receivables on currency derivatives                                 920.2                  –              920.2              394.4                  –             394.4
          Other assets                                                        682.9                9.4              692.3              680.3                4.8             685.1
          Total assets                                                     37,908.8            3,073.5           40,982.3           34,793.4            2,742.6          37,536.0
          Interest bearing liabilities
          – Current                                                         1,945.0                  –            1,945.0            1,594.5                  –           1,594.5
          – Non current                                                    12,657.7                  –           12,657.7           10,687.9                  –          10,687.9
          Finance lease liabilities                                            40.4                0.4               40.8               41.3               19.2              60.5
          Other financial liabilities                                         696.9                  –              696.9              673.7                  –             673.7
          Deferred tax liabilities                                            107.7               69.3              177.0              108.3               63.1             171.4
          Payables on currency derivatives                                     55.7                  –               55.7              140.8                  –             140.8
          Other liabilities                                                 1,505.8               37.6            1,543.4            1,387.8               38.1           1,425.9
          Total liabilities                                                17,009.2              107.3           17,116.5           14,634.3              120.4          14,754.7
          Net assets                                                       20,899.6            2,966.2           23,865.8           20,159.1            2,622.2          22,781.3




PAGE 42
NOTE 2 SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

      Accounting Policies
      Revenue recognition
      Revenue is recognised to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and can be reliably measured.
      Leases
      Rental income from investment properties is accounted for on a straight line basis over the lease term. Contingent rental income is recognised
      as income in the period in which it is earned. If not received at balance date, revenue is reflected on the balance sheet as a receivable and
      carried at its recoverable amount.
      Certain tenant allowances that are classified as lease incentives are recorded as part of investment properties and amortised over the term of
      the lease. The amortisation is recorded against property revenue.
      Revenue from contracts with customers
      Property development and construction revenue comprises Construction, Design and Development fees earned from Design and
      Construction Agreements (D&C Agreements) with third parties. The Group accounts for all services provided under the D&C Agreements as
      a single performance obligation, the services being part of a series of distinct goods and services that are substantially integrated with the
      same pattern of transfer, and revenue is recognised based on the percentage of completion for that single performance obligation. Percentage
      of completion is determined based on the proportion of contract costs incurred to date and the estimated contract costs to complete.
      Accordingly, significant judgments and estimates are made in determining (i) variable consideration which may be included in the transaction
      price; (ii) costs incurred to date that reflects the Group’s progress in satisfying its performance obligations under the contract; and (iii) the total
      contract costs.
      Differences between amounts recognised as revenue and amounts billed to customers are recognised as contract assets or liabilities on
      the balance sheet. Progress billings to customers include charges for work completed, materials and/or goods delivered (which may include
      uninstalled materials and/or goods) or expenditure incurred. Amounts billed to customers are usually due within 10 days.
      Property management revenue from third parties is recognised as services are provided.
      Recoveries of outgoings from lessees are recognised as services are provided.
      Revenue from the sale of properties is recognised when the buyer obtains control of the asset. Control is transferred when the buyer has the
      ability to direct the use of and substantially obtain the economic benefits from the asset.
      All other revenues are recognised as services are provided.
      Expenses
      Costs to obtain or fulfil a contract with customers
      The Group recognises as an asset the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer and all costs of fulfilling a contract, if the
      Group expects to recover those costs. Capitalised costs are amortised, with the expense recognised on a systemic basis that depicts the
      transfer of goods and services to customers. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the remaining
      amount of consideration the Group expects to receive less costs that have not yet been recognised as expenses.
      All other expenses are brought to account on an accruals basis.

                                                                                                                                          31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                            $million            $million


NOTE 3 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Shopping centre investments                                                                                                               35,522.6           32,761.5
Development projects and construction in progress                                                                                            522.2              732.1
Total investment properties                                                                                                               36,044.8           33,493.6
Movement in total investment properties
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                      33,493.6           29,872.3
Acquisition of properties                                                                                                                    774.0                   –
Disposal of properties                                                                                                                        (5.8)            (146.6)
Redevelopment costs                                                                                                                          722.5              713.0
Net revaluation increment                                                                                                                  1,060.5            3,056.7
Retranslation of foreign operations                                                                                                              –                (1.8)
Balance at the end of the year (i)                                                                                                        36,044.8           33,493.6
(i)
       The fair value of investment properties at the end of the year of $36,044.8 million (31 December 2017: $33,493.6 million) comprises investment properties at
       market value of $36,004.4 million (31 December 2017: $33,452.3 million) and ground leases included as finance leases of $40.4 million (31 December 2017:
       $41.3 million).




                                                                                                                       SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 43
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


          NOTE 3 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

           Accounting Policies
           Investment properties
           The Group’s investment properties include shopping centre investments, development projects and construction in progress.
           (i) Shopping centre investments
           The Group’s shopping centre investment properties represent completed centres comprising freehold and leasehold land, buildings and
           leasehold improvements.
           Land and buildings are considered as having the function of an investment and therefore are regarded as a composite asset, the overall value
           of which is influenced by many factors, the most prominent being income yield, rather than by the diminution in value of the building content
           due to effluxion of time. Accordingly, the buildings and all components thereof, including integral plant and equipment, are not depreciated.
           Initially, shopping centre investment properties are measured at cost including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group’s
           portfolio of shopping centre investment properties are stated at fair value. Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair values of shopping
           centre investment properties are included in the income statement in the year in which they arise. Any gains or losses on the sale of an
           investment property are recognised in the income statement in the year of sale.
           At each reporting date, the carrying value of the portfolio of shopping centre investment properties is assessed by the Directors and where the
           carrying value differs materially from the Directors’ assessment of fair value, an adjustment to the carrying value is recorded as appropriate.
           The Directors’ assessment of fair value of each shopping centre takes into account the latest independent valuations generally prepared
           annually, with updates taking into account any changes in capitalisation rate, underlying income and valuations of comparable centres. In
           determining the fair value, the capitalisation of net income method and the discounting of future cash flows to their present value have been
           used, which are based upon assumptions and judgements in relation to future rental income, capitalisation rate and make reference to market
           evidence of transaction prices for similar properties.
           (ii) Development projects and construction in progress
           The Group’s development projects and construction in progress include costs incurred for the current and future redevelopment and
           expansion of new and existing shopping centre investments, and are classified as inventories when intended for sale to third parties.
           Development projects and construction in progress include capitalised construction and development costs, payments and advances to
           contractors and where applicable, borrowing costs incurred on qualifying developments.
           The Directors’ assessment of fair value of each development project and construction in progress that meets the definition of an investment
           property, takes into account the expected costs to complete, the stage of completion, expected underlying income and yield of the
           developments. From time to time, during a development, the Directors may commission an independent valuation of the development project.
           On completion, the development projects are reclassified to shopping centre investments and an independent valuation is obtained.
           Independent valuations are conducted in accordance with guidelines set by the International Valuation Standards Committee for Australian
           and New Zealand properties.
           It is the Group’s policy to appoint a number of qualified independent valuers and that no individual valuer is appointed to appraise an individual
           property for greater than three consecutive years. The following qualified independent valuers were appointed by the Group to carry out
           property appraisals for the current financial year:
           Australian shopping centres                                         New Zealand shopping centres
           –– CBRE Valuations Pty Limited                                      – CBRE Limited
           –– CIVAS (NSW) Pty Limited (Colliers International)                 – Colliers International New Zealand Limited
           –– Cushman & Wakefield Pty Ltd                                      – Jones Lang La Salle Limited
           –– Jones Lang LaSalle Advisory Services Pty Ltd
           –– Knight Frank Australia Pty Ltd
           –– Urbis Valuations Pty Ltd
           The determination of a property valuation is judgemental. The key assumptions in the valuation are the estimated capitalisation rate and net
           operating income. Movements in capitalisation rate for each property would result in changes to the fair value. For example, an increase in
           capitalisation rate would result in a decrease in the fair value of the properties while a decrease in capitalisation rate would result in an increase
           in the fair value of the properties.
           Refer to Notes 4(a) and 4(b) for a summary of the capitalisation rate for the property portfolio.

                                                                                                                                      31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                          Note          $million          $million

          NOTE 4 DETAILS OF SHOPPING CENTRE INVESTMENTS
          Consolidated Australian shopping centres                                                                           (a)      35,522.6         32,761.5
          Total consolidated shopping centres                                                                                         35,522.6         32,761.5
          Equity accounted Australian shopping centres                                                                       (a)       1,617.5          1,522.8
          Equity accounted New Zealand shopping centres                                                                      (b)       1,210.9          1,103.1
          Total equity accounted shopping centres                                                                                      2,828.4          2,625.9
                                                                                                                                      38,351.0         35,387.4




PAGE 44
NOTE 4 DETAILS OF SHOPPING CENTRE INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)
(a) Shopping centre investments – Australia
                                                                                                                             Retail                                 Retail
                                                           Ownership                Ownership           Carrying     Capitalisation            Carrying     Capitalisation
                                                              Interest                 Interest          Amount              Rates             Amount               Rates
                                                            31 Dec 18               31 Dec 17          31 Dec 18        31 Dec 18            31 Dec 17        31 Dec 17
Australian shopping centres                                         %                        %           $million                %              $million                %

AUSTRALIAN CAPITAL TERRITORY
Belconnen                                                  100.0 C                 100.0 C                 935.0             5.50%               935.0            5.50%
Woden                                                       50.0 C                  50.0 C                 353.0             5.50%               350.0            5.50%
NEW SOUTH WALES
Bondi Junction                                             100.0    C              100.0    C            3,293.4             4.13%            3,143.6             4.25%
Burwood                                                    100.0    C              100.0    C            1,105.2             5.00%            1,095.2             5.00%
Chatswood                                                  100.0    C              100.0    C            1,397.1             4.50%            1,367.1             4.50%
Eastgardens (i)                                             50.0    C                  –    –              720.0             4.25%                  –                 –
Hornsby                                                    100.0    C              100.0    C            1,095.2             5.25%            1,095.2             5.25%
Hurstville                                                  50.0    C               50.0    C              440.0             5.25%              437.5             5.25%
Kotara (ii)                                                100.0    C              100.0    C            1,095.0             5.00%              815.0             5.75%
Liverpool                                                   50.0    C               50.0    C              560.1             5.25%              550.1             5.25%
Miranda                                                     50.0    C               50.0    C            1,310.5             4.38%            1,270.5             4.50%
Mt Druitt                                                   50.0    E               50.0    E              332.5             5.50%              315.0             5.50%
Parramatta                                                  50.0    C               50.0    C            1,103.8             4.50%            1,034.3             4.75%
Penrith                                                     50.0    C               50.0    C              756.5             4.75%              750.0             4.75%
Sydney (iii)                                               100.0    C              100.0    C            5,360.8             4.11%            5,027.4             4.12%
Tuggerah                                                   100.0    C              100.0    C              805.0             5.38%              785.0             5.50%
Warringah Mall                                              50.0    C               50.0    C              937.5             5.00%              930.0             5.00%
QUEENSLAND
Carindale (iv)                                              50.0    C               50.0    C              814.3             5.00%              813.6             5.25%
Chermside                                                  100.0    C              100.0    C            2,838.5             4.13%            2,615.0             4.50%
Coomera (ii)                                                50.0    C                  –    –              222.5             5.50%                  –                 –
Garden City                                                100.0    C              100.0    C            1,730.0             4.75%            1,705.0             4.75%
Helensvale                                                  50.0    C               50.0    C              237.5             5.75%              237.5             5.75%
North Lakes                                                 50.0    C               50.0    C              490.0             5.00%              475.0             5.00%
SOUTH AUSTRALIA
Marion                                                      50.0 C                  50.0 C                 737.5             5.13%               737.5            5.25%
Tea Tree Plaza (ii)                                         50.0 E                  50.0 E                 410.0             5.38%               400.3            5.50%
West Lakes                                                  50.0 C                  50.0 C                 247.5             6.00%               245.0            6.00%
VICTORIA
Airport West                                                50.0    C               50.0    C              213.7             5.75%              213.5             5.75%
Doncaster                                                   50.0    C               50.0    C            1,210.0             4.50%            1,200.0             4.50%
Fountain Gate                                              100.0    C              100.0    C            2,285.0             4.13%            2,090.0             4.50%
Geelong                                                     50.0    C               50.0    C              266.5             5.65%              265.0             5.75%
Knox                                                        50.0    C               50.0    C              577.5             5.50%              576.5             5.50%
Plenty Valley (ii)                                          50.0    C               50.0    C              263.0             5.25%              261.0             5.25%
Southland                                                   50.0    E               50.0    E              875.0             4.62%              807.5             5.00%
WESTERN AUSTRALIA
Carousel (ii)                                              100.0 C                 100.0 C               1,475.0             5.00%            1,080.0             5.50%
Stirling                                                   100.0 C                 100.0 C                 331.0             6.25%              331.0             6.25%
Whitford City                                               50.0 C                  50.0 C                 315.0             5.75%              330.0             5.75%
Total Australian portfolio                                                                              37,140.1             4.71%(v)        34,284.3             4.86% (v)
Consolidated                                                                                           35,522.6                              32,761.5
Equity accounted                                                                                        1,617.5                               1,522.8
Total Australian portfolio                                                                             37,140.1                              34,284.3
C Consolidated – Centres which are held through controlled entities or are held directly and jointly as tenants in common and are treated as joint operations. For
  joint operations, the contractual arrangements establish that the parties share all the liabilities, obligations, costs and expenses in their ownership proportion. The
  allocation of revenue and expenses is based on the ownership interest in the joint arrangement.
E Equity Accounted – Centres held through a separate vehicle with joint control are treated as a joint venture and accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
(i)
        Property acquired during the year.
(ii)
        Developments completed during the year.
(iii)
        Sydney comprises Sydney Central Plaza, the Sydney City retail complex and office towers. As at 31 December 2018, the weighted average capitalisation rate of
        Sydney was 4.31%, comprising retail 4.11% (Sydney City 4.0% and Sydney Central Plaza 4.5%) and office 4.92%. As at 31 December 2017, the weighted average
        capitalisation rate of Sydney was 4.32%, comprising retail 4.12% (Sydney City 4.0% and Sydney Central Plaza 4.5%) and office 4.95%.
(iv)
        Carindale Property Trust (CPT) has a 50% interest in this shopping centre. As at 31 December 2018, the Group has a 59.6% interest in CPT (31 December 2017: 56.6%).
(v)
        Weighted average capitalisation rate including non-retail assets.




                                                                                                                          SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 45
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


          NOTE 4 DETAILS OF SHOPPING CENTRE INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)
          (b) Shopping centre investments – New Zealand
                                                                                                                                        Retail                                Retail
                                                                     Ownership                Ownership             Carrying    Capitalisation          Carrying      Capitalisation
                                                                        Interest                 Interest            Amount             Rates           Amount                Rates
                                                                      31 Dec 18               31 Dec 17            31 Dec 18       31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17         31 Dec 17
          New Zealand shopping centres                                        %                        %          NZ$million                %         NZ$million                  %

          Albany                                                      51.0    E               51.0    E               308.0           5.88%               301.4              5.88%
          Manukau                                                     51.0    E               51.0    E               219.3           6.38%               189.0              7.00%
          Newmarket (i)                                               51.0    E               51.0    E               141.7           6.63%               141.8              6.63%
          Riccarton                                                   51.0    E               51.0    E               334.1           6.25%               316.2              6.50%
          St Lukes                                                    51.0    E               51.0    E               265.2           6.25%               265.2              6.25%
          Total New Zealand portfolio                                                                               1,268.3           6.24%(ii)         1,213.6              6.39% (ii)
          Exchange rate                                                                                              1.0474                              1.1002
          Total New Zealand portfolio in A$                                                                         1,210.9                             1,103.1
          Equity accounted                                                                                          1,210.9                             1,103.1
          Total New Zealand portfolio                                                                               1,210.9                             1,103.1
          E Equity Accounted – Centres held through a separate vehicle with joint control are treated as a joint venture and accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
          (i)
                  Property currently under redevelopment.
          (ii)
                  Weighted average capitalisation rate including non-retail assets.

          NOTE 5 DETAILS OF EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                                                                      31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                                        $million            $million

          (a) Share of equity accounted entities’ net profit and comprehensive income
          Share of after tax profit of equity accounted entities                                                                                          234.9              306.2
          Other comprehensive income/(loss) (i)                                                                                                            27.1               (36.4)
          Share of total comprehensive income of equity accounted entities                                                                                262.0              269.8
          (i)
                  Relates to the net exchange difference on translation of equity accounted foreign operations.

          (b) Share of equity accounted entities’ assets and liabilities
          The Group’s equity accounted investments of $2,966.2 million (31 December 2017: $2,622.2 million) comprise investments in joint ventures in
          Australia and New Zealand represented by equity of $2,165.0 million (31 December 2017: $2,021.9 million) and interest bearing loans of $801.2 million
          (31 December 2017: $600.3 million). Inter-entity interest charges on the loans amounted to $24.0 million (31 December 2017: $20.9 million).
          (c) Equity accounted entities economic interest
                                                                                                                                                         Economic interest
          Name of investments                                                                                 Type of equity      Balance date        31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17

          Australian investments            (i)


          Mt Druitt (ii)                                                                                          Trust units         30 Jun             50.0%               50.0%
          Southland (ii)                                                                                          Trust units         30 Jun             50.0%               50.0%
          Tea Tree Plaza (ii)                                                                                     Trust units         30 Jun             50.0%               50.0%
          New Zealand investments (i) (iii)
          Albany                                                                                                     Shares           31 Dec             51.0%               51.0%
          Manukau                                                                                                    Shares           31 Dec             51.0%               51.0%
          Newmarket                                                                                                  Shares           31 Dec             51.0%               51.0%
          Riccarton                                                                                                  Shares           31 Dec             51.0%               51.0%
          St Lukes                                                                                                   Shares           31 Dec             51.0%               51.0%
          (i)
                  All equity accounted property partnerships, trusts and companies operate solely as retail property investors.
          (ii)
                  Notwithstanding that the financial year of these investments ends on 30 June, the consolidated financial statements have been made out so as to include the
                  accounts for a period coinciding with the financial year of the Parent Company being 31 December.
          (iii)
                  Under the Shareholders’ Agreement, the Group and GIC, Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund, each has two representatives in the Shareholders’ Committee
                  with voting power in proportion to each shareholder’s shareholding. While the Group has a 51% interest in these entities, 75% of the votes is required to pass a
                  resolution. Accordingly, the Group’s 51% interest in these investments is accounted for using the equity accounted method.




PAGE 46
                                                                                                                         31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                           $million           $million


NOTE 6 TAXATION
(a) Tax expense
Current tax expense – underlying operations                                                                                   (51.0)            (53.9)
Deferred tax benefit/(expense)                                                                                                  4.7               (1.8)
                                                                                                                              (46.3)            (55.7)
The prima facie tax on profit before tax is reconciled to the income tax expense provided in the financial
statements as follows:
Profit before income tax                                                                                                    2,342.2          4,287.1
Less: Trust income not taxable for the Group – tax payable by members                                                      (2,204.6)        (4,203.8)
                                                                                                                              137.6              83.3
Prima facie tax expense at 30%                                                                                                (41.3)            (25.0)
Benefit from utilisation of capital losses from prior years                                                                    24.5                  –
Tax on inter-entity transactions                                                                                              (32.8)            (36.8)
Deferred tax release on New Zealand capital transactions                                                                          –                6.7
Other                                                                                                                           3.3               (0.6)
Tax expense                                                                                                                   (46.3)            (55.7)

(b) Deferred tax assets
Provisions and accruals                                                                                                        54.8             51.1
                                                                                                                               54.8             51.1

(c) Deferred tax liabilities
Tax effect of book value in excess of the tax cost base of investment properties                                              44.1              42.0
Other timing differences                                                                                                      63.6              66.3
                                                                                                                             107.7             108.3


 Accounting Policies
 Taxation
 The Group comprises taxable and non taxable entities. Income tax expense is only recognised in respect of taxable entities.
 (i) Taxable and non taxable entities of the Group
 The Parent Company and its Australian resident wholly owned subsidiaries have formed a tax consolidated group. The Parent Company has
 entered into tax funding arrangements with its Australian resident wholly owned subsidiaries, pursuant to which each subsidiary has agreed to
 pay or receive a tax equivalent amount based on the net taxable amount or loss of the subsidiary at the current tax rate. The tax consolidated
 group has applied the modified separate taxpayer approach in determining the appropriate amount of current taxes to allocate to each entity.
 SGT1 and SGT2 are not liable for Australian income tax provided that members are presently entitled to the income of each Trust as
 determined in accordance with its constitution. The members of each Trust are taxable on their share of the taxable income of each Trust.
 SGT3 is treated as a company for Australian tax purposes and accordingly is a taxable entity.
 The Group’s New Zealand resident entities are subject to New Zealand tax.
 (ii) Accounting for income tax
 Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the tax authorities,
 calculated using the tax rates and tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date in the countries where the Group operates
 and generates taxable income. Current income tax relating to items recognised directly in equity is recognised in equity and not in the
 income statement.
 Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial
 reporting purposes at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the
 asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting
 date. Deferred tax relating to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity is recognised in other comprehensive
 income or directly in equity and not the income statement.




                                                                                                         SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 47
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                                                                                                31 Dec 18     31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                    Note          $million       $million


          NOTE 7 SIGNIFICANT ITEMS
          The following significant items are relevant in explaining the financial performance of the business:
          Property revaluations                                                                                                                   1,060.5      3,056.7
          Equity accounted property revaluations                                                                                                     87.2        160.1
          Net fair value gain/(loss) and associated credit risk on currency derivatives that do not qualify for
          hedge accounting                                                                                                            11             (30.4)          5.6
          Exchange differences (including amounts transferred from foreign currency translation reserve)
          on realisation of net investment in foreign operations                                                                     11               0.7             0.8
          Net fair value loss on interest rate hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting                                       12            (133.6)       (158.4)
          Net modification gain on refinanced borrowing facilities                                                                   12               9.9               –
          Net fair value loss on other financial liabilities                                                                         12             (23.2)         (77.8)
          Gain in respect of capital transactions                                                                                    13              40.1             0.0
          Deferred tax benefit/(expense)                                                                                             6(a)             4.7            (1.8)
          Equity accounted deferred tax expense                                                                                                      (2.9)           (3.0)

          NOTE 8 DIVIDENDS/DISTRIBUTIONS
          (a) Final dividend/distributions for the year
          Dividend/distributions in respect of the 6 months to 31 December 2018
          Parent Company: 2.96 cents per share (31 December 2017: 2.35 cents per share) (i)                                                         157.0         124.8
          SGT1: 3.40 cents per unit (31 December 2017: 2.60 cents per unit)                                                                         180.3         138.1
          SGT2: 4.60 cents per unit (31 December 2017: 5.92 cents per unit)                                                                         244.0         314.5
          SGT3: 0.12 cents per unit (31 December 2017: nil) (i)                                                                                       6.4             –
          Scentre Group 11.08 cents per stapled security (31 December 2017: 10.87 cents per stapled security)                                       587.7         577.4
          (i)
                Dividends to be paid/paid by the Parent Company and distributions to be paid/paid by SGT3 are franked at the corporate tax rate of 30%.

          Interim dividend/distributions of 11.08 cents were paid on 31 August 2018. Final dividend/distributions will be paid on 28 February 2019.
          The record date for the final dividends/distributions was 5pm, 14 February 2019. The Group does not operate a Distribution Reinvestment Plan.
                                                                                                                                                31 Dec 18     31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                                  $million       $million

          (b) Dividends/distributions paid during the year
          Dividend/distributions in respect of the 6 months to 30 June 2018
          Parent Company: nil (30 June 2017: nil)                                                                                                       –             –
          SGT1: 3.34 cents per unit (30 June 2017: 4.15 cents per unit)                                                                             177.2         220.4
          SGT2: 7.74 cents per unit (30 June 2017: 6.71 cents per unit)                                                                             410.5         356.4
          SGT3: nil (30 June 2017: nil)                                                                                                                 –             –
          Dividend/distributions in respect of the 6 months to 31 December 2017
          Parent Company: 2.35 cents per share (31 December 2016: 2.70 cents per share) (i)                                                         124.8        143.4
          SGT1: 2.60 cents per unit (31 December 2016: 3.45 cents per unit)                                                                         138.1        183.3
          SGT2: 5.92 cents per unit (31 December 2016: 4.33 cents per unit)                                                                         314.5        230.0
          SGT3: nil (31 December 2016: 0.17 cents per unit) (i)                                                                                         –          9.0
                                                                                                                                                  1,165.1      1,142.5
          (i)
                Dividends paid by the Parent Company and distributions paid by SGT3 are franked at the corporate tax rate of 30%.

          (c) Franking credit balance of the Group
          As at 31 December 2018, franking credits available for use in future distributions amount to $113.3 million (31 December 2017: $132.3 million).




PAGE 48
                                                                                                                                          31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                                  $                  $


NOTE 9 NET TANGIBLE ASSET BACKING
Net tangible asset backing per security                                                                                                         4.46              4.24

Net tangible asset backing per security is calculated by dividing total equity attributable to stapled security holders of the Group by the
number of securities on issue. The number of securities used in the calculation of the consolidated net tangible asset backing is 5,304,295,769
(31 December 2017: 5,311,595,241).
                                                                                                                                          31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                              cents              cents


NOTE 10 EARNINGS PER SECURITY
(a) Summary of earnings per security
Basic earnings per stapled security attributable to members of Scentre Group                                                                  43.10              79.41
Diluted earnings per stapled security attributable to members of Scentre Group                                                                42.97              79.18
Basic earnings per SGL share                                                                                                                   3.66               2.40
Diluted earnings per SGL share                                                                                                                 3.64               2.39

(b) Income and security data
The following reflects the income data used in the calculations of basic and diluted earnings per stapled security:
                                                                                                                                          31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                            $million            $million

Earnings used in calculating basic earnings per stapled security (i) (ii)                                                                   2,287.2           4,217.9
Adjustment to earnings on options which are considered dilutive                                                                                   –                 –
Earnings used in calculating diluted earnings per stapled security                                                                          2,287.2           4,217.9
(i)
         Refer to the income statement for details of the profit after tax attributable to members of the Group.
(ii)
         Comprises net profit attributable to SGL of $194.0 million (31 December 2017: $127.5 million) and net profit attributable to members of SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3 of
         $2,093.2 million (31 December 2017: $4,090.4 million).
                                                                                                                                          31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                            $million            $million
Earnings used in calculating basic earnings per SGL share                                                                                     194.0              127.5
Adjustment to earnings on options which are considered dilutive                                                                                   –                  –
Earnings used in calculating diluted earnings per SGL share                                                                                   194.0              127.5

The following reflects the security data used in the calculations of basic and diluted earnings per stapled security:
                                                                                                                                           31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                          Number of          Number of
                                                                                                                                           securities         securities

Weighted average number of ordinary securities used in calculating basic earnings per stapled security                               5,307,143,233      5,311,595,241
Weighted average number of potential employee performance rights which, if securities were issued,
would be dilutive (iii)                                                                                                                 15,960,855         15,076,608
Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary securities used in calculating diluted earnings per
stapled security                                                                                                                     5,323,104,088      5,326,671,849
(iii)
         As at 31 December 2018, 10,973,955 (31 December 2017: 10,951,853) actual employee performance rights were on hand.

(c) Conversions, calls, subscription, issues or buy-back after 31 December 2018
There have been no conversions to, calls of, subscriptions for, issuance of new or potential ordinary securities or buy-back of securities since the
reporting date and before the completion of this report.

        Accounting Policies
        Earnings per security
        Basic earnings per security is calculated as net profit attributable to members divided by the weighted average number of ordinary securities.
        Diluted earnings per security is calculated as net profit attributable to members adjusted for any profit recognised in the period in relation to
        dilutive potential ordinary securities, divided by the weighted average number of ordinary securities and dilutive potential ordinary securities.




                                                                                                                        SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 49
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                                                                                31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                  $million          $million


          NOTE 11 CURRENCY GAIN/(LOSS)
          Net fair value gain/(loss) and associated credit risk on currency derivatives that do not qualify for hedge
          accounting                                                                                                                (30.4)              5.6
          Exchange differences (including amounts transferred from foreign currency translation reserve) on realisation of
          net investment in foreign operations                                                                                        0.7               0.8
                                                                                                                                    (29.7)              6.4


           Accounting Policies
           Translation of foreign currency transactions
           Foreign currency transactions are converted to Australian dollars at exchange rates ruling at the date of those transactions. Amounts
           payable and receivable in foreign currency at balance date are translated to Australian dollars at exchange rates ruling at that date. Exchange
           differences arising on the settlement of or on translating amounts payable or receivable in foreign currency at rates different from those at
           which they were translated on initial recognition, are recognised in the income statement in the period in which they arise, except where hedge
           accounting is applied.
           Refer to Notes 17 and 19 for other items included in currency gain/(loss).

                                                                                                                                31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                  $million          $million


          NOTE 12 FINANCING COSTS
          Gross financing costs (excluding net fair value gain/(loss) on interest rate hedges that do not qualify for
          hedge accounting)                                                                                                        (543.3)          (505.8)
          Financing costs capitalised to qualifying development projects and construction in progress                                43.0              24.4
          Financing costs                                                                                                          (500.3)          (481.4)
          Net fair value loss on interest rate hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting                                     (133.6)          (158.4)
          Net modification gain on refinanced borrowing facilities                                                                    9.9                  –
          Finance leases interest expense                                                                                            (2.3)              (2.2)
          Interest expense on other financial liabilities                                                                           (35.6)            (35.0)
          Net fair value loss on other financial liabilities                                                                        (23.2)            (77.8)
                                                                                                                                   (685.1)          (754.8)


           Accounting Policies
           Financing costs
           Financing costs include interest, amortisation of discounts or premiums relating to borrowings and other costs incurred in connection with
           the arrangement of borrowings. Financing costs are expensed as incurred unless they relate to a qualifying asset. A qualifying asset is an
           asset which generally takes more than 12 months to get ready for its intended use or sale. In these circumstances, the financing costs are
           capitalised to the cost of the asset. Where funds are borrowed by the Group for the acquisition or construction of a qualifying asset, the
           financing costs are capitalised.
           Refer to Note 17 for other items included in financing costs.




PAGE 50
                                                                                                                       31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                         $million           $million


NOTE 13 GAIN IN RESPECT OF CAPITAL TRANSACTIONS
Asset dispositions and capital costs
– proceeds from asset dispositions                                                                                           90.6            149.0
– less: carrying value of assets disposed and other capital costs                                                           (50.5)          (149.0)
Gain in respect of capital transactions                                                                                      40.1              0.0


NOTE 14 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
(a) Components of cash and cash equivalents
Cash                                                                                                                       206.1             174.0
Bank overdrafts                                                                                                                –                 –
Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                            206.1             174.0

(b) Reconciliation of profit after tax to net cash flows from operating activities
Profit after tax                                                                                                          2,295.9          4,231.4
Property revaluations                                                                                                    (1,060.5)        (3,056.7)
Share of equity accounted profit in excess of dividends/distributions received                                             (132.6)          (203.8)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                               (4.7)              1.8
Net fair value loss/(gain) and associated credit risk on currency derivatives                                                30.4              (5.6)
Exchange differences (including amounts transferred from foreign currency translation reserve) on realisation of
net investment in foreign operations                                                                                        (0.7)             (0.8)
Net fair value loss on interest rate hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting                                       133.6            158.4
Net modification gain on refinanced borrowing facilities                                                                    (9.9)                –
Net fair value loss on other financial liabilities                                                                          23.2             77.8
Gain from capital transactions                                                                                             (40.1)              0.0
Decrease in working capital attributable to operating activities                                                            64.7             22.6
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                 1,299.3          1,225.1


 Accounting Policies
 Cash and cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet comprise cash at bank and on hand and short term deposits with an original maturity of
 90 days or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash
 and cash equivalents are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, reduced by impairment losses. Interest income
 and impairment losses (if any) are recognised in the income statement.
 For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand and at bank, short term money market deposits
 and bank accepted bills of exchange readily converted to cash net of bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are carried at the principal amount.




                                                                                                       SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 51
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                                                                                   31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                     $million          $million


          NOTE 15 INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES
          Current
          Unsecured
          Commercial paper and uncommitted facilities
          – A$ denominated                                                                                                             729.9            979.6
          Notes payable
          – € denominated                                                                                                                  –           614.9
          – US$ denominated                                                                                                          1,064.7               –
          – A$ denominated                                                                                                             150.4               –
          Finance leases                                                                                                                 0.5             0.6
                                                                                                                                     1,945.5         1,595.1
          Non current
          Unsecured
          Bank loans
          – A$ denominated                                                                                                           2,350.0            828.0
          – NZ$ denominated                                                                                                            771.0            595.7
          Notes payable
          – € denominated                                                                                                            4,430.8         3,425.1
          – US$ denominated                                                                                                          2,981.3         3,649.6
          – £ denominated                                                                                                            1,448.2         1,384.3
          – A$ denominated                                                                                                             430.6           581.7
          Finance leases                                                                                                                39.9            40.7
          Secured
          Bank loans and mortgages
          – A$ denominated                                                                                                            245.8            223.5
                                                                                                                                   12,697.6         10,728.6
          Total interest bearing liabilities                                                                                       14,643.1         12,323.7

          The Group maintains a range of interest bearing liabilities. The sources of funding are spread over various counterparties to minimise credit risk
          and the terms of the instruments are negotiated to achieve a balance between capital availability and the cost of debt. Refer to Note 23 for details
          relating to fixed rate debt and derivatives which hedge floating rate liabilities.
                                                                                                                                   31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                     $million          $million

          (a) Summary of financing facilities
          Committed financing facilities available to the Group:
          Total financing facilities at the end of the year                                                                         16,556.4        14,891.9
          Total interest bearing liabilities                                                                                       (14,643.1)      (12,323.7)
          Total bank guarantees                                                                                                        (59.1)           (62.4)
          Available financing facilities                                                                                             1,854.2         2,505.8
          Cash                                                                                                                         206.1           174.0
          Financing resources available at the end of the year                                                                       2,060.3         2,679.8

          These facilities comprise fixed and floating rate notes and both secured and unsecured interest only floating rate facilities. Certain facilities are
          also subject to negative pledge arrangements which require the Group to comply with specific minimum financial and non-financial requirements.
          These facilities exclude the property linked notes liability of $696.9 million (31 December 2017: $673.7 million). Amounts which are denominated in
          foreign currencies are translated at exchange rates ruling at balance date.




PAGE 52
NOTE 15 INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                 Total                                  Total
                                                                                                      Committed               interest       Committed               interest
                                                                                                       financing              bearing         financing              bearing
                                                                                                        facilities          liabilities         facilities         liabilities
                                                                                                       31 Dec 18           31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17           31 Dec 17
                                                                                 Maturity Date           $million             $million          $million            $million

(b) Maturity profile of financing facilities and interest bearing liabilities
Year ending December 2018 (i)                                                                                  –                  –              615.5            1,595.1
Year ending December 2019 (i)                                                                            1,215.7            1,945.5            1,311.8            1,211.8
Year ending December 2020                                                                                1,887.2            1,267.9            2,167.9            1,824.4
Year ending December 2021                                                                                2,410.3            1,968.2            2,590.7            1,498.3
Year ending December 2022                                                                                2,005.1            1,181.0            2,423.5              723.5
Year ending December 2023                                                                                2,813.8            2,556.2            2,080.8            1,768.9
Year ending December 2024                                                                                2,159.8            1,659.8              922.9              922.9
Year ending December 2025                                                                                1,779.7            1,779.7            1,409.2            1,409.2
Year ending December 2026                                                                                  724.7              724.7              692.7              692.7
Year ending December 2027                                                                                  710.4              710.4              640.9              640.9
Year ending December 2028                                                                                  814.5              814.5                0.6                0.6
Due thereafter                                                                                              35.2               35.2               35.4               35.4
                                                                                                        16,556.4           14,643.1           14,891.9           12,323.7
Total financing facilities and interest bearing liabilities are comprised of:
Unsecured notes payable – € (ii)                                     Jul 20 to Apr 28                    4,430.8            4,430.8            4,040.0            4,040.0
Unsecured notes payable – US$ (ii)                                  Nov 19 to Mar 27                     4,046.0            4,046.0            3,649.6            3,649.6
Unsecured notes payable – £ (ii)                                     Apr 22 to Jul 26                    1,448.2            1,448.2            1,384.3            1,384.3
Unsecured notes payable – A$                                         Oct 19 to Jul 22                      581.0              581.0              581.7              581.7
Unsecured bank loan facilities                                      Mar 20 to Sep 25                     5,750.0            3,121.0            4,950.0            1,423.7
Unsecured commercial paper and uncommitted facility (i)                                                        –              729.9                  –              979.6
Secured bank loans and mortgages                                              Aug 20                       260.0              245.8              245.0              223.5
Finance leases                                                                                              40.4               40.4               41.3               41.3
                                                                                                        16,556.4           14,643.1           14,891.9           12,323.7
(i)
        Drawings on the Group’s commercial paper program and uncommitted facilities are in addition to the Group’s committed facilities and are classified as current
        interest bearing liabilities. These drawings may be refinanced by non current unsecured bank loan facilities.
(ii)
        The €, US$ and £ denominated notes payables are economically hedged using cross currency swaps with the same principal values to convert into A$ payables.

The Group consolidates Carindale Property Trust and the borrowings in this trust are secured by a mortgage over the trust’s interest in Westfield
Carindale and sundry property. The recorded fair value of Westfield Carindale and sundry property is $828.5 million (31 December 2017:
$813.6 million) compared to borrowings of $245.8 million (31 December 2017: $223.5 million).
                                                                                                                                              31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                                $million            $million

(c) Movements in interest bearing liabilities and currency derivatives hedging borrowings
in foreign currency, arising from financing activities
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                          12,070.1           11,340.0
Net proceeds from interest bearing liabilities                                                                                                 1,652.7              769.9
Effects of exchange rate changes and fair value loss/(gains) on currency derivatives                                                              55.8               (39.8)
Balance at the end of the year (i)                                                                                                            13,778.6           12,070.1
(i)
        Comprises total interest bearing liabilities of $14,643.1 million (31 December 2017: $12,323.7 million) less net receivables on currency derivatives hedging
        borrowings in foreign currency of $864.5 million (31 December 2017: $253.6 million) as disclosed in Note 17.


       Accounting Policies
       Interest bearing liabilities
       Interest bearing liabilities are recognised initially at the fair value of the consideration received less any directly attributable transaction costs.
       Subsequent to initial recognition, interest bearing liabilities are recorded at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.
       Interest bearing liabilities are classified as current liabilities where the liability has been drawn under a financing facility which expires within one
       year. Amounts drawn under financing facilities which expire after one year are classified as non current.
       Financing costs for interest bearing liabilities are recognised as an expense on an accruals basis.
       The fair value of the Group’s interest bearing borrowings as disclosed in Note 28 are determined as follows:
       –– Fair value of quoted notes and bonds is based on price quotations at the reporting date.
       –– The fair value of unquoted instruments, loans from banks, finance leases and other non current financial liabilities is estimated by
          discounting future cash flows using rates that approximate the Group’s borrowing rate at the balance date, for debt with similar maturity,
          credit risk and terms.




                                                                                                                           SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 53
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                                                                                     31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                       $million          $million


          NOTE 16 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
          Property linked notes                                                                                                          696.9            673.7
                                                                                                                                         696.9            673.7

          The Property Linked Notes (Notes) are designed to provide returns based on the economic performance of certain Westfield Australian super
          regional and regional shopping centres. When the Notes were originally issued, these centres were: Parramatta, Hornsby and Burwood in
          Sydney, Southland in Melbourne, Tea Tree Plaza in Adelaide and Belconnen in the Australian Capital Territory (collectively the Westfield centres).
          The return under the Notes is based on a proportional interest, in respect of the relevant Westfield centre, as specified in the Note (Reference
          Property Interest). Redemption events under the Notes include non performance events by the Issuer, changes in tax laws and sale of the relevant
          Westfield centre. The Notes may also be redeemed at a Review Date.
          The redemption value of a Note is effectively calculated as the market value of the Note holder’s Reference Property Interest at the date of
          redemption and the final coupon (if applicable). The Notes were initially recorded at fair value and are subsequently remeasured at fair value each
          reporting period. The fair value of the Notes is determined by reference to the fair value of the relevant Westfield centre with the gains or losses
          recorded through the income statement. Accordingly, the gains or losses recorded through the income statement are directly related to the
          revaluation of the relevant Westfield centre. On redemption, the obligation to pay the amount due on the Notes can, in certain circumstances,
          be satisfied by the transfer of the underlying Reference Property Interest to the Note holder. The Notes are subordinated to all other secured and
          unsecured debt of the Group. The Notes are guaranteed (on a subordinated basis) by the Parent Company and RE1 Limited as responsible entity
          of SGT2.
          In the prior year, $416.6 million of the Notes were repaid and terminated. The review dates for the remaining Notes linked to Parramatta,
          Southland and Hornsby are 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The coupon on the remaining Notes is payable quarterly on 15
          March, 15 June, 15 September and 15 December each year for as long as the Notes remain outstanding.

           Accounting Policies
           Other financial liabilities
           Other financial liabilities pertain to property linked notes. Where there is a minimum distribution entitlement and/or the redemption terms
           include the settlement for cash on redemption, the instrument is classified as a financial liability and is designated as fair value through the
           income statement.
           The fair value of property linked notes is determined by reference to the fair value of the underlying linked property investments.

                                                                                                                                     31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                       $million          $million


          NOTE 17 DERIVATIVE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
          (a) Derivative assets
          Current
          Receivables on currency derivatives hedging borrowings in foreign currency                                                     220.3                35.6
          Receivables on interest rate derivatives                                                                                         1.3                   –
                                                                                                                                         221.6                35.6
          Non current
          Receivables on currency derivatives hedging borrowings in foreign currency                                                     699.9            358.8
          Receivables on interest rate derivatives                                                                                       192.3            245.4
                                                                                                                                         892.2            604.2
          (b) Derivative liabilities
          Current
          Payables on interest rate derivatives                                                                                           12.3                 8.9
                                                                                                                                          12.3                 8.9
          Non current
          Payables on currency derivatives hedging borrowings in foreign currency                                                         55.7            140.8
          Payables on interest rate derivatives                                                                                          331.0            252.6
                                                                                                                                         386.7            393.4

          The Group presents the fair value mark to market of its derivative assets and derivative liabilities on a gross basis. However, certain derivative
          assets and liabilities are subject to legally enforceable master netting arrangements. As at 31 December 2018, when these netting arrangements
          are applied to the derivative portfolio, derivative assets of $1,113.8 million would be reduced by $364.5 million to the net amount of $749.3 million
          and derivative liabilities of $399.0 million would be reduced by $364.5 million to the net amount of $34.5 million. As at 31 December 2017,
          derivative assets of $639.8 million would be reduced by $369.6 million to the net amount of $270.2 million and derivative liabilities of
          $402.3 million would be reduced by $369.6 million to the net amount of $32.7 million.




PAGE 54
NOTE 17 DERIVATIVE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

      Accounting Policies
      Derivative financial instruments
      The Group utilises derivative financial instruments, including forward exchange contracts, interest rate options and currency and interest rate
      swaps to manage the risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations. Such derivative financial instruments are recognised
      at fair value.
      The Group has set defined policies and implemented a comprehensive hedging program to manage interest and exchange rate risks.
      Derivative instruments are transacted to achieve the economic outcomes in line with the Group’s treasury policy and hedging program.
      Derivative instruments are not transacted for speculative purposes. Accounting standards require detailed compliance with documentation,
      designation and effectiveness parameters before a derivative financial instrument is deemed to qualify for hedge accounting treatment.
      As these requirements are not met, derivative instruments, other than any currency derivatives that hedge net investments in foreign
      operations, are deemed not to qualify for hedge accounting and changes in fair value are recorded in the income statement.
      Gains or losses arising on the movements in the fair value of currency derivatives which hedge net investments in foreign operations are
      recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve. Where a currency derivative, or portion thereof, is deemed an ineffective hedge for
      accounting purposes, gains or losses thereon are recognised in the income statement. On disposal of a net investment in foreign operations,
      the cumulative gains or losses recognised previously in the foreign currency translation reserve are transferred to the income statement.
      The fair value of derivatives has been determined with reference to market observable inputs for contracts with similar maturity profiles. The
      valuation is a present value calculation which incorporates interest rate curves, foreign exchange spot and forward rates, option volatilities and
      the credit quality of all counterparties.

                                                                                                                                       31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                       Number of          Number of
                                                                                                                                        securities         securities


NOTE 18 CONTRIBUTED EQUITY
(a) Number of securities on issue
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                              5,311,595,241 5,311,595,241
Buy-back and cancellation of securities                                                                                              (7,299,472)            –
Balance at the end of the year (i)                                                                                                5,304,295,769 5,311,595,241
(i)
       The number of securities on issue as at 31 December 2018 was 5,316,997,206 (31 December 2017: 5,324,296,678). The Scentre Executive Option Plan Trust holds
       12,701,437 (31 December 2017: 12,701,437) securities in the Group, which have been consolidated and eliminated in accordance with accounting standards.

Holders of Scentre Group stapled securities have the right to receive declared dividends from the Parent Company and distributions from SGT1,
SGT2 and SGT3 and, in the event of winding up the Parent Company, SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3, to participate in the proceeds from the sale of all
surplus assets in proportion to the number of and amounts paid up on stapled securities held.
Holders of stapled securities can vote their shares and units in accordance with the Corporations Act, either in person or by proxy, at a meeting of
any of the Parent Company, SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3 (as the case may be).
                                                                                                                                        31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                          $million           $million

(b) Amount of contributed equity attributable to members of Scentre Group
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                    10,495.2          10,495.2
Buy-back and cancellation of securities and associated costs                                                                               (30.1)                –
Balance at the end of the year (i)                                                                                                      10,465.1          10,495.2
(i)
       Comprises contributed equity attributable to SGL of $673.3 million (31 December 2017: $674.4 million) and contributed equity attributable to members of SGT1,
       SGT2 and SGT3 of $9,791.8 million (31 December 2017: $9,820.8 million).


      Accounting Policies
      Contributed equity
      Issued and paid up capital is recognised at the fair value of the consideration received by the Group. Any transaction costs arising from the
      issue of ordinary securities are recognised directly in equity as a reduction of the proceeds received.




                                                                                                                      SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 55
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                                                                                                     31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                                       $million            $million


          NOTE 19 RESERVES
          Total reserves of the Group
          Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                                                            98.1               72.7
          Employee share plan benefits reserve                                                                                                            10.6               13.9
          Balance at the end of the year (i)                                                                                                             108.7               86.6
          Movement in foreign currency translation reserve
          The foreign currency translation reserve is used to record net exchange differences arising from the translation
          of the net investments, including qualifying hedges, in foreign controlled and equity accounted entities.
          Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                            72.7              101.1
          Foreign exchange movement
          –	realised and unrealised differences on the translation of investment in foreign operations and asset
               hedging derivatives which qualify for hedge accounting (ii)                                                                                26.1              (27.6)
          –	accumulated exchange differences transferred from foreign currency translation reserve on realisation
               of net investment in foreign operations                                                                                                    (0.7)               (0.8)
          Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                                  98.1               72.7
          (i)
                  Comprises reserves attributable to SGL of $10.5 million (31 December 2017: $12.8 million) and reserves attributable to members of SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3 of
                  $98.2 million (31 December 2017: $73.8 million).
          (ii)
                  Comprises net exchange gain on translation of foreign operations of $26.1 million (31 December 2017: loss of $33.9 million) and net realised and unrealised gain
                  on asset hedging derivatives which qualify for hedge accounting of nil (31 December 2017: $6.3 million).


                 Accounting Policies
                 Translation of accounts of foreign operations
                 The functional and presentation currency of the Parent Company and its Australian subsidiaries is Australian dollars. The functional currency
                 of the New Zealand entities is New Zealand dollars. The presentation currency of the overseas entities is Australian dollars to enable the
                 consolidated financial statements of the Group to be reported in a common currency.
                 The balance sheets of foreign subsidiaries and equity accounted investments are translated at exchange rates ruling at balance date and the
                 income statement of foreign subsidiaries and equity accounted investments are translated at average exchange rates for the period. Exchange
                 differences arising on translation of the interests in foreign operations are taken directly to the foreign currency translation reserve.
                 Refer to Note 17 for other items included in foreign currency translation reserve.

                                                                                                                                                     31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                        Note           $million            $million

          Movement in employee share plan benefits reserve
          The employee share plan benefits reserve is used to record the value of share based payments
          provided to employees as part of their remuneration.
          Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                            13.9               14.2
          –	movement in equity settled share based payment                                                                                               (3.3)               (0.3)
          Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                                  10.6               13.9

          NOTE 20 RETAINED PROFITS
          Movement in retained profits attributable to members of Scentre Group
          Balance at the beginning of the year, as reported                                                                                          11,952.1             8,876.7
          Impact of changes in accounting standards                                                                                       1(c)          (10.3)                  –
          Adjusted balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                              11,941.8             8,876.7
          Profit after tax for the period                                                                                                             2,287.2             4,217.9
          Dividends/distributions paid                                                                                                   8(b)        (1,165.1)           (1,142.5)
          Balance at the end of the year (i)                                                                                                         13,063.9           11,952.1
          (i)
                  Comprises retained profits attributable to SGL of $201.0 million (31 December 2017: $139.4 million) and retained profits attributable to members of SGT1, SGT2
                  and SGT3 of $12,862.9 million (31 December 2017: $11,812.7 million).




PAGE 56
NOTE 21 CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT                                               The Group has an established Board approved risk management
                                                                              framework including policies, procedures, limits and allowed types
The Group seeks to manage its capital requirements to maximise
                                                                              of derivative financial instruments. The Audit and Risk Committee
value to members through the mix of debt and equity funding, while
                                                                              reviews and oversees management’s compliance with these policies,
ensuring that Group entities:
                                                                              procedures and limits. The Audit and Risk Committee is assisted in its
–– comply with capital and distribution requirements of their                 oversight role by the Group’s Executive Risk Management Committee.
   constitutions and/or trust deeds;
                                                                              The Group uses different methods to measure and manage different
–– comply with capital requirements of relevant regulatory authorities;       types of risks to which it is exposed. These include monitoring levels
                                                                              of exposure to interest rates, foreign exchange, liquidity and credit
–– maintain strong investment grade credit ratings; and
                                                                              risk. The Group enters into derivative financial instruments, principally
–– continue to operate as going concerns.                                     interest rate swaps, interest rate options, cross currency swaps,
The Group assesses the adequacy of its capital requirements, cost of          forward exchange contracts and currency options. The purpose of
capital and gearing (i.e. debt/equity mix) as part of its broader strategic   these transactions is to manage the interest rate and currency risks
plan. The Group continuously reviews its capital structure to ensure:         arising from the Group’s operations, cash flows, interest bearing
                                                                              liabilities and its net investments in foreign operations. The Group
–– sufficient funds and financing facilities, on a cost effective basis,      seeks to deal only with creditworthy counterparties and these
   are available to implement the Group’s property development and            assessments are regularly reviewed. Liquidity risk is monitored through
   business acquisition strategies;                                           the use of future rolling cash flow forecasts.
–– financing facilities for unforeseen contingencies are maintained;
   and                                                                        NOTE 23 INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT
–– dividends/distributions to members are maintained within the               The Group is exposed to interest rate risk on its borrowings and
   stated distribution policy.                                                derivative financial instruments. This risk is managed by the Group by
                                                                              maintaining an appropriate mix between fixed and floating rate interest
The Group is able to alter its capital mix by issuing new stapled             bearing liabilities. Fixed rate debt is achieved either through fixed rate
securities and hybrid securities, establishing a distribution                 debt funding or through the use of derivative financial instruments
reinvestment plan, electing to have the distribution reinvestment             in accordance with a Board approved policy. These activities are
underwritten, adjusting the amount of distributions paid to                   evaluated regularly to determine that the Group is not exposed to
members, activating a security buy-back program, divesting                    interest rate movements that could adversely impact its ability to meet
assets or adjusting the timing of capital expenditure for its property        its financial obligations and to comply with its borrowing covenants.
redevelopment pipeline.
The Group also protects its equity in assets by taking out insurance.

NOTE 22 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash,
receivables, payables, interest bearing liabilities, other financial
liabilities and derivative financial instruments.
The Group manages its exposure to key financial risks in accordance
with the Group’s treasury risk management policies. These policies
have been established to manage the key financial risks such as
interest rate, foreign exchange, counterparty credit and liquidity.
The Group’s treasury risk management policies are established to
identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate
risk limits and controls to monitor risks and adherence to limits.
Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to
reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities.
The Group through its training and procedures, has developed a
control environment in which relevant treasury and finance personnel
understand their roles and obligations in respect of the Group’s
treasury management objectives.




                                                                                                           SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 57
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


          NOTE 23 INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
          Summary of interest rate positions at balance date
          The Group has interest rate risk on borrowings which are typically floating rate debt or notional borrowings entered into under currency
          derivatives. The exposures at reporting date together with the interest rate risk management transactions are as follows:
          (a) Interest payable and receivable exposures
                                                                                                                                                     31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                        Note           $million            $million

          Principal amounts of all interest bearing liabilities and derivative liabilities:
          Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                                   15          14,643.1           12,323.7
          Share of equity accounted entities’ interest bearing liabilities                                                               2(v)             0.4               19.2
          Cross currency swaps
          – A$                                                                                                                          24(b)         8,998.3            8,781.4
          Total interest bearing liabilities                                                                                                         23,641.8           21,124.3
          Principal amounts of all interest bearing assets and derivative assets:
          Cross currency swaps
          – £800.0 million (31 December 2017: £800.0 million)                                                                           24(b)         1,448.2             1,384.3
          – US$2,850.0 million (31 December 2017: US$2,850.0 million)                                                                   24(b)         4,046.0             3,649.6
          – €2,700.0 million (31 December 2017: €2,600.0 million)                                                                       24(b)         4,395.2             3,996.9
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                      2(v)           213.9               176.6
          Total interest bearing assets                                                                                                              10,103.3             9,207.4


            Principal amounts of net interest bearing liabilities                                                                                    13,538.5           11,916.9

          Principal amounts of fixed interest rate liabilities:
          Fixed rate debt
          – A$                                                                                                                          23(b)            580.0              580.0
          – £800.0 million (31 December 2017: £800.0 million)                                                                           23(b)          1,448.2            1,384.3
          – US$2,850.0 million (31 December 2017: US$2,850.0 million)                                                                   23(b)          4,046.0            3,649.6
          – €2,700.0 million (31 December 2017: €2,200.0 million)                                                                       23(b)          4,395.2            3,382.0
          Fixed rate derivatives
          – A$                                                                                                                          23(b)          8,297.3            8,678.5
          – NZ$510.0 million (31 December 2017: NZ$500.0 million)                                                                       23(b)            486.9              454.5
          Interest rate options
          – NZ$70.0 million (31 December 2017: NZ$70.0 million)                                                                         23(c)            66.8               63.6
          Principal amounts on which interest rate payable exposure has been hedged                                                                  19,320.4           18,192.5
          Principal amounts of fixed interest rate assets:
          Fixed rate derivatives
          – A$                                                                                                                          23(b)           150.0               150.0
          – £800.0 million (31 December 2017: £800.0 million)                                                                           23(b)         1,448.2             1,384.3
          – US$2,850.0 million (31 December 2017: US$2,850.0 million)                                                                   23(b)         4,046.0             3,649.6
          – €2,700.0 million (31 December 2017: €2,200.0 million)                                                                       23(b)         4,395.2             3,382.0
          Principal amounts on which interest rate receivable exposure has been hedged                                                               10,039.4             8,565.9


            Principal amounts of net interest bearing liabilities hedged by fixed rate debt and derivatives                                            9,281.0            9,626.6

          At 31 December 2018, the Group has hedged 69% of its net interest bearing liabilities by way of fixed rate borrowings, interest rate swaps and interest rate options
          of varying durations. The remaining 31% is exposed to floating rates on a principal payable of $4,257.5 million, at an average interest rate of 3.4%, including margin
          (31 December 2017: 81% hedged with floating exposure on a principal payable of $2,290.3 million at an average interest rate of 3.1%). Changes to the fair value of
          derivatives due to interest rate movements are set out in Notes 23(b) and 23(c).
          Interest rate sensitivity
          The sensitivity of interest expense to changes in the floating exposure interest rate is proportional. An increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would
          increase or decrease interest expense by $42.6 million (31 December 2017: $22.9 million) for each year thereafter.




PAGE 58
NOTE 23 INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
Summary of interest rate positions at balance date (continued)
(b) Fixed rate debt and interest rate swaps
Notional principal or contract amounts and contracted rates of the Group’s fixed rate debt and interest rate swaps:
                               Interest rate swaps          Fixed rate borrowings            Interest rate swaps            Fixed rate borrowings
                              31 Dec 18      31 Dec 18      31 Dec 18      31 Dec 18      31 Dec 17        31 Dec 17       31 Dec 17      31 Dec 17
Fixed rate debt and            Notional                                      Average        Notional                                        Average
swaps contracted as            principal                     Principal           rate       principal                       Principal           rate
at the reporting date           amount        Average         amount        including        amount          Average         amount        including
and outstanding at               million          rate         million        margin          million            rate         million        margin

A$ payable
31 December 2017                     –              –              –               –    A$(8,678.5)          2.88%         A$(580.0)         4.71%
31 December 2018            A$(8,297.3)        2.86%        A$(580.0)         4.71%     A$(8,265.0)          2.86%         A$(580.0)         4.71%
31 December 2019            A$(8,035.4)        2.81%        A$(430.0)         4.60%     A$(7,755.0)          2.82%         A$(430.0)         4.60%
31 December 2020            A$(6,523.4)        2.84%        A$(430.0)         4.60%     A$(6,245.0)          2.85%         A$(430.0)         4.60%
31 December 2021            A$(6,071.5)        2.87%         A$(30.0)         5.96%     A$(5,795.0)          2.88%          A$(30.0)         5.96%
31 December 2022            A$(5,059.6)        2.83%               –              –     A$(4,785.0)          2.84%                –              –
31 December 2023            A$(3,785.8)        2.83%               –              –     A$(3,515.0)          2.84%                –              –
31 December 2024            A$(2,767.9)        2.84%               –              –     A$(2,500.0)          2.86%                –              –
31 December 2025            A$(1,500.0)        2.94%               –              –     A$(1,500.0)          2.94%                –              –
31 December 2026             A$(500.0)         2.74%               –              –      A$(500.0)           2.74%                –              –
NZ$ payable
31 December 2017                    –               –               –               –    NZ$(500.0)          3.28%                 –                –
31 December 2018            NZ$(510.0)         3.08%                –               –    NZ$(410.0)          3.24%                 –                –
31 December 2019            NZ$(530.0)         3.14%                –               –    NZ$(430.0)          3.31%                 –                –
31 December 2020            NZ$(430.0)         3.21%                –               –    NZ$(380.0)          3.28%                 –                –
31 December 2021            NZ$(350.0)         3.14%                –               –    NZ$(300.0)          3.22%                 –                –
31 December 2022            NZ$(300.0)         3.09%                –               –    NZ$(250.0)          3.17%                 –                –
31 December 2023            NZ$(200.0)         3.15%                –               –    NZ$(200.0)          3.15%                 –                –
31 December 2024            NZ$(150.0)         3.18%                –               –    NZ$(150.0)          3.18%                 –                –
31 December 2025             NZ$(50.0)         3.29%                –               –     NZ$(50.0)          3.29%                 –                –
A$ receivable
31 December 2017                    –               –               –               –      A$150.0           3.05%                 –                –
31 December 2018              A$150.0          3.05%                –               –      A$150.0           3.05%                 –                –
£ receivable/(payable)
31 December 2017                     –              –              –              –         £800.0           3.13%          £(800.0)         3.13%
31 December 2018                £800.0         3.13%         £(800.0)        3.13%          £800.0           3.13%          £(800.0)         3.13%
31 December 2019                £800.0         3.13%         £(800.0)        3.13%          £800.0           3.13%          £(800.0)         3.13%
31 December 2020                £800.0         3.13%         £(800.0)        3.13%          £800.0           3.13%          £(800.0)         3.13%
31 December 2021                £800.0         3.13%         £(800.0)        3.13%          £800.0           3.13%          £(800.0)         3.13%
31 December 2022                £400.0         3.88%         £(400.0)        3.88%          £400.0           3.88%          £(400.0)         3.88%
31 December 2023                £400.0         3.88%         £(400.0)        3.88%          £400.0           3.88%          £(400.0)         3.88%
31 December 2024                £400.0         3.88%         £(400.0)        3.88%          £400.0           3.88%          £(400.0)         3.88%
31 December 2025                £400.0         3.88%         £(400.0)        3.88%          £400.0           3.88%          £(400.0)         3.88%
US$ receivable/(payable)
31 December 2017                –                   –              –              –     US$2,850.0           3.01%      US$(2,850.0)         3.01%
31 December 2018       US$2,850.0              3.01%     US$(2,850.0)        3.01%      US$2,850.0           3.01%      US$(2,850.0)         3.01%
31 December 2019       US$2,100.0              3.23%     US$(2,100.0)        3.23%      US$2,100.0           3.23%      US$(2,100.0)         3.23%
31 December 2020       US$2,100.0              3.23%     US$(2,100.0)        3.23%      US$2,100.0           3.23%      US$(2,100.0)         3.23%
31 December 2021       US$1,600.0              3.50%     US$(1,600.0)        3.50%      US$1,600.0           3.50%      US$(1,600.0)         3.50%
31 December 2022       US$1,600.0              3.50%     US$(1,600.0)        3.50%      US$1,600.0           3.50%      US$(1,600.0)         3.50%
31 December 2023       US$1,600.0              3.50%     US$(1,600.0)        3.50%      US$1,600.0           3.50%      US$(1,600.0)         3.50%
31 December 2024       US$1,600.0              3.50%     US$(1,600.0)        3.50%      US$1,600.0           3.50%      US$(1,600.0)         3.50%
31 December 2025         US$500.0              3.75%      US$(500.0)         3.75%       US$500.0            3.75%       US$(500.0)          3.75%
31 December 2026         US$500.0              3.75%      US$(500.0)         3.75%       US$500.0            3.75%       US$(500.0)          3.75%




                                                                                                        SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 59
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


          NOTE 23 INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
          Summary of interest rate positions at balance date (continued)
          (b) Fixed rate debt and interest rate swaps (continued)
                                                 Interest rate swaps                 Fixed rate borrowings                  Interest rate swaps             Fixed rate borrowings
                                               31 Dec 18          31 Dec 18          31 Dec 18         31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17         31 Dec 17      31 Dec 17         31 Dec 17
          Fixed rate debt and                   Notional                                                 Average           Notional                                           Average
          swaps contracted as                   principal                             Principal              rate          principal                        Principal             rate
          at the reporting date                  amount             Average            amount           including           amount            Average        amount          including
          and outstanding at                      million               rate            million           margin             million              rate        million          margin

          € receivable/(payable)
          31 December 2017                             –                  –                 –                     –      €2,200.0             2.07%       €(2,200.0)           2.07%
          31 December 2018                      €2,700.0             2.01%          €(2,700.0)               2.01%       €2,200.0             2.07%       €(2,200.0)           2.07%
          31 December 2019                      €2,700.0             2.01%          €(2,700.0)               2.01%       €2,200.0             2.07%       €(2,200.0)           2.07%
          31 December 2020                      €2,100.0             2.16%          €(2,100.0)               2.16%       €1,600.0             2.29%       €(1,600.0)           2.29%
          31 December 2021                      €2,100.0             2.16%          €(2,100.0)               2.16%       €1,600.0             2.29%       €(1,600.0)           2.29%
          31 December 2022                      €2,100.0             2.16%          €(2,100.0)               2.16%       €1,600.0             2.29%       €(1,600.0)           2.29%
          31 December 2023                      €1,100.0             2.02%          €(1,100.0)               2.02%        €600.0              2.25%         €(600.0)           2.25%
          31 December 2024                       €500.0              1.75%            €(500.0)               1.75%              –                 –               –                –
          31 December 2025                       €500.0              1.75%            €(500.0)               1.75%              –                 –               –                –
          31 December 2026                       €500.0              1.75%            €(500.0)               1.75%              –                 –               –                –
          31 December 2027                       €500.0              1.75%            €(500.0)               1.75%              –                 –               –                –
          The Group’s interest rate swaps do not meet the accounting requirements to qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Changes in fair value have been reflected in the
          income statement as a component of interest expense. At 31 December 2018, the aggregate fair value is a payable of $149.7 million (31 December 2017: payable of
          $15.0 million). The change in fair value for the year ended 31 December 2018 was a loss of $134.7 million (31 December 2017: loss of $158.8 million).
                                                                                                                                                         31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
          Fair value sensitivity                                                                                                                           $million            $million
                                                                                                                                       Interest rate              (Increase)/decrease
          The sensitivity of fair value of interest rate swaps to changes in interest rates is as follows:                               movement                   in interest expense
                                                                                                                                             -2.0%           190.0                59.3
                                                                                                                                             -1.0%             89.9               25.7
                                                                                                                                             -0.5%             42.0               10.2
                                                                                                                                              0.5%            (32.7)                (4.2)
                                                                                                                                              1.0%           (120.0)                (5.2)
                                                                                                                                              2.0%           (183.8)                0.3

          The assumed movement in basis points for the interest rate sensitivity analysis is based on the current observable market environment.
          All fixed rate borrowings are carried at amortised cost, therefore increases or decreases arising from changes in fair value have not been recorded in these
          financial statements.

          (c) Interest rate options
          Notional principal and contracted rates of the Group’s interest rate options:
                                                                                                         Interest rate options                                    Interest rate options
                                                                             31 Dec 18            31 Dec 18           31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17        31 Dec 17          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                   Notional                                                Notional
          Interest rate options contracted                                                         principal           Average                             principal          Average
          and outstanding as at the                                                                 amount               strike                             amount              strike
          reporting date                                                       Maturity              million              rates            Maturity          million             rates

          NZ$ payable collar                                                    Jan 19            NZ$(70.0) 3.39% / 5.25%                  Jan 19        NZ$(70.0) 3.39% / 5.25%
          The Group’s interest rate options do not meet the accounting requirements to qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Changes in fair value have been reflected in the
          income statement as a component of interest expense. At 31 December 2018, the aggregate fair value is nil (31 December 2017: payable of $1.1 million). The change
          in fair value for the year ended 31 December 2018 was a gain of $1.1 million (31 December 2017: gain of $0.3 million).
          The sensitivity of the fair value of interest rate options to changes in interest rates is insignificant.




PAGE 60
NOTE 24 EXCHANGE RATE RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group is exposed to exchange rate risk on its foreign currency earnings, its distribution and its foreign currency denominated shopping
centre assets and other assets. The Group manages these exposures by entering into foreign currency derivative instruments and by borrowing
in foreign currencies.
Summary of foreign currency balance sheet positions at balance date
(a) Foreign currency exposures
The Group’s foreign currency exposures at reporting date together with the foreign currency risk management transactions which have been
entered into to manage these exposures are as follows:
                                                                                                                                     31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                      Note              million            million

Foreign currency net investments
New Zealand Dollar
NZ$ net assets                                                                                                                 NZ$1,378.1            NZ$1,192.7
NZ$ borrowings                                                                                                                  NZ$(808.1)           NZ$(676.9)
NZ$ denominated net assets                                                                                                      NZ$570.0              NZ$515.8
US Dollar
US$ net assets                                                                                                                     US$0.4              US$0.6
US$ borrowings                                                                                                                 US$(2,850.0)        US$(2,850.0)
US$ cross currency swaps                                                                                              24(b)    US$2,850.0          US$2,850.0
US$ denominated net assets                                                                                                         US$0.4              US$0.6
British Pound
£ borrowings                                                                                                                          £(800.0)           £(800.0)
£ cross currency swaps                                                                                                24(b)            £800.0            £800.0
£ denominated net assets                                                                                                                    –                  –
Euro
€ net assets                                                                                                                                 –              €0.2
€ borrowings                                                                                                                         €(2,700.0)        €(2,600.0)
€ cross currency swaps                                                                                                24(b)           €2,700.0         €2,600.0
€ denominated net assets                                                                                                                     –              €0.2

The Group’s foreign currency net assets are subject to exchange rate risk. Gains and losses arising from translation of the Group’s foreign
currency denominated net assets, and, where applicable, associated hedging instruments, where the Group has satisfied the accounting
requirements to qualify for hedge accounting treatment, are reflected in the foreign currency translation reserve.
Where the Group does not satisfy the hedge accounting requirements, the changes in fair value are reflected in the income statement as either
foreign currency gains or losses as appropriate.
                                                                                                                                     31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17
Foreign currency sensitivity                                                                                                           $million           $million
The sensitivity of NZ$ denominated net assets to changes                                                           A$/NZ$                            Gain/(loss) to
in the year end A$/NZ$1.0474 rate (31 December 2017: 1.1002)                                                      Currency                        foreign currency
is as follows:                                                                                                   movement                      translation reserve
                                                                                                                 - 20 cents              128.4              104.2
                                                                                                                 - 10 cents               57.4                46.9
                                                                                                                  - 5 cents               27.3                22.3
                                                                                                                  + 5 cents               (24.8)             (20.4)
                                                                                                                 + 10 cents               (47.4)             (39.1)
                                                                                                                 + 20 cents               (87.3)             (72.1)

The assumed currency movement for the foreign currency sensitivity analysis is based on the current observable market environment.
The sensitivity of US$, £ and € denominated net assets to changes in exchange rates is insignificant.




                                                                                                                SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 61
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


          NOTE 24 EXCHANGE RATE RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
          (b) Cross currency swaps in respect of the Group’s foreign currency assets and liabilities
          The Group has transacted cross currency swaps in respect of its foreign currency assets and liabilities outstanding at reporting date. These
          contracts do not qualify as hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
                                                                Weighted average exchange rate                      Amount receivable/(payable) million
          Cross currency swaps contracted as at the
          reporting date and outstanding at                           31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17         31 Dec 18         31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17         31 Dec 17

          US$
          Contracts to receive US$ and pay A$
          31 December 2017                                                   –             0.8157                –                –          A$(3,493.7)      US$2,850.0
          31 December 2018                                              0.8157             0.8157       A$(3,493.7)      US$2,850.0          A$(3,493.7)      US$2,850.0
          31 December 2019                                              0.7925             0.7925       A$(2,650.0)      US$2,100.0          A$(2,650.0)      US$2,100.0
          31 December 2020                                              0.7925             0.7925       A$(2,650.0)      US$2,100.0          A$(2,650.0)      US$2,100.0
          31 December 2021                                              0.7995             0.7995       A$(2,001.2)      US$1,600.0          A$(2,001.2)      US$1,600.0
          31 December 2022                                              0.7995             0.7995       A$(2,001.2)      US$1,600.0          A$(2,001.2)      US$1,600.0
          31 December 2023                                              0.7995             0.7995       A$(2,001.2)      US$1,600.0          A$(2,001.2)      US$1,600.0
          31 December 2024                                              0.7995             0.7995       A$(2,001.2)      US$1,600.0          A$(2,001.2)      US$1,600.0
          31 December 2025                                              0.7666             0.7666        A$(652.3)        US$500.0            A$(652.3)        US$500.0
          31 December 2026                                              0.7666             0.7666        A$(652.3)        US$500.0            A$(652.3)        US$500.0
          £
          Contracts to receive £ and pay A$
          31 December 2017                                                    –            0.5311                –                  –        A$(1,506.2)           £800.0
          31 December 2018                                               0.5311            0.5311       A$(1,506.2)            £800.0        A$(1,506.2)           £800.0
          31 December 2019                                               0.5311            0.5311       A$(1,506.2)            £800.0        A$(1,506.2)           £800.0
          31 December 2020                                               0.5311            0.5311       A$(1,506.2)            £800.0        A$(1,506.2)           £800.0
          31 December 2021                                               0.5311            0.5311       A$(1,506.2)            £800.0        A$(1,506.2)           £800.0
          31 December 2022                                               0.5491            0.5491        A$(728.5)             £400.0         A$(728.5)            £400.0
          31 December 2023                                               0.5491            0.5491        A$(728.5)             £400.0         A$(728.5)            £400.0
          31 December 2024                                               0.5491            0.5491        A$(728.5)             £400.0         A$(728.5)            £400.0
          31 December 2025                                               0.5491            0.5491        A$(728.5)             £400.0         A$(728.5)            £400.0
          €
          Contracts to receive € and pay A$
          31 December 2017                                                    –            0.6876                –                  –        A$(3,781.5)         €2,600.0
          31 December 2018                                               0.6753            0.6870       A$(3,998.4)          €2,700.0        A$(3,202.3)         €2,200.0
          31 December 2019                                               0.6753            0.6870       A$(3,998.4)          €2,700.0        A$(3,202.3)         €2,200.0
          31 December 2020                                               0.6710            0.6857       A$(3,129.5)          €2,100.0        A$(2,333.3)         €1,600.0
          31 December 2021                                               0.6710            0.6857       A$(3,129.5)          €2,100.0        A$(2,333.3)         €1,600.0
          31 December 2022                                               0.6710            0.6857       A$(3,129.5)          €2,100.0        A$(2,333.3)         €1,600.0
          31 December 2023                                               0.6605            0.6903       A$(1,665.4)          €1,100.0         A$(869.2)            €600.0
          31 December 2024                                               0.6280                 –        A$(796.2)             €500.0                 –                 –
          31 December 2025                                               0.6280                 –        A$(796.2)             €500.0                 –                 –
          31 December 2026                                               0.6280                 –        A$(796.2)             €500.0                 –                 –
          31 December 2027                                               0.6280                 –        A$(796.2)             €500.0                 –                 –
          At 31 December 2018, none of the above described foreign currency derivatives qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Changes in fair value have been reflected in
          the income statement. At 31 December 2018, the aggregate fair value is a receivable of $864.5 million (31 December 2017: $253.6 million). The change in fair value
          for the year ended 31 December 2018 was a gain of $610.9 million (31 December 2017: loss of $37.0 million).
          The foreign currency receivable exposures above are matched to the foreign currency borrowings disclosed in Note 15, therefore the income statement is not
          affected by any movements in exchange rates in relation to these net positions.




PAGE 62
NOTE 25 CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group’s credit risk arises from financial assets such as cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and favourable derivative
financial instruments. Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to
the Group.
The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group
may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the
outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.
For cash and derivative instruments with banks and other financial institutions, credit limits have been established to ensure that the Group deals
only with approved counterparties and that counterparty concentration risk is addressed and the risk of loss is mitigated. Counterparty exposure
is measured as the aggregate of all obligations of any single legal entity or economic entity to the Group, after allowing for appropriate set offs
which are legally enforceable. A maximum credit limit is allocated to each counterparty based on its credit rating. The counterparty credit risk
associated with investment instruments is assessed based on its outstanding face value.
In accordance with the Group’s policy, credit risk in respect of cash and derivative financial instruments is spread among a number of
creditworthy counterparties within specified limits. The Group had 24% (31 December 2017: 22%) of its aggregate credit risk spread over two
counterparties each with an S&P long term rating of AA- or higher. The remainder is spread over counterparties each with less than 10% of the
aggregate credit risk and with an S&P long term rating of BBB+ or higher.
For trade and other receivables, there are no significant concentrations of credit risk. The Group also obtains security deposits from tenants in the
form of cash or bank guarantees which can be called upon if the tenant is in default under the terms of the lease contract.
The maximum exposure to credit risk at balance date is the aggregate of the carrying amounts of financial assets as disclosed in Note 28.

NOTE 26 LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group undertakes active liquidity and funding risk management to enable it to have sufficient funds available to meet its financial obligations
as and when they fall due, working capital and expected committed capital expenditure requirements. The Group prepares and monitors rolling
forecasts of liquidity requirements on the basis of expected cash flow.
Interest bearing liabilities, financing facilities and their respective maturity profiles are disclosed in Note 15. The maturity profiles of the principal
amounts of interest bearing liabilities including aggregate future estimated nominal interest and the estimated future nominal cashflows of
derivative financial instruments are set out below:
                                                                                                                                31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                  $million           $million

Interest bearing liabilities and interest
Due within one year                                                                                                              (2,329.5)          (1,923.1)
Due between one year and five years                                                                                              (8,034.9)          (6,243.4)
Due after five years                                                                                                             (6,003.1)          (5,759.6)
                                                                                                                                (16,367.5)        (13,926.1)
Comprising:
– principal amounts of current and non current interest bearing liabilities                                                     (14,643.1)        (12,323.7)
– aggregate future estimated nominal interest                                                                                    (1,724.4)          (1,602.4)
                                                                                                                                (16,367.5)        (13,926.1)
Derivatives inflows/(outflows)
Due within one year                                                                                                                  78.2            (122.7)
Due between one year and five years                                                                                                (115.5)           (380.9)
Due after five years                                                                                                                278.1              27.2
                                                                                                                                    240.8            (476.4)

Contingent liabilities are set out in Note 33 and are not included in the amounts shown above.

NOTE 27 FINANCIAL COVENANTS
The Group is required to comply with certain financial covenants in respect of its unsecured borrowing facilities and bond offerings. The major
financial covenants are summarised as follows:
a) Leverage ratio (net debt to net assets)
–– shall not exceed 65%
b) Secured debt ratio (secured debt to total assets)
–– shall not exceed 40% (and not exceed 45% on certain facilities)
c) Interest cover ratio (EBITDA to interest expense excluding gains or losses from mark to market)
–– at least 1.5 times
d) Unencumbered leverage ratio (unencumbered assets to unsecured debt)
–– at least 150% (and at least 125% on certain facilities)
At and during the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017, the Group was in compliance with all the above financial covenants.




                                                                                                               SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 63
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


          NOTE 28 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
          Set out below is a comparison by category of carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments.
                                                                                                                              Fair value                          Carrying amount
                                                                                                    Fair value        31 Dec 18            31 Dec 17           31 Dec 18           31 Dec 17
                                                                                                    Hierarchy           $million              $million           $million             $million

          Consolidated assets
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       206.1                174.0               206.1               174.0
          Trade and other receivables (i) (iii)                                                                           279.1                219.2               279.1               219.2
          Derivative assets (ii)                                                                     Level 2            1,113.8                639.8             1,113.8               639.8
          Consolidated liabilities
          Trade and other payables (i)                                                                                  1,148.0             1,096.1              1,148.0            1,096.1
          Interest bearing liabilities (ii)
          – Fixed rate debt                                                                          Level 2           10,656.5             9,421.8            10,506.1             9,040.8
          – Floating rate debt                                                                       Level 2            4,136.4             3,284.6             4,137.0             3,282.9
          Other financial liabilities (ii)                                                           Level 3              696.9               673.7               696.9               673.7
          Derivative liabilities (ii)                                                                Level 2              399.0               402.3               399.0               402.3
          (i)
                  These financial assets and liabilities are not subject to interest rate risk and the fair value approximates carrying amount.
          (ii)
                  These financial assets and liabilities are subject to interest rate and market risks, the basis of determining the fair value is set out in the fair value hierarchy below.
          (iii)
                  Loss allowance for trade and other receivables amounted to $25.9 million as at 31 December 2018. This includes $7.4 million of opening balance adjustment from
                  the adoption of AASB 9 effective 1 January 2018 and $0.1 million increase in loss allowance recognised in the income statement during the period.

          Determination of fair value
          The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of a financial instrument. The valuation techniques comprise:
          Level 1: the fair value is calculated using quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
          Level 2: the fair value is estimated using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly (as prices) or indirectly
          (derived from prices).
          Level 3: the fair value is estimated using inputs that are not based on observable market data.
          In assessing the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments, consideration is given to available market data and if the market for a financial
          instrument changes then the valuation technique applied will change accordingly.
          During the year, there were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 fair value measurements.
                                                                                                                                                         Property linked      Property linked
                                                                                                                                                                   notes(i)             notes(i)
                                                                                                                                                              31 Dec 18           31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                                                $million             $million

          Level 3 fair value movement
          Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                                     673.7            1,012.5
          Repayment of other financial liabilities                                                                                                                     –             (416.6)
          Net fair value loss included in financing costs in the income statement                                                                                   23.2               77.8
          Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                                           696.9              673.7
          (i)
                  The fair value of the property linked notes has been determined by reference to the fair value of the relevant Westfield shopping centres (refer to Note 16).

          Investment properties are considered Level 3, refer to Note 3: Investment Properties and Note 4: Details of shopping centre investments for
          relevant fair value disclosures.




PAGE 64
NOTE 29 OTHER SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES                                  (c) Goods and Services Tax (GST)
(a) Consolidation and classification                                           Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of
                                                                               GST except where the GST incurred on the purchase of goods and
This consolidated financial report comprises the financial statements
                                                                               services is not recoverable from the tax authority, in which case the
and notes to the financial statements of the Parent Company, and
                                                                               GST is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as
each of its controlled entities which includes SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3
                                                                               part of the expense item as applicable. Receivables and payables are
from the date the Parent Company obtained control and until such
                                                                               stated with the amounts of GST included.
time control ceased. The Parent Company and Subsidiaries are
collectively referred to as the economic entity known as the Group.            The net amount of GST payable or receivable to government
Where entities adopt accounting policies which differ from those of            authorities is included as part of receivables or payables on the
the Parent Company, adjustments have been made so as to achieve                balance sheet.
consistency within the Group.                                                  Cash flows are included in the cash flow statement on a gross basis
In preparing the consolidated financial statements all inter-entity            and the GST component of cash flows arising from investing and
transactions and balances, including unrealised profits arising from           financing activities, which is recoverable from, or payable to, the
intra-group transactions, have been eliminated in full. Unrealised             taxation authority is classified as operating cash flow.
losses are eliminated unless costs cannot be recovered.                        Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of the amount
i) Synchronisation of Financial Year                                           of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority.
By an order dated 27 June 2005, made by the Australian Securities              (d) Other financial instruments
and Investments Commission (ASIC) pursuant to subsection 340(1) of             The accounting policies adopted in relation to other material financial
the Corporations Act, the Directors of the Parent Company have been            instruments are detailed as follows:
relieved from compliance with subsection 323D(3) of the Corporations
Act insofar as that subsection requires them to ensure the financial           i) Trade and other receivables
year of the controlled entity Carindale Property Trust (CPT), coincides        Trade and other receivables are held to collect contractual cash flows
with the financial year of the Parent Company.                                 and these contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and
                                                                               interest. At initial recognition, these are measured at fair value.
Notwithstanding that the financial year of CPT ends on 30 June, the
consolidated financial statements have been prepared so as to include          Trade and other receivables are subsequently measured at amortised
the accounts for a period coinciding with the financial year of the            cost using the effective interest rate method, reduced by impairment
Parent Company being 31 December.                                              losses. Interest income and impairment losses are recognised in
                                                                               the income statement. The receivable is written off when there
ii) Joint arrangements
                                                                               is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash
Joint operations                                                               flows. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in the
The Group has significant co-ownership interests in a number of                income statement.
properties through unincorporated joint ventures. These interests
are held directly and jointly as tenants in common. The Group has              In assessing for impairment under AASB 9, the Group assesses on
the rights to the individual assets and obligations arising from these         a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with
interests and recognises its share of the net assets, liabilities, revenues    its financial assets carried at amortised cost. For trade receivables,
and expenses of the operation.                                                 the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by the standard,
                                                                               which requires lifetime expected losses to be recognised from initial
Joint ventures                                                                 recognition of the receivables.
The Group has significant co-ownership interests in a number of
properties through property partnerships or trusts. These joint                To measure the expected credit losses, trade debtors and other
ventures are accounted for using the equity method of accounting.              receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk
                                                                               characteristics and the days past due. The expected loss rates are
The Group and its joint ventures use consistent accounting policies.           based on outstanding balances, days past their due date and the
Investments in joint ventures are carried in the consolidated balance          corresponding historical credit losses experienced. Historical loss
sheet at cost plus post-acquisition changes in the Group’s share of            rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward looking information
net assets of the joint ventures. The consolidated income statement            on macroeconomic factors (including GDP) affecting the ability of
reflects the Group’s share of the results of operations of the                 customers to settle their debts.
joint ventures.
                                                                               In assessing for impairment in prior years prior to the adoption of
iii) Controlled entities                                                       AASB 9, collectability of trade and other receivables was reviewed
Where an entity either began or ceased to be a controlled entity               on an ongoing basis. Individual debts that are determined to be
during the reporting period, the results are included only from the            uncollectible are written off when identified. An impairment provision
date control commenced or up to the date control ceased. Non                   for doubtful debts is recognised when there is evidence that the Group
controlling interests are shown as a separate item in the consolidated         will not be able to collect the receivable.
financial statements.
                                                                               ii) Trade and other payables
(b) Goodwill                                                                   Trade and other payables are carried at amortised cost and due
Goodwill on acquisition is initially measured at cost being the excess         to their short term nature they are not discounted. They represent
of the cost of the business combination over the acquirer’s interest           liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the
in the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent   end of the financial year that are unpaid and arise when the Group
liabilities. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost       becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase
less any accumulated impairment losses and is not amortised.                   of these goods and services. The amounts are unsecured and are
                                                                               usually paid within 60 days.
                                                                               (e) Recoverable amount of assets
                                                                               At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any
                                                                               indication that an asset may be impaired. Where an indicator of the
                                                                               impairment exists, the Group makes an estimate of recoverable
                                                                               amount. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its
                                                                               recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written
                                                                               down to its recoverable amount.




                                                                                                           SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 65
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                                                                                            Number           Number
                                                                                                                                           of rights         of rights
                                                                                                                               Note       31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17


          NOTE 30 SHARE BASED PAYMENTS
          (a) Rights over Scentre Group stapled securities (i)
          – Performance rights – STAR                                                                                      30(b)(i)       3,638,973       4,289,143
          – Performance rights – LTAR                                                                                      30(b)(ii)      7,334,982       6,662,710
                                                                                                                                         10,973,955      10,951,853
          (i)
                 The exercise price for these rights is nil.

          (b) Equity settled share based payments
          (i) Performance rights – STAR – Equity settled over Scentre Group stapled securities (Performance rights – STAR)
                                                                                                                                            Number           Number
                                                                                                                                           of rights         of rights
                                                                                                                                          31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17

          Movement in Performance rights – STAR
          Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                            4,289,143       4,769,399
          Rights issued during the year                                                                                                   1,971,912       2,030,484
          Rights exercised during the year                                                                                               (2,110,228)     (2,325,919)
          Rights forfeited during the year                                                                                                 (511,854)       (184,821)
          Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                  3,638,973       4,289,143
                                                                                                        Fair value                          Fair value
                                                                                                          granted       Number of            granted       Number of
                                                                                                          $million        rights at(i)        $million       rights at(i)
          Vesting profile                                                                               31 Dec 18       31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17       31 Dec 17

          2018                                                                                                  –               –                7.5      2,302,179
          2019                                                                                                6.7       1,790,086                7.4      1,986,964
          2020                                                                                                6.8       1,848,887                  –              –
                                                                                                             13.5       3,638,973               14.9      4,289,143
          (i)
                 The exercise price for these rights is nil.


                Accounting Policies
                Performance rights – STAR
                The Performance rights – STAR is a plan in which senior executives and high performing employees participate. The fair value of the rights
                issued is measured at each grant date using a Black Scholes option pricing model. The inputs include the Group’s 10 day volume weighted
                average security price prior to the grant date, the risk free interest rate, expected volatility and expected dividend yield during the vesting
                period. Expected volatility is based on the historical security price volatility over the past 3 years. Executives are not able to call for early
                exercise of the rights, however there are provisions in the plan to allow for early vesting at the discretion of the Board. Vesting conditions
                such as the number of employees remaining in service is taken into account in determining the total amortisation for each reporting period.
                The terms of the Performance rights – STAR are described in section 8.7 of the Directors’ Report.




PAGE 66
NOTE 30 SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
(b) Equity settled share based payments (continued)
(ii) Performance rights – LTAR – Equity settled over Scentre Group stapled securities (Performance rights – LTAR)
                                                                                                                                  Number          Number
                                                                                                                                 of rights        of rights
                                                                                                                                31 Dec 18       31 Dec 17

Movement in Performance rights – LTAR
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                            6,662,710       5,881,891
Rights issued during the year                                                                                                   3,517,504       2,674,094
Rights exercised during the year                                                                                               (2,845,232)     (1,893,275)
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                  7,334,982       6,662,710
                                                                                              Fair value                         Fair value
                                                                                                granted       Number of           granted       Number of
                                                                                                $million        rights at(i)       $million       rights at(i)
Vesting profile                                                                               31 Dec 18       31 Dec 18         31 Dec 17       31 Dec 17

2018                                                                                                  –               –               8.3      2,737,114
2019                                                                                                9.6       2,646,917               9.0      2,523,743
2020                                                                                               11.2       3,014,399               5.0      1,401,853
2021                                                                                                6.1       1,673,666                 –              –
                                                                                                   26.9       7,334,982              22.3      6,662,710
(i)
       The exercise price for these rights is nil.


      Accounting Policies
      Performance rights – LTAR
      The senior leadership team of Scentre Group participate in the Performance rights – LTAR. The fair value of the rights issued is measured at
      each grant date using a Black Scholes option pricing model. The inputs include the Group’s 10 day volume weighted average security price
      prior to the grant date, the risk free interest rate, expected volatility and expected dividend yield during the vesting period. Expected volatility
      is based on the historical security price volatility over the past 3 years. Other vesting conditions include meeting the performance hurdles
      applicable under the Performance rights – LTAR as determined annually by the Human Resources Committee. The hurdles chosen by the
      Human Resources Committee for the 2018 qualifying year are set out in section 8.7(ii) of the Directors’ Report. Vesting conditions such as
      number of employees remaining in service is taken into account in determining the total amortisation for each reporting period. In calculating
      the Black Scholes’ value of rights granted it has been assumed that the performance hurdle conditions are met. The terms of the Performance
      rights – LTAR are described in section 8.7 of the Directors’ Report.


Accounting for equity settled share based payments
During the year, $18.5 million (31 December 2017: $14.5 million) was charged to the income statement as gross amortisation in respect of equity
settled share based payments and the corresponding entry is recorded against the employee share plan benefits reserve.
(c) Cash settled share based payments
(i) Performance rights – STAR – Cash settled over Westfield Corporation stapled securities (Performance rights – STAR (WFD))
                                                                                                                                  Number          Number
                                                                                                                                 of rights        of rights
                                                                                                                                31 Dec 18       31 Dec 17

Movement in Performance rights – STAR (WFD)
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                     –         59,319
Awards exercised during the year                                                                                                         –        (59,319)
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                           –              –

(ii) Performance rights – LTAR – Cash settled over Westfield Corporation stapled securities (Performance rights – LTAR (WFD))
                                                                                                                                  Number          Number
                                                                                                                                 of rights        of rights
                                                                                                                                31 Dec 18       31 Dec 17

Movement in Performance rights – LTAR (WFD)
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                     –        258,038
Awards exercised during the year                                                                                                         –       (258,038)
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                           –              –

Accounting for cash settled share based payments
The accounts of the Group and the remuneration disclosures in this Annual Report disclose the full liability to members of the grant of
performance rights under the Group’s performance rights plans, and not simply the amortisation of the nominal amount of the grant when it
was originally made. At the date of granting a performance right, the nominal value is adjusted for anticipated increases in the value of that
performance right over its life.
Assumptions regarding both future distributions and security price increases are made to estimate the Group’s future liability with respect to each
performance right. The estimated future liability is then amortised over the life of the performance right. At the end of each accounting period (and
at the date of settlement) the performance rights are adjusted to fair market value with any adjustments recognised in the profit or loss.
During the year, nil (31 December 2017: $0.2 million) was charged to the income statement as gross amortisation in respect of cash settled share
based payments.




                                                                                                              SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 67
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                                                                                  31 Dec 18       31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                    $million         $million


          NOTE 31 LEASE COMMITMENTS
          Operating lease receivables
          The following is prepared on a proportionate basis which includes both consolidated and equity accounted
          lease commitments.
          Substantially all of the property owned and leased by the Group is leased to third party retailers. Lease terms
          vary between retailers and some leases include percentage rental payments based on sales revenue.
          Future minimum rental revenues under non cancellable operating property leases:
          Due within one year                                                                                                      1,635.2          1,535.2
          Due between one and five years                                                                                           4,088.9          3,899.3
          Due after five years                                                                                                     2,135.1          2,100.2
                                                                                                                                   7,859.2          7,534.7

          These amounts do not include percentage rentals which may become receivable under certain leases on the basis of retailer sales in excess of
          stipulated minimums and do not include recovery of outgoings.
                                                                                                                                  31 Dec 18       31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                    $million         $million


          NOTE 32 CAPITAL EXPENDITURE COMMITMENTS
          The following is prepared on a proportionate basis which includes both consolidated and equity accounted
          capital expenditure commitments.
          Estimated capital expenditure committed at balance date but not provided for in relation to development projects:
          Due within one year                                                                                                        223.4            547.4
          Due between one and five years                                                                                              17.0            374.4
                                                                                                                                     240.4            921.8

          NOTE 33 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
          The following is prepared on a proportionate basis which includes both consolidated and equity accounted
          contingent liabilities.
          Performance guarantees                                                                                                       79.9            91.1
                                                                                                                                       79.9            91.1

          Entities of Scentre Group have provided guarantees in respect of certain Westfield Corporation Limited joint venture operations in the United
          Kingdom. Under the Restructure and Merger Implementation Deed, the entities of Scentre Group and Westfield Corporation have cross
          indemnified each other for any claims that may be made or payment that may be required under such guarantees. On 7 June 2018, Unibail-
          Rodamco-Westfield acquired the entities of Westfield Corporation, including Westfield Corporation Limited.
          The Group’s obligation in respect of performance guarantees may be called on at anytime dependant upon the performance or non performance
          of certain third parties.
          From time to time, in the normal course of business, the Group is involved in lawsuits. The Directors believe that the ultimate outcome of such
          pending litigation will not materially affect the results of operations or the financial position of the Group.




PAGE 68
                                                                                                                                           31 Dec 18          31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                             $million            $million


NOTE 34 PARENT COMPANY
The Parent Company financial information is presented in accordance with the amendments to the Corporations
Regulations 2001 and the Corporations Amendment Regulations 2010 (No. 6). Summary data of the Parent
Company is disclosed as follows:
(a) Assets
Current assets                                                                                                                                 977.5              978.5
Non current assets                                                                                                                           4,808.2            4,762.3
Total assets                                                                                                                                 5,785.7            5,740.8
(b) Liabilities
Current liabilities                                                                                                                          1,663.5            1,680.1
Non current liabilities                                                                                                                         55.0               54.8
Total liabilities                                                                                                                            1,718.5            1,734.9
(c) Equity
Contributed equity                                                                                                                             370.0              371.1
Employee share plan benefits reserve                                                                                                             3.0                 3.0
Asset revaluation reserve                                                                                                                    3,587.6            3,542.7
Reserves (i)                                                                                                                                   157.6              140.1
Retained profits                                                                                                                               (51.0)              (51.0)
Total equity                                                                                                                                 4,067.2            4,005.9
(d) Comprehensive income
Profit after tax for the period                                                                                                                142.6              108.3
Other comprehensive income                                                                                                                      44.9              294.2
Total comprehensive income for the period                                                                                                      187.5              402.5
(e) Contingent liabilities
Guaranteed borrowings of controlled entities (ii)                                                                                           14,774.7          12,420.7
Total contingent liabilities                                                                                                                14,774.7          12,420.7
(i)
       The Directors of the Parent Company approved the transfer of $142.6 million of the Parent Company’s profit for the 2018 financial year to reserves. In 2017, the
       Directors of the Parent Company approved the transfer of $108.3 million of the Parent Company’s profit for the 2017 financial year to reserves.
(ii)
       The Parent Company has entered into guarantee arrangements with SGT1, SGT2, SGT3 and a number of associated finance subsidiaries on a joint and several
       basis covering the Group’s banking facilities and debt issuances. Under the arrangements, the Parent Company is guaranteed by, and is guarantor to SGT1,
       SGT2, SGT3 and the finance subsidiaries.

NOTE 35 SUBSIDIARIES
Financial information of SGT1 and SGT2 are provided below as they have material non controlling interests:
Scentre Group Trust 1
As at 31 December 2018, SGT1 held current assets of $0.4 billion, non current assets of $20.2 billion, current liabilities of $3.0 billion and non
current liabilities of $8.1 billion (31 December 2017: current assets of $1.0 billion, non current assets of $18.8 billion, current liabilities of $2.3 billion
and non current liabilities of $8.6 billion).
As at 31 December 2018, the total equity held by SGT1 was $9.5 billion (31 December 2017: $8.9 billion).
The profit after tax for the period was $962.0 million and total comprehensive income was $974.0 million (31 December 2017: profit after tax
for the period was $1,886.3 million and total comprehensive income was $1,870.0 million). The revenue for the period was $616.7 million
(31 December 2017: $590.6 million).
Scentre Group Trust 2
As at 31 December 2018, SGT2 held current assets of $0.2 billion, non current assets of $19.1 billion, current liabilities of $1.1 billion and non
current liabilities of $4.6 billion (31 December 2017: current assets of $0.1 billion, non current assets of $17.3 billion, current liabilities of $2.0 billion
and non current liabilities of $2.2 billion).
As at 31 December 2018, the total equity held by SGT2 was $13.6 billion (31 December 2017: $13.2 billion).
The profit after tax for the period was $1,129.6 million and total comprehensive income was $1,141.6 million (31 December 2017: profit after
tax for the period was $2,205.1 million and total comprehensive income was $2,189.6 million). The revenue for the period was $580.0 million
(31 December 2017: $543.2 million).




                                                                                                                         SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 69
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                                                                                  31 Dec 18        31 Dec 17
                                                                                                                                       $000            $000


          NOTE 36 AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
          Amounts received or due and receivable by the auditor of the Parent Company and any other entity in the Group for:
          – Audit or review of the financial reports                                                                                  2,935           3,035
          – Assurance and compliance services                                                                                           920             662
          – Technical accounting advice and services (i)                                                                                 30             270
                                                                                                                                      3,885           3,967
          Amounts received or due and receivable by affiliates of the auditor of the Parent Company for:
          – Audit or review of the financial reports                                                                                    260             288
          – Assurance and compliance services                                                                                             –               8
                                                                                                                                        260             296
                                                                                                                                      4,145           4,263
          (i)
                These amounts represent non-audit services provided by the auditor.

          NOTE 37 SUPERANNUATION COMMITMENTS
          The Group sponsors accumulation style superannuation funds to provide retirement benefits to its employees. There are no unfunded liabilities
          in respect of these superannuation funds and plans. The Group does not sponsor defined benefits style superannuation funds and plans.

          NOTE 38 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
          Information required to be disclosed concerning relationships, transactions and balances with related parties of the Group is set out in this Note
          unless disclosed elsewhere in this financial report.
          Nature of relationship with related parties
          Key Management Personnel of the entity
          Refer to Note 39 and the Remuneration Report in the Directors’ Report for details of Key Management Personnel.
          Other Related Parties
          LFG Services Pty Limited and The Lowy Institute for International Policy (LFG), their related entities and other entities controlled by members of
          the Lowy family are considered to be related parties of the Group. This is due to LFG being under the control or significant influence of Mr Steven
          Lowy, a non-executive Director of the Group.
          Transactions and their terms and conditions with related parties
          Transactions with Key Management Personnel of the entity
          Refer to Note 39 and the Remuneration Report in the Directors’ Report for remuneration of Key Management Personnel.
          Transactions with Other Related Parties
          The Group has an agreement with LFG to provide office space and other services. The Group charged LFG $3,180,208 (31 December 2017:
          $2,001,870) for the lease of office space and other services on commercial arm’s length terms.
          There were no amounts payable to or receivable from LFG as at 31 December 2018 (31 December 2017: nil).
          No provision for doubtful debts has been recognised or bad debts incurred with respect to amounts payable or receivable from LFG for the year
          ended 31 December 2018 (31 December 2017: nil).
          The Group has established protocols governing transactions with related parties which are monitored and reviewed by the Audit and
          Risk Committee.




PAGE 70
NOTE 39 DETAILS AND REMUNERATION OF KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
Key Management Personnel are those individuals having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities
of the Group, either directly or indirectly. The non-executive Directors, Chief Executive Officer and other senior executives are considered Key
Management Personnel.
(a) Key Management Personnel
As at 31 December 2018, the Board comprises the following directors:
Brian Schwartz AM				                                          Non-Executive Chairman
Peter Allen				                                                Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
Andrew Harmos				Non-Executive Director
Michael Ihlein				Non-Executive Director
Carolyn Kay				Non-Executive Director
Aliza Knox				Non-Executive Director
Steven Lowy AM				                                             Non-Executive Director
Margaret Seale				Non-Executive Director
In addition to the Chief Executive Officer, during the year the following executives were Key Management Personnel:
Mark Bloom				                                                 Chief Financial Officer
Greg Miles				                                                 Chief Operating Officer
Steven Lowy will retire from his role as a Non-Executive Director and Mark Bloom will retire from his role as Chief Financial Officer at the Group’s
AGM on 4 April 2019.
(b) Remuneration of Key Management Personnel
The amounts below represent the total remuneration amounts for Key Management Personnel (KMP). A detailed discussion on KMP
remuneration is in the Directors’ Report rather than the financial report so as to avoid duplication of information. As such, refer to the
Remuneration Report (which has been audited) in the Directors’ Report for further details concerning disclosure of KMP remuneration.
The aggregate remuneration for the twelve months was:
                                                                                                                  Post     Termination            Share
                                                            Short term benefits                             Employment        Benefits            Based            TOTAL
                                                                                                                                            Amortisation
                                                                                               Other                                         of cash and
                                                                                           short term         Other post                   equity settled
                                             Fixed              Cash    Non-monetary        employee         employment      Termination    share based
                                       remuneration(i)          STAR         benefits        benefits(ii)       benefits        benefits       payments(iii)
Key Management Personnel                          $                $                $               $                  $               $                $               $

Key management personnel – directors
31 December 2018         4,258,250                       1,695,750                 –        102,692                   –               –     3,937,901           9,994,593
31 December 2017         4,200,000                       1,740,375                 –         (12,692)                 –               –     3,713,214           9,640,897
Key management personnel – non directors
31 December 2018         2,600,000    2,077,250                                    –          1,577                   –               –     3,448,199           8,127,026
31 December 2017         2,600,000    2,133,250                                    –         67,730                   –               –     2,694,418           7,495,398
Total key management personnel
31 December 2018          6,858,250                      3,773,000                 –        104,269                   –               –     7,386,100          18,121,619
31 December 2017          6,800,000                      3,873,625                 –         55,038                   –               –     6,407,632          17,136,295
(i)
        Fixed remuneration is inclusive of statutory superannuation benefits.
(ii)
        Comprising annual leave and long service leave entitlements.
(iii)
        Refer to the Remuneration Report in the Directors’ Report for further details regarding the operation of share based payments.

(c) Rights held by Key Management Personnel
Rights held by executive Key Management Personnel under the Group’s equity-linked incentive plans are disclosed in the Remuneration Report.
(d) Other transactions and balances with Key Management Personnel
During the financial year, transactions occurred between the Group and Key Management Personnel which were within normal employee,
customer or supplier relationships on terms and conditions no more favourable than those available to other employees, customers or suppliers,
being the performance of contracts of employment, the reimbursement of expenses, and the payment of dividends/distributions by the Group in
respect of stapled securities held in the Group.




                                                                                                                           SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 71
          Notes to the Financial Statements
          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


          NOTE 40 DETAILS OF MATERIAL AND SIGNIFICANT ENTITIES
                                                                                       31 Dec 18 – Interest                                   31 Dec 17 – Interest
                                                                                Beneficial (i)                                          Beneficial (i)
                                                                                                              Consolidated                                           Consolidated
                                                                           Parent                Scentre         or Equity          Parent               Scentre         or Equity
                                                                         Company                  Group         accounted         Company                 Group        accounted
          Name of entity                                                       %                      %                 %               %                     %                %

          ENTITIES INCORPORATED
          IN AUSTRALIA
          Parent Company
          Scentre Group Limited                                              100.0                100.0             100.0            100.0               100.0             100.0
          Consolidated Controlled Entities
          Scentre Group Trust 1                                                  –                100.0             100.0                –               100.0             100.0
          Scentre Group Trust 2                                                  –                100.0             100.0                –               100.0             100.0
          Scentre Group Trust 3                                                  –                100.0             100.0                –               100.0             100.0
          Scentre Finance (Aust) Limited                                     100.0                100.0             100.0            100.0               100.0             100.0
          Scentre Limited                                                    100.0                100.0             100.0            100.0               100.0             100.0
          ENTITIES INCORPORATED
          IN NEW ZEALAND
          Consolidated Controlled Entities
          RE (NZ) Finance Limited                                                  –              100.0             100.0                 –              100.0             100.0
          RE (NZ) Finance No. 2 Limited                                            –              100.0             100.0                 –              100.0             100.0
          Scentre NZ Holdings Limited                                              –              100.0             100.0                 –              100.0             100.0
          SCG1 Finance (NZ) Limited                                                –              100.0             100.0                 –              100.0             100.0
          SCG1 Finance (NZ) No. 2 Limited                                          –              100.0             100.0                 –              100.0             100.0
          (i)
                Beneficial interest in underlying controlled and equity accounted entities reflects the Parent Company being Scentre Group Limited and its subsidiaries (excluding
                SGT1, SGT2 and SGT3) and Scentre Group’s ownership interest as determined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).




PAGE 72
Directors’ Declaration
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


The Directors of Scentre Group Limited (Company) declare that:

(a)	in the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become
     due and payable;

(b) in the Directors’ opinion, the Financial Statements and notes thereto are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

   (i) complying with accounting standards and regulations in accordance with section 296 of the Corporations Act 2001;

   (ii)	giving a true and fair view of the financial position as at 31 December 2018 and the performance of the consolidated entity for the year
         ended on that date in accordance with section 297 of the Corporations Act 2001;

   (iii) the International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; and

(c) they have been provided with the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

Made on 20 February 2019 in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.




Brian Schwartz AM			 Michael Ihlein
Chairman			 Director

20 February 2019




                                                                                                         SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 73
          Corporate Governance Statement

          Introduction
          Scentre Group (i) is committed to ensuring that its policies and practices reflect a high standard of corporate governance. During 2018, the
          Group’s corporate governance framework remained consistent with the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles
          and Recommendations (published in 2014) (Principles and Recommendations).
          Our governance framework is outlined in the diagram below. Our corporate governance documentation, including this statement and the charters
          and policies referred to in it, are available in the corporate governance section on our website www.scentregroup.com/About-Us/Corporate-
          Governance. This corporate governance statement was approved by the Scentre Group Board and is current as at 20 February 2019.



                                                                           GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK

                                                           Delegation
                        Chief Executive Officer                                     Board of Directors
                                                           Delegated
                                                            authority



                                                                                    Board Committees




                                             Audit and Risk                             Nomination                            Human Resources
                                              Committee                                 Committee                               Committee




                                                                             Key Management Committees




                                          Executive Risk                                                                       Treasury Finance
                                                                                  Executive Committee
                                       Management Committee                                                                       Committee


          The Board comprises seven non-executive Directors and one executive Director (being the Chief Executive Officer (CEO)/Managing Director).
          The period of office (ii) held by, and the independence status of, each Director is set out below.
                                                                                                                                                                Independent
          Name                                   Position Held                            Last elected or re-elected at an AGM                                         (Y/N)
          Brian Schwartz                         Non-Executive Chairman                   5 May 2016: Standing for re-election at 2019 AGM                                    Y
          Peter Allen                            CEO/Executive Director                   N/A                                                                                 N
          Andrew Harmos                          Non-Executive Director                   5 April 2017                                                                        Y
          Michael Ihlein                         Non-Executive Director                   5 May 2016: Standing for re-election at 2019 AGM                                    Y
          Carolyn Kay                            Non-Executive Director                   5 April 2018                                                                        Y
          Aliza Knox                             Non-Executive Director                   5 April 2017                                                                        Y
          Steven Lowy                            Non-Executive Director                   5 May 2016: Retiring at the end of the 2019 AGM                                     N
          Margaret Seale                         Non-Executive Director                   5 April 2018                                                                        Y

          Our governance practices, as against the 8 central principles of the Principles and Recommendations, are outlined below.




          (i)
                 Scentre Group is a stapled entity comprising Scentre Group Limited, Scentre Group Trust 1, Scentre Group Trust 2 and Scentre Group Trust 3. The Boards
                 of Scentre Group Limited, Scentre Management Limited (as responsible entity of Scentre Group Trust 1), RE1 Limited (as responsible entity of Scentre Group
                 Trust 2) and RE2 Limited (as responsible entity of Scentre Group Trust 3) are identical. Each Board has adopted a common Board Charter which sets out the
                 objectives and responsibilities of the Scentre Group Board. Each Board Committee operates as one “Scentre Group” Committee.
          (ii)
                 Scentre Group was established on 30 June 2014. Prior to that date, Scentre Group Limited and Scentre Management Limited formed part of the prior Westfield
                 Group and the appointment dates of Mr Schwartz (6 May 2009), Mr Allen (25 May 2011) and Mr Lowy (28 June 1989) pre-date the establishment of Scentre
                 Group. Mr Harmos and Mr Ihlein were both appointed to Scentre Group Limited and Scentre Management Limited on 30 June 2014 (the appointment date to RE1
                 Limited and RE2 Limited, which formed part of the prior Westfield Retail Trust, was 21 December 2010). Ms Knox was appointed to each board on 7 May 2015
                 and Ms Kay and Ms Seale on 24 February 2016.



PAGE 74
PRINCIPLE 1: LAY SOLID FOUNDATIONS FOR                                       The CEO is assisted by the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Chief
MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT                                                     Operating Officer (COO) and other members of the Executive Committee.
1.1 Responsibilities of Board and management                                 The CEO together with the Executive Committee is responsible to the
The Board is responsible for overseeing the effective management             Board for the development and implementation of strategy and the
and operation of the Group. The Board seeks to ensure that the               overall management and performance of the Group.
business objectives of the Group are aligned with the expectations of        The CEO reports regularly to the Board on the progress being made
securityholders and that the operations of the Group are effectively         by the Group in all aspects of the business including customer
managed in a manner that is focused on those business objectives,            experience, retail partnerships, developments, capital markets and
as well as meeting all regulatory and ethical requirements.                  potential new business opportunities.
The number of, and attendance at, Board and Committee meetings               The CFO also provides comprehensive reports on the Group’s
during the year is set out in the Directors’ Report.                         financial performance and other relevant matters such as the Group’s
Board Charter                                                                gearing and liquidity.
The Board Charter sets out the primary objectives of the Board and           1.2 New appointments/Re-election of Directors
the practices and processes the Board has adopted to discharge               Appropriate checks are undertaken before a new candidate is
its responsibilities including the matters reserved for the Board and        recommended to the Board for appointment. These include checks
the delegation of authority to the CEO and other senior executives,          as to the candidate’s experience, educational qualifications, character,
including the limits on the execution of that authority by those officers.   criminal record and bankruptcy history which are carried out by an
This framework ensures accountability and a balance of authority             external consultant.
by clearly defining the respective roles and responsibilities of the         As noted at 2.1 ‘Structure of the Board and role of the Nomination
Board and the senior executive team. In turn, this enables the Board         Committee’, the Board, on the recommendation of the Nomination
to maintain its focus on strategic guidance while exercising effective       Committee, determines if it will endorse a Director retiring under the
oversight of the Group.                                                      Company’s constitution or Listing Rules for re-election.
Key responsibilities of the Board are to:                                    1.3 Written agreements with Directors
–– define the Group’s purpose and setting the strategic objectives           New Directors receive a letter of appointment which sets out the key
   of the Group;                                                             terms and conditions of their appointment.
–– instil the Group’s culture and values;                                    The letter of appointment clearly defines the role of Directors,
                                                                             including expectations in terms of independence, participation, time
–– approve and monitor key budgets, business plans, financial                commitment and continuous development. Directors are required to
   statements, financial policies and financial reporting;                   disclose, on an ongoing basis, circumstances that may affect, or be
–– establish, promote and maintain proper processes and controls             perceived to affect, their ability to exercise independent judgment so
   and to maintain the integrity of financial accounting, financial          that the Board can determine independence on a regular basis. The
   records and reporting;                                                    letter also provides that if a Director ceases to be a Director of Scentre
                                                                             Group Limited for any reason, they must also resign as a Director of
–– develop and implement key corporate policies, procedures
                                                                             Scentre Management Limited, RE1 Limited and RE2 Limited.
   and controls as necessary to ensure appropriate standards of
   accountability, risk management and corporate governance                  Procedures are also set out by which Directors are able to take
   and responsibility;                                                       independent, professional advice at the Group’s expense. Directors
                                                                             are encouraged to direct any enquiries or requests for additional
–– oversee the adequacy of managerial resources to ensure there is
                                                                             information to the Company Secretary, who will facilitate a response to
   adequate depth of resources and appropriate succession planning;
                                                                             the query and/or provide the Director with the requested information.
–– monitor the performance of senior executives and the                      Directors also have access to key members of the senior executive
   implementation of strategy;                                               team, who regularly attend Board meetings to make presentations.
–– approve proposals for major new investments, capital expenditure          1.4 Role of the Company Secretary
   and capital management initiatives as proposed by management;             The Company Secretary is directly accountable to the Board, through
–– ensure that securityholders receive high quality, relevant and            the Chairman, on all matters relating to the proper functioning of the
   accurate information in a timely manner and that investors generally      Board and its Committees. The Company Secretary works with the
   are able to trade in Scentre Group’s securities in a market which is      Chairman, the Board and the Board Committees and is responsible
   efficient, competitive and informed;                                      for ensuring the smooth running of the Board and Board Committees
                                                                             and that all governance matters are properly addressed. All Directors
–– determine and adopt distribution policies; and                            have access to the Company Secretary for the purpose of obtaining
–– oversee compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations.             information or advice.
Board Committees                                                             1.5 Diversity
The Board delegates certain responsibilities to standing Committees          The Board is committed to ensuring that it continues to include directors
which operate in accordance with charters approved by the                    with an appropriate mix of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity,
Board. There are three standing Board Committees: the Audit                  including gender, and diversity of thought and approach. The Board
and Risk Committee, the Human Resources Committee and the                    currently comprises eight Directors, seven of whom are non‑executive
Nomination Committee.                                                        Directors. In terms of gender representation, we currently have three
                                                                             women on our Board representing 38%, which exceeds the 30% Club’s
Membership and the number of, and attendance at, Committee                   target of 30% female representation on a board.
meetings during the year is set out in the Directors’ Report.
All Directors have a standing invitation to attend meetings of the           Our aspiration is to create a workforce reflective of the communities
Audit and Risk Committee and Human Resources Committee.                      in which we operate and key to this is our diversity and inclusion
                                                                             strategy. We believe that a diverse and engaged workforce contributes
The roles and responsibilities of the Committees are outlined                to strong business performance and we seek to provide an inclusive
in this statement.                                                           and supportive working environment that recognises and leverages all
The Chair of each Committee reports to the Board at the Board’s              the ways we are different. Our commitment is to a workplace where
next meeting on any matters arising from the Committee’s duties and          everyone is comfortable to “bring their whole self to work”.
responsibilities. The Board also receives copies of the minutes of all       We continue to embed our diversity and inclusion initiatives and
Committee meetings. This ensures that all Directors have oversight           empower our people to own and drive our diversity and inclusion
of, as well as the opportunity to discuss matters being considered by,       strategy. During the year we also sought to expand the impact of
the Committees.                                                              our diversity and inclusion strategy by engaging with our business
Delegation to Management                                                     partners and providers to align them with our strategy and our
Day to day management of the Group’s business and operations                 diversity and inclusion initiatives.
is delegated by the Board to management through the CEO and                  We continue with our strong support for gender equality and a culture
is subject to the agreed authority limits applicable to the senior           which supports all employees at all stages of their careers and have
executive team.                                                              maintained recognition as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality



                                                                                                          SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 75
          Corporate Governance Statement (continued)

          by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA). In terms of our             Across our workforce at 31 December 2018, the representation of
          workforce, during the year 43% of new hires were females and 65% of         men and women was 46% and 54% respectively.
          promotions across the business were females.
                                                                                      Increasing gender diversity at the senior executive level remains a KPI
          We also saw the average tenure for females grow at a greater rate than      for our CEO, Peter Allen, with a target of 30% by 2021. Peter is also
          males. Since 2015, the average tenure for females has increased from        continuing in his role as a WGEA Pay Equity Ambassador and as a
          5.4 years to 6.1 years (males 6.1 years to 6.4 years). In short, we are     Property Male Champion of Change.
          recruiting more women than are leaving the business and are retaining
                                                                                      We have a number of executive working groups (including in relation
          women for longer.
                                                                                      to gender equality) to assist in making recommendations, developing
          At the Executive Committee level, there were 2 new appointments             and implementing diversity and inclusion initiatives within the areas
          of senior females with the percentage of females across all levels of       of their particular focus. Underpinning the purpose of each group
          management (at 31 December 2018) being 41% (2017: 41%). During              is inclusion and respecting and supporting diversity. Each Group is
          the year, we achieved 26.5% representation of females at the senior         sponsored by a senior executive and overseen by our Diversity and
          executive level (General Manager and above), up from 22% and at the         Inclusion Council.
          upper range of our 2018 target of 25 – 27%.
                                                                                      The purpose and key achievements of the working groups are
          We are also pleased that our CSO, Cynthia Whelan, has recently been         outlined below.
          appointed as our first female executive KMP.


                                                                  Diversity and Inclusion Council


                                                                     Executive Sponsors
                                             KPIs in performance and reward scorecards in relation to D&I initiatives


                                                                     D&I Champions of Change


                                    Cultural           Reconciliation                            Mental Health         Domestic and
               Gender                                                             LGBTI                                                        All Abilities
                                   Capability           Action Plan                              and Wellness         Family Violence

                              Underpinning our commitment to diversity and inclusion are our awareness and education initiatives

                                                                     What we achieved in 2018

           Gender                                                                                                   Cultural capability
           – This group continues to provide support for increased representation of females in executive           – Established during the year, this
             and leadership roles                                                                                     group focuses on ways we can
           – During the year, we participated in the Property Council of Australia’s (PCA) Women in Leadership        create a workforce reflective
             program (3 mentors and 3 mentees)                                                                        of the cultural diversity of our
           – We celebrated the outstanding achievements of women in our business as part of International             communities
             Women’s Day’s #PressforProgress                                                                        – We continued to acknowledge
           – As part of the PCA’s Girls in Property week, we hosted 250 Year 10 girls to raise awareness              and celebrate Harmony Day
             about careers in the property industry                                                                 – Cultural events of significance
           – We showcased Westfield Sydney to the Catholic Teachers’ Association to show opportunities                activated in our centres included
             for students, particularly girls, in our casual recruitment program                                      Matariki in New Zealand,
           – We formalised twice-yearly pay equity reviews to ensure equitable allocation of salary and               Lunar New Year, Diwali,
             bonuses across genders                                                                                   Ramadan and Eid Al Fitr


           Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP)                                                             LGBTI
           – The purpose of our RAP working group is to explore ways to increase participation          – The goal of our LGBTI working group is to
             of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people in our workforce                             ensure people from the LGBTI community feel
           – We placed 8 trainees in our Indigenous employment program as part of our ongoing             comfortable and safe to be themselves at work
             relationships with Aboriginal Employment Strategy and AFL Sports Ready                       at all times
           – Our centre activations as part of the “Because of Her, We Can” theme for NAIDOC            – During the year, we achieved bronze status at
             week were held nationwide. We were selected by Reconciliation Australia to be one            the Australian Workplace Equality Index awards
             of 5 out of 1,000+ organisations to showcase our RAP actions which we believed             – We celebrated IDAHOBIT Day and Wear It
             best exemplified the 3 pillars of “Relationship, Respect and Opportunities”                  Purple Day to further embed inclusion for
           – As part of our RAP we registered with Supply Nation, a portal for indigenously owned         employees from our LGBTI community
             service providers                                                                          – We increased the number of LGBTI Allies
                                                                                                          during the year from 174 to 323


           Mental Health and Wellness                              Domestic and Family Violence                                 All Abilities
           – The goal of the working group is to support           – The objectives of this group include raising               – We established our All
             our people to have balanced lives and                   awareness, removing stigma and developing                     Abilities Working Group
             healthy minds                                           support mechanisms                                            to explore ways to
           – We continued to campaign for awareness of             – We completed our first White Ribbon accreditation             identify and remove
             mental health to de-stigmatise discussion of            survey, and, in November, our centres and                     barriers to the inclusion
             mental health                                           employees supported White Ribbon Day to help                  and advancement of
           – We recognise and promoted ‘R U OK’ day                  raise awareness to stop violence against women                people of all abilities
           – Our employees were encouraged to                      – We conducted a month long internal
             participate in the ‘R U OK’ Holidays Helpers            communications campaign centred on awareness
             campaign during the Christmas Period                    and prevention of domestic and family violence

                                                                Awareness and education initiatives



PAGE 76
We continued to roll out our Inclusive Management Program (IMP),          The responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include:
to provide our managers with skills to hold inclusive conversations
                                                                          –– having regard to the strategic direction of the Group, assessing
with their people at key times across the employment cycle.
                                                                             periodically the skills of current Board members against the
We launched an IMP Alumni program with a focus on diversity                  collective skill set required by the Board to competently discharge
of thought, unconscious bias, psychological safety and                       the Board’s duties;
embedding inclusion.
                                                                          –– regularly reviewing and making recommendations to the
Our Champions of Change continue to support and disseminate our              Board regarding the structure, size, diversity and composition
diversity and inclusion initiatives across the business.                     (including the balance of skills, knowledge and experience) of the
                                                                             Board and reviewing the effectiveness of the Board;
1.6 Board self-assessment and performance
The Board undertakes an annual assessment and review of its               –– identifying suitable candidates (executive and non-executive)
performance. As a review was facilitated by an external consultant           to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise and nominating
in 2017, the 2018 review was conducted by our Chairman, Brian                candidates for approval of the Board;
Schwartz, who presented the results of the review to the Board.           –– annually reviewing the performance of the Board; and
Overall the results of the review were positive, which follows the        –– ensuring the existence of proper succession planning processes
results from the external review. Matters considered in the Board            and plans for the Board (including, in conjunction with the Human
survey included an assessment of the performance of the Board, its           Resources Committee, the CEO).
Committees and Directors’ individually, the composition and skills
set of the Board, succession planning, the Board’s relationship with      No member of the Committee participates in a review of their own
management and the type and quality of the information provided           performance or nomination for re-election.
to the Board.                                                             The Board, on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee,
1.7 Process for evaluating the performance of                             determines if it will endorse a Director retiring under the Company’s
senior executives                                                         constitution or Listing Rules, for re-election. The notice of meeting for
We have an established process of objective setting and performance       our AGM will provide information that is material to a decision whether
review for all employees, which is conducted on an annual basis.          or not to support the re‑election of a Director.
Senior executives have well defined objectives which are discussed        Recommendations regarding future appointment of additional
and agreed at the commencement of each financial year. Each               Directors are made by the Nomination Committee and considered by
executive’s Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are set annually with       the Board having regard to:
the purpose of motivating that executive to achieve performance
objectives which will contribute to the short and longer term success     –– the assessment made on the skill set required to discharge the
of the Group.                                                                responsibilities of the Board compared with the skills currently
                                                                             represented on the Board;
KPIs are established each year under a performance and
development system. KPIs are designed to measure both financial           –– the current strategic direction of the Group and the consequent
and non-financial performance and we use a balance of measures               need to consider skills which may be required in the future; and
that underpin the growth and sustainability of our business.              –– the suitability of available candidates identified in the context
Our remuneration philosophy and link to business strategy is outlined        of a detailed description of the role and capabilities required for
in our Remuneration Report.                                                  a particular appointment.
During 2018, each member of the senior executive team, including          Recommendations made by the Nomination Committee are
the CEO, was subject to a performance review as described above.          considered by the Board, which retains an unfettered discretion on
Details of the performance criteria against which the CEO were            the appointment of a Director to fill a casual vacancy or act as an
assessed for 2018 are set out in the Remuneration Report.                 additional Director, prior to the formal election of that Director by
Written employment agreements are in place for senior executives,         the securityholders at the AGM.
further details of which are set out in the Remuneration Report.          The Nomination Committee may retain the services of external
                                                                          recruitment specialists to help identify potential candidates for
PRINCIPLE 2: STRUCTURE THE BOARD TO ADD VALUE                             appointment to the Board.
2.1 Structure of the Board and role of the                                Once a candidate is identified, the Nomination Committee with
Nomination Committee                                                      the assistance of external consultants where required, conducts
The membership of the Board is reviewed by the full Board (following      appropriate background and reference checks before the candidate
consultation with, and recommendations by, the Nomination                 is appointed to the Board or put forward to securityholders
Committee), having regard to the ongoing and evolving needs               for election.
of our business.                                                          2.2 Board Skills Matrix
Board renewal and succession planning is a central component of our       The Board is committed to ensuring that it continues to include
overall governance program. The Board is committed to ensuring that       directors who bring an appropriate mix of skills, knowledge,
it draws on a combination of executive and non‑executive members          experience, expertise and diversity to Board decision making.
with exceptional track records and reputations at the highest levels
                                                                          The Board currently comprises eight Directors, seven of whom
of business and commerce generally.
                                                                          are non-executive Directors. Details of the Directors’ biographies,
Nomination Committee                                                      including their qualifications, are set out in the Directors’ Report.
The role of the Nomination Committee includes supporting and              In terms of gender representation, we currently have three women on
making recommendations to the Board on the selection and                  our Board representing 38%, which exceeds the 30% Club’s target
appointment of Directors who are able to meet the needs of the Group      of 30% female representation on a board.
presently and in the future. The Committee also facilitates the ongoing   The Board, with the Nomination Committee, actively work together
evaluation and review of the performance and effectiveness of the         in assessing the ongoing succession planning and renewal program
Board and the Directors.                                                  for the Board. In terms of defining the Board’s requirements for
                                                                          new Directors, consideration is given to the skills, experience and
                                                                          background of existing board members, the Group’s strategy and any
                                                                          identified new skills required to supplement the Board’s capabilities.
                                                                          Having regard to the strategic direction of the Group, the Nomination
                                                                          Committee also works with external advisors in assessing potential
                                                                          new directors and skills.




                                                                                                       SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 77
          Corporate Governance Statement (continued)

          The Nomination Committee has actively been reviewing the need for additional property specific skills on the Board, particularly in light of Steven
          Lowy retiring at the AGM on 4 April 2019, and expects to make a recommendation to the Board in the near future.
          The Board skills matrix set out below describes the combined skills, experience and expertise presently represented on the Board.

           Skillset                                                                        Scentre Group Board Skills Matrix
           Leadership – organisational, including senior executive leadership experience


           Strategy – experience in developing and implementing strategic business plans

           Financial acumen – senior experience in finance, including in financial
           accounting and reporting
           Real estate – experience in real estate management, leasing, development,
           design and construction
           Retail and consumer marketing – experience in retail (including physical
           and digital) and in customer service and management strategies
           Capital management – senior experience in capital management strategies,
           corporate finance, capital markets and funds management

           Governance – experience with governance in the listed sector

           Human resources – senior experience in people management and
           human resources policy
           Innovation – experience in transforming business models and processes
           including in relation to technology and digital platforms

           ■ Primary skillset
                                                                                           0      1       2      3            4         5        6        7        8
                                                                                           Number of Board Members
           ■ Secondary skillset


          2.3 Directors’ Independence                                                        2.4 Independent Directors
          The Board regularly assesses the independence of each Director in                  The following non-executive Directors are considered independent:
          accordance with the terms of the Board Charter, the interests they                 Mr Brian Schwartz, Mr Andrew Harmos, Mr Michael Ihlein, Ms Carolyn
          have disclosed and such other factors as the Board determines are                  Kay, Ms Aliza Knox and Ms Margaret Seale.
          appropriate to take into account.
                                                                                             2.5 Chairperson and Independence
          In making this determination the Board assesses if Directors are:                  The Chairman, Mr Brian Schwartz, is an independent
          –– independent of management; and                                                  non‑executive Director.

          –– free of any interest, position or association that might influence or           2.6 Induction and ongoing education
             reasonably be perceived to influence, in a material respect, their              New Directors participate in an induction program. This includes
             capacity to bring an independent judgement to bear on issues                    briefings with the CEO, CFO and COO and other members of the
             before the Board.                                                               senior executive team to provide new Directors with a deeper
                                                                                             understanding of the main issues, strategic direction and material risks
          In general, a non-executive Director will not be regarded as an                    of each key business unit within the Group. As part of the program,
          independent director if that Director:                                             Directors are given access to the external and internal auditors.
          –– is a substantial securityholder of Scentre Group or an officer of,              Directors are also provided with all relevant corporate governance
             or otherwise associated directly with, a substantial securityholder             materials and policies.
             of Scentre Group;                                                               We recognise that developing industry and corporate knowledge is an
          –– is, or within the last three years had been, employed in an executive           ongoing process. Regular briefing sessions to the Board and Board
             capacity by any member of Scentre Group;                                        Committees are conducted on a number of topics including:
          –– is, or within the last three years had been, a partner or a senior              –– The Group’s core operations including trends in international and
             management executive with audit responsibilities of a firm which                   domestic retail;
             has acted in the capacity of statutory auditor of any member of                 –– Legal and regulatory developments including health and safety
             the Group;                                                                         laws, competition laws, corporate governance principles, tax and
          –– is, or within the last three years had been, a partner, director or                accounting changes; and
             senior employee of a material professional adviser to any member                –– Emerging and disruptive business models, technologies including
             of the Group;                                                                      cyber threats and security.
          –– is, or within the last three years had been, a principal, senior                Directors are also given the opportunity for site visits to our centres
             employee or associate of a material supplier to, or material                    to better understand our operations. During the year, the Board also
             customer of, any member of the Group;                                           visited New Zealand with senior executives to tour a number of our
          –– has a material contractual relationship with any member of the                  centres including the NZ$790 million redevelopment of Westfield
             Group other than as a Director of the Board;                                    Newmarket in Auckland.
          –– has any interest or business or other relationship which could
             materially interfere with the Director’s ability to act in the best
             interests of the Group and independently of management;
          –– has close family ties with any person who falls within any of the
             categories described above; or
          –– has been a Director of Scentre Group for such a period that their
             independence may have been compromised.




PAGE 78
PRINCIPLE 3: ACT ETHICALLY AND RESPONSIBLY                                    The objective of the Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its
                                                                              corporate governance responsibilities by:
3.1 Codes of Conduct
Directors’ Code of Conduct                                                    (a) monitoring and reviewing:
The Directors’ Code of Conduct outlines the responsibilities of                  –– the accuracy, integrity and reliability of financial reports and
our Directors in maintaining our commitment to high standards of                    statements of listed entities of the Group;
ethical conduct.
                                                                                 –– the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control environment
As part of the Code of Conduct, Directors are required to undertake,                including the systems of internal controls, risk management
amongst other things, to: always act fairly, honestly and with integrity            and legal compliance;
in all matters relating to the Group; perform their duties to the best of
their ability; never act in a manner which is likely to harm the reputation      –– the objectivity and effectiveness of the internal audit function;
of the Group and always abide by applicable laws.                                   and

Scentre Group Values                                                             –– the independence, objectivity and effectiveness of the external
                                                                                    audit function;
We refer to our values as our “DNA” which is the cultural blueprint for
our organisational behaviour. We are committed to high standards              (b) overseeing the processes for:
of ethical conduct and actively promote a diverse and inclusive                  –– identifying and managing significant risks faced by the Group;
culture where employees are encouraged to succeed to the best of
their ability.                                                                   –– the Group’s compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
                                                                                    and
During the year we evolved our DNA to ensure that our values continue
to reflect the standards to guide not only how we work together but              –– implementing appropriate and adequate control, monitoring
how we engage with our stakeholders and the broader community.                      and reporting systems; and
Our DNA is expressed as:                                                      (c) making recommendations to the Board in relation to the
                                                                                  appointment of the external auditors and approving the
–– We put the customer first                                                      remuneration and terms of their engagement.
–– We act with integrity                                                      The Committee is assisted in its role and responsibilities by the
–– We strive for excellence                                                   Executive Risk Management Committee, details of which are outlined
                                                                              below. The Committee is also assisted by the independent assurance
–– We succeed together                                                        function provided by the Business Review and Audit department
–– We are constantly curious                                                  (internal auditors) and our external auditors.
–– We create a positive legacy                                                Assessment of material economic, environmental and social
                                                                              sustainability risks forms part of the Group’s Enterprise Risk
Employee Handbook
                                                                              Management Framework.
Our core principles are supplemented by the Employee Handbook
which is provided to all employees at the time of joining the Group.          The Committee, on an annual basis, reviews the appropriateness
The handbook outlines, among other matters, the high standards                of the Enterprise Risk Management Policy and the Enterprise Risk
of personal conduct and ethical behaviour expected of all employees.          Management Framework and our control systems. The Committee
Employees are required to affirm our Code of Conduct on an                    undertook such a review during the year.
annual basis.                                                                 The Audit and Risk Committee also monitors regulatory
Compliance Manuals                                                            developments in relation to the audit regime, the role of audit and risk
Compliance manuals have been developed to provide guidance to                 committees generally and how such developments may impact our
employees on the laws applicable in the jurisdiction in which they work       corporate governance.
and the standards of conduct and the procedures to be adopted to              Our external auditor is Ernst & Young. The Committee meets with the
comply with those laws. Management seminars are also conducted                external auditor at least twice each year without management being
on an ongoing basis to help employees understand the legal                    present to review the adequacy of existing external audit arrangements
requirements with which the Group must comply.                                and the scope of the external audit. The lead audit partner is required
Whistleblower Policy                                                          to rotate after 5 years.
We have a whistleblower policy to ensure that any concerns regarding          The internal audit function is overseen by the Audit and Risk
unethical, unlawful or improper conduct can be raised without fear of         Committee. The Director, Risk and Internal Audit attends all meetings
reprisal. Employees are encouraged to report any genuine matter or            of the Audit and Risk Committee and reports on a regular basis as
behaviour that they honestly believe contravenes our code of conduct,         to the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit function. The
our policies or the law. We continue to monitor proposed changes to           Committee meets with the Director, Risk and Internal Audit at least
whistleblower laws to ensure that our policies and practices continue         twice a year, without management being present.
to operate effectively.                                                       Non-Audit Services Protocol
                                                                              The Non-Audit Services Protocol is designed to ensure that the
PRINCIPLE 4: SAFEGUARD INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE                                 external auditor carries out the statutory audit function in a manner
REPORTING                                                                     which is, at all times, demonstrably independent of the Group.
4.1 Audit and Risk Committee
                                                                              The Protocol sets out key requirements in the relationship between the
The primary role of the Audit and Risk Committee is to oversee and            external auditor and the Group and defines the scope and value of the
monitor the integrity of consolidated financial reports and statements        non-audit services which could be provided by the external auditor,
of the listed entities within the Group, and our systems of risk              without impacting on the actual or perceived independence of the
management, internal controls and legal compliance.                           external auditor.
All members of the Committee are independent non-executive                    Executive Risk Management Committee
Directors, financially literate with significant relevant financial and/or
                                                                              Risk oversight is a key function of our Executive Committee and while
accounting experience and a significant understanding of the Group’s
                                                                              that Committee continues to have oversight of business risks, during
business. Members of the Committee have a sound understanding of
                                                                              the year we enhanced our risk management processes by establishing
the Group’s structure, internal controls and typical transactions which
                                                                              a dedicated Executive Risk Management Committee The purpose of
enable them to assess the risks faced by the Group.
                                                                              the Executive Risk Management Committee is to assist and support
                                                                              the Board and the Audit and Risk Committee in its oversight of the
                                                                              Group’s systems of risk management and internal control.
                                                                              Membership of the Committee comprises the CEO, CFO, COO, CSO,
                                                                              the Director, Risk and Internal Audit, the General Counsel and the
                                                                              Director, Security.




                                                                                                           SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 79
          Corporate Governance Statement (continued)

          4.2 CEO and CFO declarations                                                6.3 Annual General Meeting
          The CEO and CFO are required to confirm in writing to the Board,            Our AGM represents a key opportunity for securityholders to meet
          at the time the financial statements of the Group are being considered      the Board and ask questions of the Directors. Securityholders who
          for approval by the Board, that in all material respects:                   are not able to attend the AGM in person may appoint proxies to
                                                                                      represent them at the meeting. Key members of the senior executive
          –– the financial statements present a true and fair view;
                                                                                      team, including the CEO, COO and CFO, are present and available
          –– that this assertion is founded on a sound system of financial            to answer questions.
             risk management and internal compliance and control which
                                                                                      The AGM is webcast live from our corporate website. Copies of
             implements the policies adopted by the Board; and
                                                                                      the addresses delivered by the Chairman and CEO to the AGMs
          –– that the Group’s financial risk management and internal compliance       are released to the ASX and posted to the website. A summary of
             and control systems are operating efficiently and effectively in all     the meeting and the outcome of voting on items of business before
             material respects in relation to financial reporting risks.              the meeting are released to the ASX and posted to the corporate
          The Board receives regular reports from management and the Audit            website as soon as they are available following completion of the
          and Risk Committee on areas where there are considered to be                AGM. These announcements are archived and searchable on the
          significant business risks and on the management of those risks.            corporate website.
          The internal audit function also monitors these risks and reports to        6.4 Electronic communications
          the Audit and Risk Committee.                                               Securityholders may elect to receive all or some of the Group’s
          4.3 External auditor attendance at AGM                                      communications, including the annual report, electronically.
          The lead audit partner of Ernst & Young attends our AGM and is              Our registry provides securityholders with the option to update their
          available to answer questions on the Group’s financial statements and       details electronically via their website.
          the conduct of the audit.
                                                                                      PRINCIPLE 7: RECOGNISE AND MANAGE RISK
          PRINCIPLE 5: MAKE TIMELY AND BALANCED DISCLOSURE
                                                                                      We adopt a rigorous approach to understanding and managing our
          5.1 Continuous Disclosure and Communications Policy                         business risks at both the Board level and through our Audit and
          We are committed to providing securityholders with comprehensive,           Risk Committee. There is a discussion of our approach to risk under
          timely and equal access to information about our activities to enable       Principle 4 and in the Directors’ Report on page 6.
          them to make informed investment decisions.
          Our Continuous Disclosure and Communications Policy underlines
                                                                                      PRINCIPLE 8: REMUNERATE FAIRLY AND RESPONSIBLY
          our commitment to ensuring that securityholders and the market are          8.1 Human Resources Committee
          provided with high quality, relevant and accurate information regarding     The objective of the Committee is to assist the Board in establishing
          its activities in a timely manner and that investors are able to trade in   appropriate human resources strategies including remuneration
          Scentre Group securities in a market which is efficient, competitive        policies and practices which:
          and informed as well as ensuring that market participants have an
          equal opportunity to review and assess information disclosed by             –– enable the Group to attract and retain executives who will create
          the Group.                                                                     sustainable value for securityholders and other stakeholders;

          Our policy includes a vetting and authorisation process to ensure           –– fairly and responsibly reward executives, having regard to the
          that all disclosures are factual, do not omit material matters and are         performance of the Group and the executive and the external
          expressed in a clear and objective manner. The policy also outlines            compensation environment; and
          how we identify and disseminate information to securityholders and          –– appropriately align the interests of executives with securityholders.
          the market generally.
                                                                                      The Committee is responsible for oversight of, and where appropriate
                                                                                      makes recommendations to the Board on:
          PRINCIPLE 6: RESPECT THE RIGHTS OF SECURITYHOLDERS
                                                                                      –– remuneration policies and practices affecting the Group;
          6.1 Corporate website
          We monitor and continue to utilise a broad range of communication           –– remuneration packages for the executive KMP. The Committee
          approaches including direct communications with securityholders,               also reviews the CEO’s recommendations on the remuneration
          publication of all relevant company information in the Investor section        packages for the senior executive team;
          of the scentregroup.com website, as well as access to market                –– the Group’s equity linked performance plans;
          briefings via webcasting and teleconferencing facilities.
                                                                                      –– succession planning policies in relation to the senior
          Our corporate website forms a key part of our communication platform           executive team;
          to securityholders and the broader investment community. A section
          of this website is dedicated to securityholders. Current and past media     –– policies that promote and support equal opportunity and diversity
          releases, investor presentations and interim and full year financial           within the Group;
          reports are available for review on the website. These announcements,       –– termination entitlements of executive KMP and other members of
          presentations and reports continue to be posted on the corporate               the senior executive team; and
          website immediately after they have been released to the market.
                                                                                      –– fees for non-executive Directors.
          The website also contains an overview of the Group, our structure
          and history and biographical details of our Directors.                      Our remuneration philosophy and framework and further details on
                                                                                      the role of the Committee are set out in the Remuneration Report.
          6.2 Investor relations program
          We have developed an investor engagement program for engaging
          with securityholders, debt investors, and broader investment
          community. The aim of this program is for investors and other
          stakeholders to understand our business, financial performance and
          prospects as well as our governance structure.




PAGE 80
Investor Relations

Scentre Group is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)                                                                Ordinary Securities
under the code “SCG” and as an ADR under code “SCTRY”.                                                                             (Cents per Security)
Please visit our website at www.scentregroup.com/investors for             * Dividends/distributions for the year ended
a variety of investor information.                                            31 December 2018                                                  22.16
Scentre Group securities
                                                                           Dividend/distribution for the six months ended
A Scentre Group stapled security comprises:                                30 June 2018 paid on 31 August 2018                                  11.08
–– 1 Scentre Group Limited share
                                                                           Dividend in respect of a Scentre Group Limited share                    Nil
–– 1 Scentre Group Trust 1 unit                                            Distribution in respect of a Scentre Group Trust 1 unit               3.34
–– 1 Scentre Group Trust 2 unit                                            Distribution in respect of a Scentre Group Trust 2 unit               7.74
–– 1 Scentre Group Trust 3 unit                                            Distribution in respect of a Scentre Group Trust 3 unit                 Nil
and trade together as one security.                                        Dividend/distribution for the six months ended
                                                                           31 December 2018 to be paid on 28 February 2019                      11.08
Scentre Group Website
–– About Scentre Group                                                     Dividend in respect of a Scentre Group Limited share                  2.96
–– News                                                                    Distribution in respect of a Scentre Group Trust 1 unit               3.40
                                                                           Distribution in respect of a Scentre Group Trust 2 unit               4.60
–– Centres
                                                                           Distribution in respect of a Scentre Group Trust 3 unit               0.12
–– Investor Information
                                                                           Note: The Group does not operate a distribution reinvestment plan.
Electronic Information
By becoming an electronic investor and registering your email              Tax File Number (TFN)
address, you can receive via email, news, notifications and                You are not required by law to provide your Tax File Number (TFN),
announcements, dividend/distribution statements, taxation                  Australian Business Number (ABN) or Exemption.
statements and annual reports.
                                                                           However, if you do not provide your TFN, ABN or Exemption,
Secure Access to Your Securityholding Online                               withholding tax at the highest marginal rate, currently 49% for
You can go to www.scentregroup.com/investors to access your                Australian resident members, may be deducted from distributions
securityholding information by clicking on ‘My SCG Securities’             paid to you. If you have not supplied this information and wish
as well as extensive information on the Group including the latest         to do so, please advise our Registry or your sponsoring broker.
press releases, results announcements, presentations and more.
                                                                           Alternatively, you can update your details directly online at
To view your securityholding, you will need your Holder Number             www.scentregroup.com/investors and by clicking on
(SRN/HIN) and will be asked to verify your registered postcode             “My SCG Securities”.
(inside Australia) or your country of residence (outside Australia).
                                                                           Annual Tax Statement and 2019 Tax Guide
Phone – you can confirm your holding balance, request forms and            The Annual Tax Statement and Tax Guide are dispatched to
access distribution and trading information by phoning:                    securityholders in July each year.
1300 730 458 or call +61 3 9946 4471 (outside Australia) then, pressing
1. You will be asked to enter your Holder Number (SRN/HIN).
Scentre Group Distribution Details
Your interim distribution will be paid at the end of August and your
final distribution paid at the end of February. Details of the 2018 year
distributions are provided in the table to the right. To ensure timely
receipt of your distribution, please consider the following:
Direct Credit
You can receive your distribution payment efficiently and safely
by having it direct credited to your bank account. If you wish
to register for direct credit, please complete the form and
return it to the registry. This form can be downloaded from
www.scentregroup.com/investors/security-holder-forms
or by phoning our Registry on 1300 730 458 (Please have your
Holder Number (SRN/HIN) available to quote). Alternatively, you can
update your details directly online at www.scentregroup.com/investors
and by clicking on “My SCG Securities”.




                                                                                                         SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 81
          Investor Relations (continued)

          Unpresented Cheques & Unclaimed Funds                                    Scentre Group Calendar
          Scentre Group is required to remit to the NSW Office of State Revenue    February
          amounts greater than $100 held in an account that has been inactive
                                                                                   –– 20 Feb 2019:      Full-year results released
          for at least 6 years. If you believe you have unpresented cheques
          please contact the Registry which will be able to check the records      –– 28 Feb 2019:	Payment Distribution for 6 months ending December
          and assist you in recovering any funds. Record checks can be made        March
          for the prior 7 years. For any enquiries beyond 7 years, you will need
          to contact the NSW Office of State Revenue (www.osr.nsw.gov.au) to       –– Annual Financial Reports for Scentre Group Trust 1, Scentre Group
          check for unclaimed money.                                                  Trust 2 and Scentre Group Trust 3 released
          Australian Capital Gains Tax Considerations                              April
          A Scentre Group stapled security comprises four separate assets for      –– 4 Apr 2019:       Scentre Group Limited: Annual General Meeting
          capital gains tax purposes. For capital gains tax purposes you need to
          apportion the cost of each stapled security and the proceeds on sale     May
          of each stapled security over the separate assets that make up the       –– 1st Quarter Update
          stapled security. This apportionment should be done on a reasonable
          basis. One possible method of apportionment is on the basis of the       July
          relative Net Tangible Assets (NTAs) of the individual entities.          –– Annual Tax Statements released
          These are set out by entity in the table below.                          August
          Relative Net Tangible Assets (NTA)                                       –– Half-year results released
          of entities in Scentre Group                 30 Jun 18      31 Dec 18
                                                                                   –– Payment of Distribution for the 6 months ending June
          Scentre Group Limited                          3.44%           3.74%
                                                                                   November
          Scentre Group Trust 1                         38.52%          38.93%
                                                                                   –– 3rd Quarter Update
          Scentre Group Trust 2                         57.96%          57.24%
          Scentre Group Trust 3                          0.08%           0.09%

          American Depositary Receipts (ADR)
          Scentre Group has an established ADR program providing a tradeable
          security in the United States.
          Details of the ADR program are available on our website at
          www.scentregroup.com/investors/american-depositary-receipts/
          Contact Details
          All changes of name, address, tax file number, payment
          instructions and document requests should be directed to the
          Registry or alternatively, you can update your details directly
          online at www.scentregroup.com/investors and by clicking on
          “My SCG Securities”.
          Principal Share Registry
          Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
          Level 4, 60 Carrington Street
          Sydney NSW 2000
          GPO Box 2975
          Melbourne VIC 3001
          Telephone: +61 3 9946 4471
          Enquiries: 1300 730 458
          Facsimile: +61 3 9473 2500
          E-mail: web.queries@computershare.com.au
          Website: www.computershare.com
          All other queries should be directed to Scentre Group
          Investor Relations:
          Level 30, 85 Castlereagh Street
          Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
          GPO Box 4004
          Sydney NSW 2001
          Telephone: +61 2 9358 7877
          Email: investor@scentregroup.com
          Website: www.scentregroup.com/investors
          Investor Feedback
          If you have any complaints or feedback, please direct these in
          writing to Scentre Group Investor Relations at GPO Box 4004,
          Sydney NSW 2001.




PAGE 82
Members’ Information
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



Twenty Largest Holders of Stapled Securities in Scentre Group*                                                                               Number of Securities

1        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                                                                2,084,146,180
2        J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                                                                                1,024,954,429
3        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                                                                      514,964,205
4        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                                                              470,982,666
5        National Nominees Limited                                                                                                                  274,531,193
6        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                                                                60,824,095
7        Cordera Holdings Pty Limited                                                                                                                60,570,206
8        BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                                                                              59,619,596
9        Franley Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                                                                    50,693,432
10       Franley Securities Pty Ltd                                                                                                                  50,693,432
11       AMP Life Limited                                                                                                                            35,344,690
12       HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                                                                      25,784,075
13       FP Pty Limited <THE FRANK LOWY LIVING A/C>                                                                                                  17,577,810
14       Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                                                                                            12,950,000
15       HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited-GSCO ECA                                                                                          11,208,801
16       Franley Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                                                                     9,876,775
17       Franley Securities Pty Ltd                                                                                                                   9,876,775
18       CS Third Nominees Pty Limited <HSBC CUST NOM AU LTD 13 A/C>                                                                                  8,557,728
19       Argo Investments Limited                                                                                                                     7,526,662
20       Navigator Australia Ltd <SMA ANTARES INV DV BUILD A/C>                                                                                       7,512,311
                                                                                                                                                  4,798,195,061
* Ordinary shares in Scentre Group Limited are stapled to units in Scentre Group Trust 1, Scentre Group Trust 2 and Scentre Group Trust 3.

Voting Rights
Scentre Group Limited – At a meeting of members, on a show of hands, every person present who is a member or representative of a member
has one vote, and on a poll every member present in person or by proxy or attorney and every person who is a representative of a member has
one vote for each share they hold or represent.
Scentre Group Trust 1, Scentre Group Trust 2 and Scentre Group Trust 3 – At a meeting of members, on a show of hands, every person present
who is a member or representative of a member has one vote, and on a poll every member present in person or by proxy or attorney and every
person who is a representative of a member has one vote for each dollar value of the total interest they have in the respective trusts.

Distribution Schedule
                                                                                               Number of                  Number of             % of securities in
Category                                                                                stapled securities*           securityholders             each category

1 – 1,000                                                                                     11,857,721                       28,010                        0.22
1,001 – 5,000                                                                                 88,733,383                       36,060                        1.67
5,001 – 10,000                                                                                67,057,960                        9,446                        1.26
10,001 – 100,000                                                                             145,055,409                        6,773                        2.73
100,001 Over                                                                               5,004,292,733                          319                       94.12
Total                                                                                      5,316,997,206                       80,608                      100.00

As at 13 February 2019, 6,650 securityholders hold less than a marketable parcel (being 127 securities at the closing price of $3.96) of quoted
securities in Scentre Group.
*	There are 10,299,217 performance rights on issue to a total of 105 Scentre Group employees. These rights may be satisfied by either the transfer of Scentre Group
   securities to employees or settled by way of cash payout which amount is calculated by reference to the market price of Scentre Group securities at the time of
   vesting. Under the stapling arrangement, in the case of the issue of securities, each of the Company, Scentre Group Trust 1, Scentre Group Trust 2 and Scentre
   Group Trust 3 is required to issue securities on the vesting of a performance right.
**	During FY18, 4,706,817 securities (at an average price of $3.89) were acquired on-market by the Scentre Group Performance Rights Plan Trust to satisfy executive
    entitlements on the vesting of rights under the Group’s equity-linked plans.

Buy-back
On 5 April 2018, the Group announced an on-market buy-back programme of up to $700 million of securities.
The Group has bought back and cancelled 7,299,472 securities (0.14%).
Substantial securityholders
The names of Scentre Group substantial securityholders and the number of ordinary stapled securities in which each has a relevant interest, as
disclosed in the substantial shareholding notices given to the Group, are as follows:
The Vanguard Group                                                                                                                                  493,780,757
BlackRock Group                                                                                                                                     450,144,001
State Street                                                                                                                                        344,111,816
National Nominees as custodian for Unisuper Limited                                                                                                 294,417,792




                                                                                                                   SCENTRE GROUP ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 // PAGE 83
          Directory

          Scentre Group                                    Auditor
          Scentre Group Limited                            Ernst & Young
          ABN 66 001 671 496                               200 George Street
                                                           Sydney NSW 2000
          Scentre Group Trust 1
          ARSN 090 849 746                                 Investor Information
          (responsible entity Scentre Management Limited   Scentre Group
          ABN 41 001 670 579, AFS Licence No 230329)       Level 30
                                                           85 Castlereagh Street
          Scentre Group Trust 2
                                                           Sydney NSW 2000
          ARSN 146 934 536
                                                           Telephone: +61 2 9358 7877
          (responsible entity RE1 Limited
                                                           Facsimile: +61 2 9358 7881
          ABN 80 145 743 862, AFS Licence No 380202)
                                                           E-mail: investor@scentregroup.com
          Scentre Group Trust 3                            Website: www.scentregroup.com/investors
          ARSN 146 934 652
                                                           Principal Share Registry
          (responsible entity RE2 Limited
                                                           Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
          ABN 41 145 744 065, AFS Licence No 380203)
                                                           Level 4, 60 Carrington Street
          Registered Office                                Sydney NSW 2000
          Level 30                                         GPO Box 2975
          85 Castlereagh Street                            Melbourne VIC 3001
          Sydney NSW 2000                                  Telephone: +61 3 9946 4471
          Telephone: +61 2 9358 7000                       Enquiries: 1300 730 458
          Facsimile: +61 2 9028 8500                       Facsimile: +61 3 9473 2500
                                                           E-mail: web.queries@computershare.com.au
          New Zealand Office
                                                           Website: www.computershare.com
          Level 2, Office Tower
          277 Broadway                                     ADR Registry
          Newmarket, Auckland 1023                         BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
          Telephone: +64 9 978 5050                        PO Box 505000
          Facsimile: +64 9 978 5070                        Louisville, KY 40233-5000
                                                           USA
          Secretaries
                                                           US Domestic Calls (toll free): 1 888 BNY ADRS or 1888 269 2377
          Maureen T McGrath
                                                           International Calls: +1 201 680 6825
          Paul F Giugni
                                                           Email: shrrelations@bnymellon.com
                                                           Website: www.mybnymdr.com
                                                           Code: SCTRY
                                                           Listing
                                                           Australian Securities Exchange – SCG
                                                           Website
                                                           www.scentregroup.com




PAGE 84
 The papers used in the production of this year’s Scentre Group
reports are produced using environmentally responsible papers
                          produced from well managed forests.




                             DESIGN: MONCHOCREATIVE.COM.AU
