                       STANDING STRONG
                        WITH OUR REGION
                                                                 2020 HALF YEAR REPORT • 26 MAY 2020




HE TOKA TŪ MOANA –
A ROCK STANDING FIRM IN THE SEA                              HALF YEAR HIGHLIGHTS1
Tēnā koutou e ngā kaiwhakarato moni
– greetings investors                                                  135                                  1.6
Napier Port’s positive financial results for the half year      THOUSAND TEU                         MILLION TONNE
to the end of March 2020 stand in stark contrast to the       CONTAINER VOLUMES                       BULK CARGO
significant challenges that we, the surrounding region             – UP 7.5%                      VOLUMES – DOWN 7.3%
and the broader economy face as a result of


                                                              $21.7 $11.2 $52.3
the COVID-19 pandemic.
For most of the six-month period that these results
cover, trade has been trending largely in line with
                                                                 MILLION                  MILLION                  MILLION
the expectations set when we launched our initial
                                                              RESULT FROM               PRO FORMA                 REVENUE
public offer (IPO) in August 2019.
                                                               OPERATING                NET PROFIT                – UP 7.5%
However, as the half year drew to a close,                     ACTIVITIES2              AFTER TAX2
and COVID-19 infections both offshore and                     – DOWN 1.6%                – UP 6.7%
in New Zealand rose, the Government imposed
its state of national emergency and Alert Level 4
                                                             HY2020 REVENUE
lockdown. It also became clear the pandemic and
lockdown would have a material impact on our region            Container Services ..... $30.9m
and Napier Port’s financial result for the year.               Bulk Cargo         ..... $16.0m
                                                               Cruise             ....... $4.2m
“Napier Port is a long-term infrastructure                     Other              ....... $1.2m
 asset and an essential lifeline asset during
 times of national emergency supporting the
 economic health and prosperity of Hawke’s Bay
                                                             1 – 6 months to 31 March 2020. 2 – Result from operating activities
 and the surrounding regions.”                               and Pro forma NPAT are alternative non-NZ GAAP measures. Refer to
                                                             the Notes to the 2019 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and the
                                                             Supplemental Selected Financial Information for further information.


            To view the complete half year financial statements visit:
            napierport.co.nz/half-year-financial-statements-2020
NAPIER PORT – TE HERENGA WAKA O AHURIRI




FIRST HALF RESULTS                                                The changes we put in place to achieve these goals
                                                                  (see below) have been effective, but they came at the
Revenue for the half year to 31 March 2020 increased
                                                                  cost of productivity and revenue. The cruise season was
7.5% to $52.3 million from $48.7 million last year,
                                                                  prematurely closed. Meanwhile, in line with government
underpinned by an increase in container volume, growth in
                                                                  directives, we saw a sharp reduction in non-essential
cruise revenue, and previously announced tariff increases.
                                                                  cargo arriving, the most significant of which was in the
Container services benefited from the early repositioning         key export trades of logs, pulp and timber.
of empty containers ahead of the peak primary export
                                                                  We were also required to cease construction work
season. Volumes rose 7.5% to 135K TEU from 126K TEU
                                                                  on 6 Wharf, the centrepiece of our strategic investment
in the same period a year ago. This increase helped to lift
                                                                  programme, as its construction was not considered
container services revenues by 12.1% to $30.9 million
                                                                  an essential service.
from $27.6 million. Average revenue per TEU increased
4.2% to $229 per TEU from $219 per TEU, assisted                  The implementation of the Level 4 lockdown reduced
by increased volume through our Port Pack operation               expected cargo through Napier Port to levels lower than
and tariffs introduced during 2019 to recover costs               those assumed in our financial forecasts, with a material
of infrastructure investments made to extend capacity             impact on our financial outlook for the 2020 financial
and support our growth.                                           year. In response, we regretfully joined many NZX listed
                                                                  companies in withdrawing our full year earnings forecasts.
Even though the cruise season came to an abrupt
and early end following the COVID-19 outbreak,
                                                                  CARGO FLOWS
cruise services revenue for the first half was up 22.5%
                                                                  Fortunately, many of our key trades qualified within the
to $4.2 million from $3.4 million. This reflected an
                                                                  Government’s definition of essential services and these
increase in ship visits to 76 ships from 66 ships in the
                                                                  continued to flow to Napier Port during the Level 4 lockdown.
prior season, albeit short of the 87 ships we had booked.
A new passenger levy also helped to lift revenue.                 Harvesting of apples, squash and other fresh produce has
                                                                  continued despite the additional operational challenges
Despite a strong first quarter in log exports, we ended the
                                                                  for our exporters. Similarly, the region’s food and meat
half-year to March down 5% on the same period a year
                                                                  processing industries have continued production and
ago as the impact of high Chinese log inventories were
                                                                  their products have been flowing right through this period
compounded by the COVID-19 outbreak and extended
                                                                  of uncertainty, with Hawke’s Bay’s primary food-based
Chinese new year holiday, supressing demand for
                                                                  exports seeing continued demand.
NZ log exports. Fertiliser imports were, as we expected,
lower. As a direct result bulk cargo revenue fell 3.5%            Post the lifting of the Level 4 lockdown, exporters
to $16.0 million from $16.5 million.                              of forest products have quickly resumed and ramped up
                                                                  their production to meet pent up demand. Containerised
The result from operating activities fell 1.6% to $21.7 million
                                                                  trades such as the wood pulp and milled timber are up
from $22.1 million, as operating expenses increased in line
                                                                  and running again and working to fulfil back orders and
with expectations to support growth and build operational
                                                                  forecast demand. A partial revival of economic activity and
resilience. Employee benefit expenses increased with
                                                                  some clearing of inventories in the key market of China
employee numbers. Other operating expenses increased
                                                                  has also seen improvement in log prices into April.
in line with container volumes, higher insurance costs,
and listed company costs.
                                                                  COVID-19 RESPONSE
Pro forma net profit after tax for the half year rose to
                                                                  To help manage the economic impact on our business
$11.2 million from $10.5 million. The pro forma result
                                                                  of the COVID-19 pandemic we have identified a number
excludes a one-off non-cash deferred tax gain of
                                                                  of measures to prudently protect our cashflow and protect
$1.5 million related to the deductibility of tax depreciation
                                                                  our balance sheet in light of our commitments related
on buildings. This gain helped lift statutory net profit after
                                                                  to the construction of 6 Wharf and our determination
tax to $12.8 million from $9.2 million in the prior year.
                                                                  to look after our people.
The statutory net profit after tax for the half-year also
                                                                  Key measures identified for implementation in the
benefited from finance cost savings when compared to
                                                                  period to the end of September 2021 include:
the prior year, following the repayment of all borrowings
                                                                  • Reduction of 20% in the director fee pool3 for 6 months
following the successful IPO in the second half of 2019.
                                                                  • Deferral on renewal of wage and salary increases
In the same period a year ago, Napier Port expensed
                                                                    for one year
finance costs of $2.0 million.
                                                                  • Specific cost reductions and deferrals across capital
                                                                    and operational expenditure
COVID-19 IMPACT                                                   • Receipt of the Government Wage subsidy4
                                                                  • Cancellation of the interim dividend in respect of the
OPERATIONS
                                                                    2020 financial year.
The move in late March to the Alert Level 4 COVID-19
lockdown, saw Napier Port make dramatic changes                   These measures are expected to reduce and defer
to its operations.                                                cash spend during the 2020 and 2021 financial years.
                                                                  However, the timing and savings accruing from these
We had a duty as a ‘lifeline asset’ to protect the flow
                                                                  measures are being worked through. None of these
of essential cargo through Napier Port. At the same time,
                                                                  measures will affect our core operational capability
we had to protect our people, deemed ‘essential workers’,
                                                                  nor degrade the condition of our key assets.
and take steps to prevent the inadvertent transmission
of the virus within the community.
                                                                                                                               2020 HALF YEAR REPORT | 3




BALANCE SHEET & CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
Napier Port retains a strong balance sheet following its
capital raising in the prior year. At the end of the half-year,
cash and cash equivalents stood at $16.1 million, down
from the $31.2 million at the end of the last financial year.
In addition, we have undrawn bank facilities of
$180 million, the majority of which mature in 2024.
Over the six-month period Napier Port invested
$23.2 million in capital assets with $8 million5 spent
on 6 Wharf. Other projects included the commissioning
of a third tug, Kaweka, the continued development
of our off-port depot site in Thames Street, Napier,
and replacement wharf maintenance, maintenance
dredging, paving works and replacement of mobile plant.
We remain committed to the strategic investment
programme. These are long-term solutions that will allow
us to capitalise on future long-term growth opportunities
                                                                                 Kaweka, which
and continue to support our customers and therefore
                                                                                 arrived last November,
our wider Hawke’s Bay region.
                                                                                 joins our existing tugs Te Mata
                                                                                 and Ahuriri. It has already contributed to our ability to
DIVIDEND                                                                         service vessels, including larger vessels, helped reduce
The board of directors has considered both the short-term                        vessel congestion and delays, improved berth availability,
impacts and long-term risk associated with COVID-19                              and provided risk mitigation enabling us to maintain our
in considering the interim dividend. With a full programme                       marine services if one of our other tugs is out of service.
of committed strategic capital investments, including
                                                                                 Finally, in March we opened our second off port
6 Wharf, the board considers that it is prudent to take
                                                                                 container depot in Thames Street for processing
a conservative approach to the management of cash
                                                                                 of empty containers. We have relocated our container
whilst this uncertainty exists. As such, the board has
                                                                                 wash, inspection services, and refrigerated container
decided to defer any consideration of dividend payments
                                                                                 pre-tripping to that site providing further enhanced
until the end of the financial year. As a result, the decision
                                                                                 services to our customers in the region.
has been made to cancel the interim dividend.
We recognise the impact this decision may have on our                            PEOPLE
shareholders and remain grateful of your support as we
                                                                                 Our first response to the COVID-19 outbreak, in line
navigate these difficult times and focus on protecting
                                                                                 with our ‘culture of care’, the foundation of our strategy,
and growing the long-term value of your asset.
                                                                                 was to take immediate steps to protect our people
The board expects to review the full financial year result                       and others accessing our port.
and outlook in November 2020 before making a decision
                                                                                 Marine personnel staff, as essential workers on the front
on a final dividend. The board’s intent is to pay a final
                                                                                 line of the virus response, were issued with extended
dividend in respect of the 2020 financial year result,
                                                                                 PPE and hygiene kits. Critical teams were separated
in accordance with our stated dividend policy, subject
                                                                                 across Napier Port to minimise contact, while all visitors
to developments and the economic outlook at that time.
                                                                                 were restricted. Office based staff commenced working
                                                                                 from home or alternate locations where practical.
STRATEGIC INITIATIVES
                                                                                 We also worked with our people to safeguard their family
In spite of the challenges we have faced with the
                                                                                 and others in their bubbles from inadvertent transmission,
COVID-19 pandemic we are pleased with progress
                                                                                 and introduced other measures to help manage stress
on the strategic initiatives over the first six-month period.
                                                                                 and improve the wellbeing of our people.
Even though construction work on 6 Wharf ceased during
                                                                                 Napier Port’s people – as they have many times before –
the Level 4 lockdown, we have made good initial progress
                                                                                 have risen to the challenge. Despite the imposition
on the project. We formally appointed HEB to build
                                                                                 of the new social distancing, they have continued
the wharf in November, completed site establishment
                                                                                 to apply themselves for the good of our customers
and began procurement of materials before Christmas.
                                                                                 and the broader region.
In the new year we started sheet metal piling
                                                                                 The board and management team thanks them for their
and removed the existing rock wall and made a start
                                                                                 loyalty and dedication during this time of unprecedented
on piling before work ceased following the imposition
                                                                                 uncertainty.
of the Level 4 lockdown. Work resumed late in April when
the country transitioned to Level 3, while dredging is due
to commence this month.

3 – Consisting of a reduction of 10% paid to existing directors and 10% from deferring the appointment of an additional director. 4 – A wage subsidy
payment of $2 million has been received in anticipation of a forecast decline in revenue of at least 30% versus the prior year comparative month due to the
impact of COVID-19. In the event a 30% decline does not in-fact eventuate, Napier Port intends to repay the subsidy amount. No benefit to Napier Port
will be recognised until the decline has been confirmed. 5 – $8 million cash spend on 6 Wharf excluding accounting accruals.
NAPIER PORT – TE HERENGA WAKA O AHURIRI




“Our first response to the COVID-19 outbreak, in line with our
‘culture of care’, the foundation of our strategy, was to take immediate
 steps to protect our people and others accessing our port.”

LOOKING FORWARD
The future trade outlook and the timing of the revival of the cruise industry
remains uncertain and is now dependent upon COVID-19 public health
developments, and the economic impact in New Zealand and key international
trading markets, both in the short and longer-term.
Napier Port continues to engage with cargo owners to understand how
COVID-19 trading conditions are affecting them and the expected outlook
for cargo volumes through Napier Port.
We intend to provide a further interim update to the NZX market regarding our
June quarter trading results during August. We expect at that time to update
the market on full year earnings guidance, if not available earlier.
Napier Port is a long-term infrastructure asset and an essential lifeline
asset during times of national emergency supporting the economic
health and prosperity of Hawke’s Bay and the surrounding regions.
As we look to the future, we remain focused on supporting
and working with our customers and our region and continuing
to operate as an agile and resilient gateway to world markets.
We have great confidence in our ability to extend our long
record of success, aided by the resilience and commitment
of our people, and the determination we share with our
customers to build a thriving region.
We are a rock standing firm in the sea.
Ngā manaakitanga,




ALASDAIR MACLEOD                     TODD DAWSON
Chairman		                           Chief Executive



TRADE AND FINANCIAL SUMMARY6
		                                                                       1H20                1H19                FY19               FY18                FY17
Total Cargo (million tonnes)                                               2.53               2.66                5.46               5.09                4.75
Container volumes (TEU 000)                                                135                126                 271                266                 288
Buk Cargo (million tonnes)                                                 1.60               1.72                3.40               3.07                2.51
Revenue ($m)                                                               52.3               48.7                99.6               91.7                86.7
Result from operating activities7 ($m)                                     21.7               22.1                42.0               38.9                37.4
Net Profit After Tax ($m)                                                  12.8                9.2                 6.8               17.6                16.7
Dividends ($m)                                                              5.0                4.0                54.0               10.0                10.7
Capital Investment ($m)                                                    23.2                7.5                17.6               15.7                18.7
Net Debt ($m)                                                                 -               80.8                   -               80.6                83.3

6 – Data prior to FY2019 refers to Port of Napier Limited. 7 – Profit from operating activities before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and impairments,
other income & expenses, joint venture results, and IPO transaction costs



NAPIER PORT HOLDINGS
ADDRESS:                                                                            KEY DATES:
Breakwater Road, Napier, New Zealand                                                FY 2020 third quarter results announcement: August 2020
PO Box 947, Napier 4140, New Zealand                                                FY 2020 year end: 30 September 2020
Tel: +64 6 833 4643                                                                 FY 2020 year end results announcement: November 2020
Email: investors@napierport.co.nz                                                   Annual meeting: December 2020
Website: www.napierport.co.nz/investor-centre                                       FY 2021 half year end: 31 March 2021
                                                                                    FY 2021 half year announcement: May 2021
