            Bapcor Limited
            ABN 80 153 199 912



            Appendix 4E and Financial Report – 30 June 2026




For personal use only
            Lodged with the ASX under Listing Rule 4.2A
            Bapcor Limited
            Appendix 4E
            Preliminary final report

            1. Company details
            Name of entity:                                 Bapcor Limited
            ABN:                                            80 153 199 912
            Reporting period:                               For the year ended 30 June 2026 ('FY26')
            Previous period:                                For the year ended 30 June 2025 ('FY25')


            2. Results for announcement to the market




For personal use only
           Net debt at 30 June 2026 was $135.1M representing a leverage ratio(3) of 1.72x EBITDA. The level of net debt represents
           a decrease of $229.8M compared to 30 June 2025. For a further explanation of the results above, refer to the Company’s
           ASX/Media Announcement for the year ended 30 June 2026 and the accompanying Directors’ Report.

            (1)         The directors believe the presentation of non-IFRS financial measures is useful for the users of the financial report as they provide
                        additional and relevant information that reflect the underlying financial performance of the business. Non-IFRS financial measures
                        contained within this report are not subject to audit or review. Refer to the directors’ report for further details.
            (2)         Underlying results include adjustments to remove significant items (as described in note 3 'Segment information') from the statutory
                        results.
            (3)         Leverage ratio is calculated as net debt / last twelve months pre-AASB16 underlying EBITDA adjusted for share based payment
                        expense and other items allowed to be excluded with covenant calculation.

            The consolidated entity recorded a net loss of $431.6M after providing for income tax and non-controlling interest (FY25
            restated: profit of $19.1M).




                                                                                       1
            Bapcor Limited
            Appendix 4E
            Preliminary final report

            3. Dividends
                                                                                                                                           Franked
                                                                                                                               Amount per amount per
                                                                                                                                security   security
                                                                                                                                 Cents      Cents

            2025 Interim dividend                                                                                                           8.0         8.0
            2025 Final dividend                                                                                                             5.5         5.5
            2026 Interim dividend                                                                                                             -           -
            2026 Final dividend                                                                                                               -           -

            Record date for determining entitlements to the 2026 Final dividend:                                              Not applicable
            Date 2026 Final dividend payable:                                                                                 Not applicable


            4. Dividend reinvestment plan




For personal use only
            Bapcor operates a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (‘DRP’), which provides shareholders with the opportunity to utilise all or
            part of their dividends to purchase shares in the Company. The DRP remains suspended as no final dividend has been
            declared.


            5. Net tangible assets
           A portion of the consolidated entity's assets are intangible in nature, consisting of goodwill acquired on business
           combination as well as software. These assets as well as any deferred taxes, right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are
           excluded from the calculation of net tangible assets per share.

                                                                                                                                                    2025
                                                                                                                                  2026            Restated
                                                                                                                                  Cents            Cents

            Net tangible assets per ordinary security                                                                                      50.9        56.1

            Comparative period amounts have been restated. Refer to note 2, Restatement of Comparative Information, for further details.



            6. Status of audit
            The financial statements have been audited and an unmodified opinion has been issued.


            7. Attachments
            The Financial Report of Bapcor Limited for the year ended 30 June 2026 is attached.




                                                                                      2
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026


            The Directors present their report, together with the financial statements, on the consolidated entity ('consolidated entity')
            consisting of Bapcor Limited ('company', ‘group’ or 'parent entity') and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the
            year ended 30 June 2026 (‘FY26’).

            Directors
            The following persons were directors of Bapcor Limited during the whole of the financial year and up to the date of this
            report, unless otherwise stated:


                                                    Independent Chair (appointed Independent, Non-Executive Director on 1
                         Lachlan Edwards
                                                    October 2025 and Independent Chair effective 24 November 2025)
                                                    Deputy Chair (appointed as Independent, Non-Executive Director on 1 March
                         Kathryn (Kate) Spargo      2023, and appointed as Independent Deputy Chair effective 24 November
                                                    2025)
                                                    Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (appointed effective 14 January




For personal use only
                         Chris Wilesmith
                                                    2026)
                         Annette Carey              Independent, Non-Executive Director (appointed effective 1 October 2025)

                         Andrew Fraser              Independent, Non-Executive Director (appointed effective 1 July 2026)

                         Jacqueline Korhonen        Independent, Non-Executive Director (appointed effective 1 February 2025)

                         Patria Mann                Independent, Non-Executive Director (appointed effective 1 October 2025)

                         Mark Bernhard              Independent, Non-Executive Director (resigned 23 July 2025)

                         Brad Soller                Independent, Non-Executive Director (resigned 23 July 2025)

                         James Todd                 Independent, Non-Executive Director (resigned 23 July 2025)
                                                    Stepped down as Executive Chair on 24 November 2025 and resigned as
                         Angus McKay
                                                    Chief Executive Officer effective 14 January 2026
                                                    Stepped down as Lead Independent Director effective 24 November 2025 and
                         Mark Powell
                                                    resigned as Non-Executive Director effective 5 December 2025

            Principal activities
            The principal activities of Bapcor were the sale and distribution of aftermarket vehicle parts, accessories, automotive
            equipment, service and solutions.

            Bapcor is one of the largest suppliers of aftermarket vehicle parts, accessories, equipment, service and solutions in
            Australia and New Zealand with an operational network covering approximately 900 locations and employing
            approximately 5,200 team members across Australia and New Zealand.

            Significant changes in the state of affairs
            FY26 was a significant year for Bapcor as the Company undertook a business reset and turnaround focused on
            addressing legacy operational, financial reporting and balance sheet issues.

            Following the renewal of the Board, the appointment of Lachlan Edwards as Independent Chair and the commencement
            of Chris Wilesmith as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, initiatives were implemented in the second half of
            the financial year focussing on enhancing profitability, optimising the cost of doing business, improving capital efficiency
            and strengthening cash generation, as well as rebuilding operational capability, to position the Group for improved future
            performance.

            These initiatives are improving pricing discipline, stock availability, customer engagement, inventory optimisation and
            working capital management, amongst others. Investment in technology and our people also continued. Performance
            has stabilised and a stronger platform for future growth has been established. These initiatives remain ongoing and
            management continues to focus on further operational improvements to drive sustainable earnings growth.

                                                                            3
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Board and management changes
            As part of the business reset and turnaround, Bapcor undertook significant Board and leadership renewal during FY26.

            On 23 July 2025 Mark Bernhard, Brad Soller and James Todd resigned as Non-Executive Directors. These resignations
            presented an opportunity to accelerate the renewal of the Board. Three new Independent Non-Executive Directors were
            appointed to the Board on 1 October 2025:
                 Lachlan Edwards, who brings over 35 years of corporate advisory experience, including significant restructuring
                    and turnaround expertise;
                 Annette Carey, who brings extensive executive and non-executive experience across the logistics, supply chain
                    and legal sectors; and
                 Patria Mann, who brings extensive audit, risk management and governance experience developed over 20 years
                    as a non-executive director.

            On 24 November 2025, Lachlan Edwards was appointed as the Independent Non-Executive Chair and Kate Spargo was
            appointed to the newly created role of Deputy Chair. The separation of the Chair and Chief Executive Officer roles
            strengthened governance arrangements and enhanced independent oversight of management. After stepping down from




For personal use only
            the Board on 24 November 2025, Angus McKay continued in his role as Chief Executive Officer until 14 January 2026.
            Mark Powell stepped down as Lead Independent Director on 24 November 2025 and subsequently resigned from the
            Board on 5 December 2025.

            Chris Wilesmith was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director effective from 14 January 2026. Chris
            brings extensive automotive aftermarket expertise gained through executive and non-executive roles, including roles at
            some of Bapcor’s key suppliers and competitors.

            During the second half of FY26, the company also strengthened its broader leadership capability through a number of
            executive and operational appointments to support the execution of the business reset and turnaround.

            Refer to “Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year” for details of a director appointment made after 30 June
            2026.

            Balance sheet recapitalisation

            On 26 February 2026, Bapcor successfully launched a fully underwritten $200 million equity raising to reduce debt,
            strengthen the balance sheet and support the execution of the business reset and turnaround. New ordinary shares were
            issued on a 1 for 1.36 pro-rata basis to institutional investors and retail shareholders at an offer price of $0.60 per share.
            A total of 333,340,578 new fully paid ordinary shares were issued, increasing total shares on issue to 672,753,078. The
            net proceeds of the equity raising were applied to debt reduction.

            In conjunction with the equity raising, Bapcor secured amendments to its financial covenants from its lending syndicate
            through to December 2026, providing additional financial flexibility while operational and working capital improvement
            initiatives are implemented. During the year, the Group improved working capital discipline through a focus on reducing
            overdue debtors and optimising inventory levels, supporting improved capital efficiency and cash generation.

            There were no other significant changes in the state of affairs of the consolidated entity during the financial year.


            Dividends

            On 29 August 2025 the Board declared a final FY25 fully franked dividend of 5.5 cents per share. The dividend was paid
            on 25 September representing a distribution on $18.7M. No dividends have been declared with respect to the FY26.




                                                                           4
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Review of operations
            FY26 was a year of significant operational and financial reset for Bapcor. The Group reported a statutory loss after tax of
            $431.6M in FY26, compared with a statutory profit after tax of $19.1M in FY25. The statutory result included significant
            items recognised during the year, primarily related to non-cash impairment charges, which are detailed in the
            reconciliation table below.

            This report includes references to underlying results, which exclude the impact of significant items. The directors consider
            these non-IFRS financial measures are useful because they provide additional and relevant information of the Group’s
            financial performance before significant items. Non-IFRS financial measures contained within this report have not been
            audited or reviewed.

            On an underlying basis, revenue declined 1.8% to $1,924.1M and underlying net profit after tax was $10.8M, compared
            with $71.7M in FY25. Underlying performance reflected lower gross margin dollars, cost inflation and investment in
            technology, supply chain and operational capability. Performance was also affected by geopolitical disruption associated
            with the Middle East conflict, including higher fuel and freight prices, broader pressure on inflation and interest rates and
            softer economic conditions. While the FY26 result reflects a business in turnaround, the 2H FY26 results provide early




For personal use only
            evidence that operational performance is stabilising and execution is improving.

            The table below reconciles the FY26 and FY25 underlying results to the statutory results.

                                                          FY26                                             FY25 Restated 1
                                                     Significant                                            Significant
                        $M         Statutory                           Underlying            Statutory                    Underlying
                                                       Items 2                                                items 3
                Revenue              1,924.1               -              1,924.1             1,975.8           (16.6)           1,959.2

                EBITDA                138.8              13.7              152.5               173.6             59.4             233.1

                EBIT                   37.7              13.7               51.4               78.8              60.1             138.9

                NPBT                 (448.3)             464.1              15.8               27.8              73.8             101.7

                NPAT                 (431.6)             442.4              10.8               19.1              52.6              71.7



            The table below sets out the statutory and underlying earnings per share.
                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                       FY26                        FY25 Restated 1
                                                                Note       Statutory         Underlying       Statutory       Underlying

                NPAT ($M)                                                   (431.6)             10.8             19.1              71.7
                Weighted average number of ordinary
                                                                             441.6              441.6            339.4            339.4
                shares (million)
                Basic Earnings per share (cps)                               (97.7)              2.4              5.6              21.1



            Significant items recognised in FY26 primarily relate to non-cash impairment charges. The impairment charges reflect the
            application of impairment testing assumptions that place a greater weight on recent trading performance and current
            market conditions over the benefits expected from future turnaround initiatives or improvement plans. Further details are
            provided in Note 2 of Financial statements.



            1 FY25 restatements relate to correction of prior period errors with a reduction in opening retained earnings at 1 July 2025, refer to Note 2 of the
            Financial statements.
            2 Details of the FY26 significant items are set out on the following page.
            3 FY25 significant items predominately relate to asset write offs, additional provisions for receivables and inventory, commercial disputes, store
            impairment, changes to accounting estimates, trading loss and loss on disposal of the MTQ and 5IQ businesses and costs related to payroll data and
            process review.

                                                                                         5
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            The table below sets out the significant items recognised in FY26, of which only $3.6M impacts cash flow.


                                $M                  1H26       2H26        FY26                         Commentary

                                                                                      Impairment of goodwill, trademarks and right-of-use
                Segment Impairment                  99.9       345.4       445.3
                                                                                      across each segment
                                                                                      Property, plant, equipment and lease impairment of
                Store impairment                     3.9        1.3         5.2
                                                                                      stores
                                                                                      Stock losses identified as part of stock takes
                Stocktake losses                     3.0         -          3.0       undertaken across Precision branches, as
                                                                                      previously announced
                                                                                      Redundancy costs associated with the Q2 cost
                Restructuring costs                  2.6         -          2.6
                                                                                      saving initiatives
                                                                                      Following the completion of the warehouse
                Provision releases                  (1.1)       1.0         (0.1)
                                                                                      consolidation program during the first half
                                                                                      Change in estimates for inventory valuation
                Inventory valuation                  4.0         -          4.0       identified by reviews undertaken in the Retail and




For personal use only
                                                                                      Trade segments
                Employee entitlements                2.5         -          2.5       Provision increase following detailed examination
                                                                                      Predominately relates to the termination payment to
                Other items                           -         1.6         1.6
                                                                                      the former CEO
                Total (Pre tax)                    114.8       349.3       464.1

                Total (Post tax)                   110.3       332.1       442.4



            Restatement of FY25 comparative information

            The FY25 comparative financial information has been restated for adjustments identified during FY26 as well as the
            previously announced segment reporting changes.

            The prior period adjustments resulted in a combined reduction to opening retained earnings at 1 July 2025 of $18.2M post
            tax, and relate to:

                        1) Externally facilitated balance sheet review and continued review by management, which identified prior period
                           adjustments relating to inventory, cost of sales, IT expenses, intangibles, trade and other payables, provisions
                           and intercompany balances were identified. The restatements did not impact cash flows but resulted in a
                           reduction to opening retained earnings at 1 July 2025 of $15.1M post-tax. Further details are provided in Note 2
                           of the Financial report.

                        2) A payroll issue impacting specific team members was identified. An estimate of the identified issue has been
                           completed for the period 1 July 2019 to 31 March 2026, when the system issue was rectified. The reduction to
                           opening retained earnings for 1 July 2025 for these matters was $3.1M post-tax. Refer Note 17 of the Financial
                           report. Bapcor is continuing the review.

            The previously announced segment reporting changes had no impact on the Group’s FY25 or FY26 consolidated
            financial results and relate to:

                        1) The re-alignment of comparative segment information to reflect changes in Bapcor’s operating model. The
                           change was made to refocus attention in the Wholesale business, within the Networks segment, to selling and
                           marketing to external customers. This included changes to the organisational structure between the Wholesale
                           business and Trade segment. These changes had no impact on the Group’s FY25 or FY26 consolidated financial
                           results.

                        2) Reclassification of a business previously held for sale with comparative segment information restated to include
                           FY25 revenue and EBITDA within the Retail segment for a business that no longer meets the criteria to be
                           classified as held for sale. The business was previously reported within the Unallocated/Head Office segment.
                           This change had no impact on the Group’s consolidated FY25 or FY26 financial results.


                                                                                  6
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Segment Overview

            The table below presents underlying revenue and EBITDA by segment.
                                                                        Underlying Revenue                            Underlying EBITDA
                                                                                FY25                                          FY251
                               $M                      Note          FY26                  Change                  FY26                 Change
                                                                              Restated                                      Restated
                Trade                                    1           776.9          784.7          (1.0%)          105.2          151.7         (30.7%)

                Networks                                 1           620.9          624.6          (0.6%)           67.7           63.1           7.3%

                Retail                                  1,2          393.8          403.0          (2.3%)           38.7           42.8          (9.6%)

                New Zealand                                          158.1          170.5          (7.3%)           19.4           27.9         (30.5%)

                Unallocated / Head Office                            (25.6)         (23.6)          8.5%           (78.5)         (52.4)        (49.8%)

                Total                                               1,924.1        1,959.2         (1.8%)          152.5          233.1         (34.6%)




For personal use only
            Note 1:      (a) Restated to eliminate intercompany sales from the Networks segment and move the wholesale margin and associated costs from the
                         Networks segment to the Trade and Retail segments to align with the segment which sells externally. Refer to Note 3 of the Financial report.
                         (b) Restated to correct for prior period errors. Refer to Note 2 of the Financial report.
            Note 2:      FY25 revenue and EBITDA has been adjusted to include a business previously classified as held for sale which no longer meets this criteria.



            Trade

            Bapcor’s Trade segment is one of Australia’s leading distributors of aftermarket vehicle parts and equipment solutions to
            Trade customers. It consists of Burson Auto Parts, Precision Automotive Equipment, Brookers and Brakeforce, and
            Blacktown Auto Spares in Australia as well as the Thailand operations. This segment is a distributor of:
                 Automotive aftermarket parts and consumables to trade workshops for the service and repair of passenger
                   vehicles
                 Automotive workshop equipment such as vehicle hoists and scanning equipment, including servicing of the
                   equipment
                 Automotive accessories and maintenance products to do-it-yourself vehicle owners

            The Trade segment revenue declined 1.0% compared to FY25. Bapcor Trade’s EBITDA declined 30.7% compared to
            FY25 was the result of poor historical pricing practices, lower gross margin during the transition to more competitive
            pricing and broader cost inflation.

            A new Trade leadership team was appointed mid-year, including a new EGM, to address the performance, bringing
            strong after-market expertise to the segment. Targeted recovery actions were introduced in the 2H FY26 to grow sales
            and margin with a focus on resetting prices, tightening in-store discounting controls, reducing employee turnover and
            addressing vacancies, improving in-stock levels in the stores, customer re-engagement activities and investing in
            merchandising capability.

            Trade continued a disciplined expansion of its store network in FY26, growing from 240 at 30 June 2025 to 247 at 30
            June 2026. Five new stores were opened in Australia located at Maryborough and North Rockhampton in Queensland,
            Milperra and Berkeley Vale in New South Wales and Port Adelaide in South Australia. Two stores were opened in
            Thailand bringing the total Thailand stores to nine.

            Networks (previously called Specialist Wholesale)

            Bapcor’s Networks segment is a leader in the truck, electrical and specialist wholesale markets, and acts as an
            aggregator and importer for Bapcor. It consists of the:
                 Specialist Networks business including:
                        o Commercial Vehicle Group (‘CVG’), comprising Truckline and WANO;
                        o JAS, (previously referred to as Auto Electrical Group or AEG), representing the merger of JAS Oceania,
                            Baxters and Federal Batteries; and
                 Wholesale business, which is a specialised leader in automotive aftermarket wholesale operations through
                    brands such as AAD, Bearing Wholesalers, Roadsafe and Premier Auto Trade.


                                                                                          7
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            The Networks segment revenue declined 0.6% compared to FY25. Specialist Networks revenue declined 1.8%, while
            Wholesale increased 2.9%. EBITDA increased 7.3% compared to FY25 reflecting the benefits from prior year operating
            model changes partially offset by softer margins in Wholesale, due to revenue mix and competitive markets.

            During FY26, the Networks segment implemented a range of recovery and turnaround initiatives, supported by
            strengthened leadership through the appointment of new leadership for the Networks segment and the CVG business late
            in the financial year, both bring extensive automotive aftermarket experience. Recovery actions across JAS and
            Wholesale focused on rebuilding customer service, improving stock availability and strengthening operational execution.
            Key initiatives included resetting inventory and replenishment processes, progressing range reviews, advancing the JAS
            rebrand, rebuilding operational capability and improving customer delivery arrangements.

            The Networks branch network reduced from 112 locations at 30 June 2025 to 111 locations at 30 June 2026 with the
            reduction due to consolidation of the JAS and Baxters branch into one location in Newcastle. In CVG one new branch
            opened in Orange and one underperforming branch was closed in Victoria.

            Retail




For personal use only
            Bapcor’s Retail segment is one of Australia’s leading full-offer automotive retailers and service centre providers. It
            consists of business units that are retail customer focused, including the Autobarn, Autopro and Opposite Lock brands as
            well as the Midas and ABS workshop service brands. This segment is comprised mostly of company-owned flagship
            stores in the Autobarn channel, with predominantly franchised stores and workshops across the other brands.

            The Retail segment revenue declined 2.3% compared to FY25, reflecting a challenging macro environment and store
            portfolio optimisation. EBITDA declined 9.6% compared to FY25 driven by broader cost inflation (labour and occupancy)
            and gross margin pressure.

            During FY26, the Retail segment undertook several initiatives to improve performance and strengthen execution. These
            included optimising the Autobarn network through the closure of five underperforming company-owned stores, converting
            one franchise store to a company owned store and progressing store refurbishment activities. The segment also
            implemented the Hyperdrive 100-day operational improvement program during 2H FY26, alongside initiatives to improve
            in-store stock availability. A pricing reset project commenced in the fourth quarter to enhance competitiveness and
            support future performance.

            The number of company owned stores declined by four from 30 June 2025 to 119 stores at 30 June 2026 as the portfolio
            review continues, while the number of franchise stores across the segment declined by ten from 30 June 2025 to 213
            stores as at 30 June 2026.

            New Zealand

            Bapcor’s New Zealand segment is a leading integrated trade and specialist wholesale group providing aftermarket parts
            and equipment solutions in New Zealand. The group consists of Brake & Transmission (BNT), which is primarily a
            supplier of automotive parts and accessories to workshops, Autolign, which specializes in undercar steering and
            suspension, and wholesale businesses including HCB (batteries), JAS Oceana NZ (auto electrical components), and
            Precision Equipment NZ (automotive workshop equipment). The licensee network features Battery Town, New Zealand’s
            largest network of automotive electricians, along with Battery Town Marine and the Shock Shop, among the largest
            specialist steering and suspension network in the country.

            The New Zealand segment revenue decreased by 7.3% in Australian dollars primarily due to the weaker NZD, which
            accounted for 73% of the decline. Revenue declined 2.0% in New Zealand dollars compared to FY25, reflecting softer
            market conditions and increased competition. EBITDA declined 30.5% compared to FY25 reflecting lower revenue,
            margin pressure from competitive pricing, mix shift to lower margin products and cost inflation.

            During FY26, the New Zealand segment implemented a number of initiatives to improve customer experience,
            operational efficiency and supply chain performance. These included strengthening trade leadership and contact centre
            operations, introducing branch performance dashboards, establishing the South Island distribution centre, commencing
            the consolidation of the two Auckland distribution centres which will be completed in 1H FY27, operationalising the
            Vehicle on Road system and consolidating branches into a supersite in Dunedin.

            The number of company owned stores (excluding the licensee network) decreased from 76 at 30 June 2025 to 72 at 30
            June 2026 due to consolidating stores and store closures.

                                                                       8
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Unallocated / Support Office

            The Unallocated / Head Office segment revenue relates to store-to-store transfers between segments which are
            eliminated on consolidation. EBITDA relates to unallocated Bapcor support office and supply chain costs that are not
            allocated to segments, and profit from associates.

            EBITDA was impacted by strategic investments in information technology and supply chain initiatives, increased software-
            as-a-service costs, a retention bonus accrual to address team turnover levels, and costs associated with the previously
            disclosed wage compliance review.
            Financial Position - Capital and Debt

            During the financial year, Bapcor strengthened its balance sheet through a number of capital management initiatives,
            including a $200 million equity raising, with proceeds used to reduce debt and enhance financial flexibility during the
            turnaround.

            As a result, net debt at 30 June 2026 was $135.0M, a reduction of $252.3M from 31 December 2025 and $229.8M from
            30 June 2025. The Net Leverage4 Ratio (NLR) of 1.72 times underlying EBITDA was within the debt covenant of 3.5




For personal use only
            times. Bapcor was in compliance with its lending covenants throughout the year and remains in compliance.

            In June 2026, Bapcor repaid the maturing $100M MetLife facility and further reduced total debt facilities by $135M,
            aligning available facilities with operational needs. Following these changes, Bapcor has access to total debt facilities of
            $585M, supported by a syndicate of lenders.

            During FY26, Bapcor worked closely with its lending syndicate to secure covenants flexibility and headroom to support
            the Group’s operational turnaround while maintaining access to committed debt facilities. Lenders provided the following
            temporary covenant relief:
                 increasing Net Leverage Ratio covenant from less than 3.0 times to less than 3.5 times adjusted EBITDA for 31
                    December 2025 and 30 June 2026 testing dates, before reverting to less than 3.0 times from 31 December 2026;
                    and
                 reducing Fixed Charge Cover Ratio (FCCR) covenant to greater than 1.4 times adjusted EBITDA at 30 June 2026
                    and greater than 1.5 times adjusted EBITDA at 31 December 2026, before reverting to greater than 1.75 times
                    adjusted EBITDA from 30 June 2027.

            Refer to “Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year” for further covenant relief obtained post 30 June 2026.

            Business Strategy
            Bapcor commenced a turnaround program to stabilise the business and improve operational performance. The
            turnaround initiatives are well underway and remain ongoing, with early progress supporting an improved platform for
            future performance. Alongside the turnaround program, Bapcor is progressing a broader strategy reset to clarify the
            Group’s long-term strategic direction. This work includes clarifying the Company’s strategic priorities, where Bapcor will
            play, how it will win and where it can generate the highest returns.

            A portfolio review is underway, with an initial focus on simplifying the Group through the potential divestment of smaller
            non-core assets. This will enable a more focused allocation of capital and management resources towards businesses
            that are central to Bapcor's future strategy and offer the greatest potential to create long-term shareholder value.

            Trading update and outlook
            Sales for the first six weeks of FY27 are slightly ahead of the prior comparative period (“PCP”). Trade parts and Networks
            continued to deliver sales growth versus the pcp, while performance in the Retail, New Zealand and Trade equipment
            businesses remained challenging.




            4
              Leverage is calculated by dividing net bank debt by the last twelve months’ underlying adjusted EBITDA. Net bank debt excludes the impact of lease
            liabilities and adjusts for the net derivative financial instruments relating to forward exchange contracts position. Underlying adjusted EBITDA excludes
            any impact of AASB16 and includes other adjustments allowed under the facility agreements. Refer to note 18 of the financial report for a reconciliation
            between statutory and underlying net debt.
                                                                                              9
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Underlying NPAT is expected to be materially weighted to the 2H27. Modest revenue growth is expected in FY27, with
            the Middle East conflict related pressures moderating the benefits of the turnaround initiatives. Benefits will be largely
            reinvested in technology and people.

            Capital expenditure and depreciation and amortisation are expected to be in line with FY26 levels.

            Industry trends
            The automotive aftermarket in Australia and New Zealand continues to be supported by favourable long-term industry
            fundamentals, including the size and growth of the car parc, the increasing average age of vehicles and the essential
            nature of vehicle servicing, maintenance and repair. As vehicles age, they typically require more frequent servicing and
            replacement parts, with a higher proportion of work undertaken by independent workshops rather than dealership
            networks. In Australia, independent workshops remain a core automotive aftermarket channel and a key customer base
            for Bapcor’s Trade business.

            The car parc is also evolving as hybrid and electric vehicles, advanced driver assistance systems and software-enabled




For personal use only
            vehicle technologies become more prevalent. These changes are increasing the complexity of parts, diagnostics,
            equipment and servicing requirements across the aftermarket. At the same time, the increasing number of new makes
            and models entering the Australian and New Zealand markets, including increasing levels of vehicles manufactured in
            China, is broadening the range of products and technical support required by customers.

            Digital capability is also important across retail and trade channels. Customers are using online channels to research
            products, compare availability and transact, while trade customers increasingly expect digital ordering to be supported by
            broad product availability, rapid delivery and technical expertise.

            The strategy reset will consider how Bapcor can best respond to these industry trends, strengthen its customer
            proposition and improve returns across the Group.

            Key business risks
            The Board oversees a risk management framework designed to identify, assess and manage risks that could impact the
            Group's ability to achieve its strategic objectives and create long-term shareholder value. The principal risks facing the
            Group are outlined below. These risks are monitored by management and the Board and are subject to ongoing review.

            Turnaround and Performance Improvement
            The Group is focused on executing its turnaround plan, including initiatives to improve profitability, optimise costs,
            enhance capital efficiency and return the business to sustainable growth. The turnaround program includes actions
            across operations, supply chain, customer proposition, cost management, working capital and organisational
            effectiveness.

            The delivery of the turnaround plan is dependent on effective execution, sufficient organisational capability and capacity,
            and the successful management of organisational change. Risks may arise where resources are constrained, initiatives
            are not appropriately prioritised, changes are not effectively implemented, or planned benefits are not realised. Failure to
            execute the turnaround plan and achieve expected outcomes may adversely impact financial performance, cash flow,
            operational outcomes and shareholder returns.

            Strategic Execution
            Bapcor is currently progressing a strategy reset, which is expected to be finalised during FY27. In the interim, the Group
            is focused on executing its turnaround plan, including initiatives to improve profitability, optimise costs, enhance capital
            efficiency and return the business to sustainable growth. Failure to execute the turnaround plan, develop and implement
            the corporate strategy, realise expected benefits or effectively manage organisational change may adversely impact
            financial performance, customer outcomes and shareholder returns.

            Financial Performance, Controls, Funding and Liquidity
            Bapcor operates with debt facilities that contain financial covenants and requires ongoing access to capital to support
            operations and working capital requirements. Risks to complying with the covenants include lower-than-expected
            earnings, cash flow generation or working capital outcomes, as well as changes in financing conditions, interest rates,
            foreign exchange rates or lender support. These factors could affect the Group's financial flexibility, borrowing capacity
            and future growth opportunities.

                                                                          10
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            The Group also relies on having an effective financial control environment, covering financial reporting, governance
            processes and internal controls. Control deficiencies, process failures or ineffective oversight may result in financial
            misstatement, fraud, operational inefficiencies, regulatory scrutiny and reputational damage.

            Market, Competition and Customer Demand
            The Group operates in highly competitive automotive aftermarket markets that are influenced by economic conditions,
            inflation, consumer confidence, industry consolidation and changes in vehicle technology. The automotive vehicle parc
            continues to evolve, including changes in vehicle age, increases in electric and hybrid vehicle adoption, changing
            servicing requirements and shifts in vehicle ownership and utilisation patterns. These changes may alter customer
            demand for products and services across the aftermarket sector over time.

            The Group also faces competition from traditional automotive aftermarket participants, original equipment manufacturers,
            dealership networks, online retailers and new market entrants. Increased competition, shifts in customer purchasing
            behaviour, changing demand patterns or adverse macroeconomic conditions may impact sales growth, margins and
            profitability. Failure to anticipate and respond effectively to changes in the vehicle parc, customer preferences or market
            dynamics may adversely affect the Group's competitive position and long-term financial performance.




For personal use only
            Supply Chain, Product Quality and Inventory Management
            Bapcor relies on an extensive global supply chain and effective inventory management to meet customer demand.
            Disruptions arising from supplier performance, geopolitical events, freight constraints, inventory availability, pricing
            pressures or forecasting inaccuracies may impact product availability, customer service levels, margins and working
            capital performance.

            The Group's ability to meet customer expectations also depends on maintaining product quality and safety standards
            across its sourcing, distribution and private label operations. Product quality failures or product safety incidents may result
            in customer harm, product recalls, regulatory action and reputational damage.

            Technology, Cyber Security and Data Privacy
            The Group depends on technology systems to support customer service, supply chain operations, financial reporting and
            decision making. Risks include cyber security incidents, system failures, data breaches, technology implementation
            challenges and the complexity associated with multiple legacy systems. Such events may disrupt business operations,
            impact customer service and product availability, compromise sensitive information and affect the reliability and
            availability of critical systems. This may result in lost sales, customers attrition, increased remediation, recovery and
            compliance costs, regulatory action, litigation and adverse impacts on financial performance and shareholder value.

            People, Culture and Workplace Compliance
            The attraction, retention and development of skilled team members is critical to long-term success. Risks include
            leadership capability, workforce engagement, talent shortages, cultural alignment, succession planning and compliance
            with workplace laws and obligations. Failure to effectively manage these areas could impact operational performance,
            customer outcomes, reputation and financial results. Failure to maintain appropriate standards of behaviour or effectively
            manage fraud, corruption or misconduct risks could result in financial loss, regulatory action and reputational damage.
            Bapcor has an ongoing review in relation to a payroll issue identified in the 1HFY26.

            Health, Safety and Wellbeing
            The Group is committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace for team members, contractors, customers and
            visitors. Risks include workplace health and safety incidents, psychological health risks, vehicle-related incidents and
            failures in safety management systems or compliance processes. A serious safety incident could result in injury or loss of
            life, regulatory action, operational disruption and reputational damage.

            Regulatory and Legal Compliance
            The Group operates in a highly regulated environment and is subject to a broad range of legal and regulatory obligations.
            Risks include non-compliance with employment, consumer, competition, privacy, product safety, modern slavery,
            franchise and corporate governance requirements, as well as changes in regulation and/or regulatory expectations.
            Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in financial penalties, litigation, remediation costs,
            operational disruption and reputational damage.

            Climate-Related Risks
            The Group is exposed to the physical and transition impacts of climate change, including extreme weather events, supply
            chain disruption, regulatory changes and evolving stakeholder expectations regarding sustainability performance and
            reporting. Failure to appropriately manage these risks may adversely affect operations, costs, reputation and long-term
            business performance.
                                                                          11
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026


            Director information
            Lachlan Edwards (BEc, GDAFI, MAICD, CTP)
            Independent Chair
            Lachlan was appointed to the Board on 1 October 2025 and Chair effective 24 November 2025.

            Lachlan brings more than 35 years of corporate advisory experience, including as the former Managing Director and Co-
            Head of Lazard Australia, Managing Director of Goldman Sachs (in Asia Pacific and Europe) and as a Managing Director
            and Board Director of NM Rothschild & Sons (in London). He is a former Chairman and President of the Turnaround
            Management Association (TMA) in Australia and is a Certified Turnaround Professional by the TMA in Australia.

            Lachlan is currently the Founder and Managing Director of Faraday Associates and also serves as Chair of the Board for
            Matilda Nepean Private Hospital, Deputy Chair of The Bell Shakespeare Company and Non-Executive member of the
            Council of Art Gallery Society of NSW. He also served as a Non-Executive Director of Hotel Property Investments
            (ASX:HPI) within the past three years.




For personal use only
            Kathryn Spargo (LLB (Hons), BA, FAICD)
            Deputy Chair
            Kathryn (Kate) was appointed to the Board on 1 March 2023 and Deputy Chair effective 24 November 2025.

            Kate has gained broad business experience both as a legal advisor (working in private practice and government), and
            over two decades of experience as a non-executive director in the public and private sectors across various industries
            including infrastructure, energy, renewables, healthcare, engineering services, construction, retail, financial services and
            intellectual property.

            Kate is currently a Non-Executive Director at Sonic Healthcare Ltd (ASX: SHL), CIMIC Group Limited and Geelong
            Football Club Limited. She has also served as a Non-Executive Director of Sigma Healthcare Ltd (ASX:SIG), and Adairs
            Ltd (ASX:ADH) within the past three years.

            Chris Wilesmith (GAICD, MBA)
            Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
            Chris commenced as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 14 January 2026.

            Chris has more than 35 years’ experience across all aspects of trade, retail and supply chain operations in both Australia
            and New Zealand. Chris’ former executive roles include Group CEO & MD of Jaycar Electronics, CEO of Mitre 10 (New
            Zealand) and 13 years as part of the Super Retail Group Executive Leadership team, including over seven years as
            Managing Director of Supercheap Auto.

            Chris is currently a Non-Executive Director of Tye Soon Limited (SGX:BFU), a listed Singapore company in which Bapcor
            owns 25% and Independent Chair of Carpet Court Australia and was previously a Non-Executive Director of Penrite Oil,
            Australian Automotive Parts and Automotive Superstore.

            Annette Carey (LLB, BA)
            Independent Non-Executive Director
            Annette was appointed to the Board on 1 October 2025.

            Annette has over 30 years’ experience in supply chain, logistics and cross border e-commerce, as well as commercial
            law. Annette previously held senior legal roles at two major commercial law firms and the Lend Lease group before
            joining Linfox Logistics and progressing from General Counsel and Company Secretary to Chief Executive Officer of
            Linfox Logistics ANZ and Linfox Armaguard. Annette also held the position of Executive General Manager International
            with Australia Post.

            Annette is currently Non-Executive Director of Sigma Healthcare Ltd (ASX:SIG), Downer EDI Ltd (ASX:DOW) and Kinetic
            Tco Pty Ltd.




                                                                         12
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Andrew Fraser (LLB, BCom (Hon))
            Independent Non-Executive Director
            Andrew was appointed to the Board on 1 July 2026.

            Andrew has over 25 years’ experience across government and the private sector, including funds management and
            institutional investment, supply chain, sports, and not-for-profit sectors. Andrew has held senior roles, including Head of
            Strategy and Investment at the National Rugby League. He has also held a range of non-executive roles, including as
            Chair of Australian Retirement Trust and a director of Moorebank Intermodal Company.

            Andrew is currently Chair of Bank of Queensland (ASX:BOQ) and Non-Executive Director of Brisbane Broncos Limited
            (ASX:BBL). He also serves as President of Motorsport Australia, Chair and Non-Executive Director of Orange Sky
            Australia Ltd, and Chancellor of Griffith University.

            Jacqueline Korhonen (BSc, B.Eng (Hon), FAICD)
            Independent Non-Executive Director
            Jacqueline (Jackie) was appointed to the Board on 1 February 2025.




For personal use only
            Jackie has over 35 years’ experience in the information technology, telecommunications and financial services sectors.
            Prior to commencing her non-executive career, Jackie spent 23 years with IBM in Australia, New Zealand, Southeast
            Asia, India and China. After leaving IBM, Jackie was appointed CEO of Infosys Australia and New Zealand. In the later
            years of her executive career Jackie was the CEO of SMS Management & Technology and subsequently returned to IBM
            as the Vice President of Cognitive Transformation Services across the Asia Pacific Region.

            Jackie is currently a Non-Executive Director of Nippon Life Insurance Australia and New Zealand (formerly known as MLC
            Life Insurance), MyState Limited (ASX:MYS) and Nuix (ASX:NXL).

            Patria Mann (BEc, FAICD)
            Independent Non-Executive Director
            Patria was appointed to the Board on 1 October 2025.

            Patria has more than 20 years’ experience as a non-executive director across multiple sectors in ASX listed and financial
            services organisations. She qualified as a Chartered Accountant and was previously a partner at KPMG.

            Patria is currently a non-executive director of Bega Cheese Limited (ASX:BGA), GWA Limited (ASX:GWA) and GDI
            Property Group Limited (ASX:GDI). She has also served as a Non-Executive Director of EVT Limited (ASX:EVT) and
            Ridley Corporation Limited (ASX:RIC) within the past three years.

            Mark Bernhard (BBus (Acc), GAICD, MBA)
            Mark was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director to the Board on 1 March 2022 and was the Interim CEO
            & MD from 5 February to 22 August 2024. Mark returned to his Non-Executive Director role on 22 August 2024 and
            resigned on 23 July 2025.

            Brad Soller (B.Com, B.Acc, M.Com, CA (SA))
            Brad was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director to the Board on 1 November 2022 and resigned on 23
            July 2025.

            James Todd (BCom, LLB, MAICD, F FIN)
            James was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director to the Board on 1 September 2020 and resigned on 23
            July 2025.

            Angus McKay (B Ec (Acc) and GAICD)
            Angus commenced as Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer on 22 August 2024 and stepped down as Executive
            Chair on 24 November 2025 and resigned as Chief Executive Officer effective 14 January 2026.

            Mark Powell (BSc (Hons), MSc, MBA, BApp. Theol, MA, GAICD, CMInstD (NZ))
            Mark was appointed as an Independent No-Executive Director to the Board on 1 September 2020, was Lead Independent
            Director from 22 August 2024 to 24 November 2025 and resigned effective 5 December 2025.


            Directors’ interests in shares are detailed in section 7.5 of the remuneration report.

                                                                          13
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Company Secretary and Officers
            Kim Kerr (BBus(Acc), CA, GAICD)
            Kim commenced as Chief Financial Officer on 12 May 2025 after more than 25 years in globally focused ASX100 listed
            companies in mining, manufacturing, chemicals and digital solutions sectors. Most recently Kim was the CFO of Orica Ltd
            and prior to that had senior finance roles at Newcrest Mining Ltd.

            George Sakoufakis (BCom, LLB, admitted to legal practice in Victoria)
            George commenced with Bapcor on 13 May 2019 as General Counsel and was appointed as Company Secretary on 1
            February 2021. George is an Australian legal practitioner and prior to joining Bapcor held various legal and governance
            roles at the Foster’s Group including as Acting General Counsel at Carlton and United Breweries and Legal Director for
            the Asia Pacific South Zone at AB InBev.

            Meetings of directors
            The Board commenced FY26 with three Board committees, being the Audit and Risk Committee, the Nomination




For personal use only
            Committee and the Remuneration and ESG Committee.

            On 24 February 2026, the Board dissolved the Nomination Committee, and assigned the committee’s responsibilities to
            the Nomination, Remuneration & ESG Committee (which was previously known as the Remuneration & ESG Committee).
            In light of this change, the Nomination Committee did not hold any meetings in FY26, however the Board undertook a
            number of the Nomination Committee’s responsibilities during the financial year.

            As of the date of this Directors’ Report, the current members of the Board’s Committees are:
                 Audit and Risk Committee: Patria Mann (Chair), Lachlan Edwards, Annette Carey and Jacqueline Korhonen
                 Nomination, Remuneration and ESG Committee: Kate Spargo (Chair), Jacqueline Korhonen and Annette Carey.

            All directors who are not members of a committee are invited to attend the committee meetings.

            The below table outlines director attendance at Board and committee meetings held during FY26.

                                                                                              Nomination,
                                                                     Audit and Risk
                                                    Board                                    Remuneration &
                                                                      Committee
                                                                                             ESG Committee
                                   Note      Held     Attended      Held     Attended       Held      Attended

                Lachlan Edwards      1        14            14        4           4            -           -
                Kate Spargo          2        17            17        3           3           7           7
                Chris Wilesmith      3         9            9         -           -            -           -
                Annette Carey        4        14            14        3           3           4           4
                Jackie Korhonen      5        17            17        3           3           7           7
                Patria Mann          6        14            14        4           4            -           -
                Mark Bernhard                  -            -         -           -            -           -
                Brad Soller                    -            -         -           -            -           -
                James Todd           7         -            -         -           -           1           1
                Angus McKay                    5            5         -           -            -           -
                Mark Powell          8         6            6         4           4           3           3

            Held represents the number of meetings held while a member of the Board or the relevant committee.

            Attended represents the number of meetings attended by the director while a member of the Board or the relevant committee.


                                                                            14
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            A number of Board Sub-Committees were formed during the year for due diligence associated with the equity capital raise, and
            approval of ASX announcements.

            Note 1: Lachlan Edwards was appointed as a member of the Audit & Risk Committee on 1 November 2025.

            Note 2: Kate Spargo was appointed as a member of the Audit & Risk Committee on 24 July 2025 and retired on 1 November 2025.
            Kate held the role of Chair of the Nomination, Remuneration & ESG Committee for the entirety of FY26.

            Note 3: Chris Wilesmith commenced as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 14 January 2026.

            Note 4: Annette Carey was appointed as a member of the Remuneration & ESG Committee (as it was known as at that time) on 1
            November 2025, and as a member of the Audit and Risk Committee on 5 December 2025.

            Note 5: Jackie Korhonen was appointed as a member of the Audit and Risk Committee on 24 July 2025 and retired on 1 November
            2025. Jackie was subsequently re-appointed to the Audit & Risk Committee on 1 July 2026.

            Note 6: Patria Mann was appointed as Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee on 1 October 2025.

            Note 7: James Todd was a member of the Remuneration & ESG Committee (as that committee was known as at the time) prior to his




For personal use only
            resignation from the Board on 23 July 2025.

            Note 8: Mark Powell held the role of member of the Audit & Risk Committee from 1 September 2024 until 24 July 2025, when he was
            appointed as Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee. Mark resumed the role of member of the Audit & Risk Committee from 1 October
            2025 until he resigned from the Board on 5 December 2025. Mark held the role of member of the Nomination, Remuneration and ESG
            Committee until 1 November 2025.

            Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year
            In consideration of the financial performance for the second half of the financial year, the Board has determined not to
            declare a final dividend for the FY26 financial year.

            On 1 July 2026, Andrew Fraser was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director. Andrew brings more than 25
            years’ experience across government and the private sector, including funds management, institutional investment and
            supply chain.

            In August 2026, Bapcor secured an extension of its covenant relief through the FY27 financial year testing periods:
                 The NLR covenant has been set at less than 3.50 times adjusted EBITDA for the 31 December 2026 testing date
                   before reverting to less than 3.00 times adjusted EBITDA for testing at 30 June 2027 and thereafter.
                 The FCCR covenant has been reduced to greater than 1.30 times adjusted EBITDA for 31 December 2026 and
                   30 June 2027 testing dates, before reverting to greater than 1.75 times adjusted EBITDA for testing at 31
                   December 2027 and thereafter.

            There has been no further matters or circumstances to note that have significantly affected, or may significantly affect the
            consolidated entity's operations, the results of those operations, or the consolidated entity's state of affairs in future
            financial years.

            Environmental regulation
            The consolidated entity is not subject to any significant environmental regulation under Australian Commonwealth or
            State law.

            Indemnity and insurance of officers
            Bapcor has indemnified the directors and executives of the company for costs incurred, in their capacity as a director or
            executive, for which they may be held personally liable, except where there is a lack of good faith.

            During the financial year, Bapcor paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the directors and executives of the
            company against a liability to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract of insurance prohibits
            disclosure of the nature of the liability and the amount of the premium.



                                                                             15
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Proceedings on behalf of the company
            No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring proceedings on
            behalf of Bapcor, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the company is a party for the purpose of taking
            responsibility on behalf of the company for all or part of those proceedings.

            Auditor
            PricewaterhouseCoopers continues in office in accordance with section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.

            Non-audit services
            Non-audit services totalling $22,000 were provided during the financial year by the auditor.

            Auditor's independence declaration




For personal use only
            A copy of the auditor's independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out
            on page 42 of the directors' report.




                                                                        16
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026


            Remuneration Report


           Dear Shareholder,

            On behalf of Bapcor’s Nomination, Remuneration and Environment, Social and Governance Committee (NRESGC), I
            am pleased to present the Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2026 (FY26).

            FY26 was a year of significant change and important progress for Bapcor. During the year, we continued to strengthen
            the foundations of the business, refresh our leadership and governance structures and focus on the actions necessary
            to support improved performance and sustainable long-term value creation.

            A key priority for the Board was ensuring Bapcor has sound leadership, capability and oversight to execute its
            turnaround and position the Company for future growth. This included the appointment of Chris Wilesmith as Chief
            Executive Officer and Managing Director, the renewal of the Board through the appointment of new directors, and




For personal use only
            continued investment in strengthening organisational capability across the business.

            In a period of reset, maintaining leadership stability and retaining critical capability has been particularly important. The
            Board remained focused on ensuring the organisation has the experience, expertise and continuity required to drive
            operational improvement and deliver on its strategic priorities. Given the scale of change underway across the
            organisation, the Board also introduced a Group Retention Program during the year to strengthen leadership
            continuity and retain critical executive capability to support the successful execution of the Company's strategy and
            operational agenda.

            Throughout the year, the Board and executive team remained committed to disciplined execution, improved
            operational performance and fostering a culture of accountability, customer focus and operational excellence. We
            believe these foundations are critical to restoring performance and creating enduring value for our shareholders.

            Bapcor Board – Key Management Personnel (KMP) changes

            FY26 was a year of Executive transition and Board renewal. Chris Wilesmith was appointed Chief Executive Officer
            and Managing Director in December 2025 and commenced on 14 January 2026, succeeding Angus McKay.

            Three new directors, Lachlan Edwards, Patria Mann and Annette Carey were appointed to the Board in October 2025,
            following the retirement of three directors in July 2025. Lachlan was appointed as Independent Chair in November
            2025. Patria was appointed on joining the Board as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee, and Annette joined the
            Audit and Risk Committee and the Nomination, Remuneration and ESG Committee. Mark Powell, who had been Lead
            Independent Director, retired from the Board in December 2025. I was made Deputy Chair in November 2025. The
            Board was pleased to be joined by Andrew Fraser on 1 July 2026 following the end of the financial year.

            The Board also created a Technology Working Group in early 2026 of which Jackie Korhonen is a member.

            Company Performance and Remuneration Outcomes

            The Group reported a statutory loss after tax of $431.6M in FY26, compared with a statutory profit after tax of $19.1M
            in FY25. The statutory result included significant items recognised during the year, primarily related to non-cash
            impairment charges.

            On an underlying basis, revenue declined 1.8% to $1,924.1M and underlying net profit after tax was $10.8M,
            compared with $71.7M in FY25. Underlying performance reflected lower gross margin dollars, cost inflation and
            investment in technology, supply chain and operational capability.

            While the FY26 result reflects a business in turnaround, the 2H FY26 results provide early evidence that operational
            performance is stabilising and execution is improving. Remuneration outcomes for FY26 have been aligned to
            Company performance, with no FY26 STI payments made and no vesting under the FY24 to FY26 LTI plan.



                                                                         17
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Below is a summary of Fixed Remuneration, STI and LTI outcomes.

           FY26 Fixed Remuneration

           Chris Wilesmith commenced as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director with a fixed remuneration of
           $1,300,000.

          Kim Kerr’s Fixed Remuneration as Chief Financial Officer remained unchanged

          FY26 Short-Term Incentive (STI)

           Chris Wilesmith and Kim Kerr were eligible to participate in the FY26 STI program. The financial gateway for entry to
           the STI program was not met and consequently no STI payments are payable.

           FY24-26 Long Term Incentive Plan (LTI)




For personal use only
           As the Company did not meet threshold relative Total Shareholder Return (rTSR) and Return on Invested Capital
           (ROIC) performance targets over the Plan period, no performance rights were vested under the LTI Plan.

           FY26 Group Retention Program

           Chris Wilesmith and Kim Kerr are participants in this program. The retention award value has been determined using
           50% of Fixed Remuneration, whereby 50% of this amount is set as cash to be paid after 30 June 2027 and 50% as an
           equity award of Rights to Shares, vesting on 30 June 2027. These are being issued under the Long-Term Incentive
           Plan Rules.

           Looking Ahead

           Changes to the FY27 Executive Remuneration Framework

           The Board remains focused on ensuring Bapcor's remuneration framework supports the successful delivery of our
           strategic focus areas while reinforcing accountability and performance.

           During FY27 we will introduce some changes to the STI opportunity, including the inclusion of a safety performance
           gateway as well as the financial gateway, revised weightings on financial and non-financial measures and some
           changes to the nature of the non-financial measures. While financial discipline remains central to the framework
           through the continued use of a Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) gateway, the revised approach recognises that sustainable
           shareholder value is supported by strong organisational capability, operational excellence, safety and culture.

           There is no change to the LTI structure. For the ROIC component, the rTSR comparator group will be updated from
           the ASX200 to the ASX300 (excluding mining and financial services companies).

           The Committee remains committed to a transparent and disciplined approach to remuneration governance, ensuring
           executive reward outcomes are aligned with performance and the long-term interests of shareholders. I would like to
           thank you for your continued support.

           Sincerely




           Kate Spargo

           Chair of the Nomination, Remuneration and Environment, Social & Governance Committee
           27 August 2026
           Melbourne

                                                                     18
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Questions and Answers

           The following is intended to assist readers to better understand key aspects of Bapcor’s FY26 remuneration approach
           and changes for FY27.

           QUESTION             ANSWER

            FY26
            What changes        Changes to the remuneration framework for FY26 are as follows:
            were made to
                                > STI:
            the Executive
            remuneration                 •   Introduction of two gateways:
            framework in
                                                 o   A financial gateway requiring achievement of at least 90% of the Group
            FY26?
                                                     Underlying NPAT target to unlock the STI funding pool.
                                                 o   A values-based gateway requiring individuals to demonstrate




For personal use only
                                                     behaviours aligned with Bapcor’s values.
                                         •   Revised weighting and earning potential:
                                                 o   Financial measures: 70% weighting, with payout potential of up to
                                                     150% of target.
                                                 o   Non financial measures: 30% weighting, also allowing for up to 150%
                                                     of target (noting commentary re customer measure below).
                                         •   Updated performance scales:
                                                 o   Financial measures: 90% of target, triggering a 50% payout, scaling up
                                                     to 150% payout at 120% performance outcome to target.
                                                 o   Non financial measures: Assessed on a four-point scale; Not achieved
                                                     (0%), Partially achieved (50%), Achieved (100%), Exceeded (150%).
                                         •   Changes to Non financial measures:
                                                o    Non financial measures in FY26 comprised; customer (10%), culture
                                                     (10%) and strategic projects (15%).
                                > LTI:
                                1) No change to structure or metrics
                                2) Adopt the 10-day VWAP of Bapcor shares traded on the ASX in the ten trading days
                                    immediately following the release of Bapcor’s Annual Results to calculate the number of
                                    Performance Rights to be issued under the Offer. This practice gives a fairer and more
                                    transparent share price after the market has had the chance to consider Bapcor’s
                                    annual results.
            How does the  In January 2026, the Board introduced the Group Retention Program for Executives and
            2026 Group    Senior Leadership Team members. The program runs for 18 months (1 January 2026
            Retention     through to 30 June 2027).
            Program work?
                          The aims of this program are to:
                          • Address retention concerns for our senior leaders and critical talent
                          • Stabilise and provide focus on our refreshed approach to business efficiency, continuity
                              and improved performance

                                For Executives, the retention award value has been determined using 50% of Fixed
                                Remuneration, whereby 50% of this amount is set as cash to be paid after 30 June 2027
                                and 50% as an equity award of Rights to be exercised into Shares, following 30 June 2027,
                                issued under the Long Term Incentive Plan Rules.



                                                                       19
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

                                The 10-day VWAP used to calculate the number of Rights to Shares offered to participants
                                as $1.9927 and represents the 10-day VWAP prior to 1 January 2026.

                                In February 2026, a market capital raising exercise was undertaken. As participants were
                                unable to participate in this discount offer, an adjustment of +35.6% was applied to the
                                equity award component and allocated to participants. This adjustment represented the
                                discount foregone because of not being able to participate in the market capital raising
                                exercise.

                                Mr Wilesmith and Ms Kerr are participants in this program. Mr Wilesmith’s equity
                                component, offered under this program, is subject to shareholder approval.

            Why did the         The Board determined that the EC & CEO would not participate in the FY26 STI plan to
            EC & CEO not        ensure a clear focus on long-term value creation. This approach reflected several
            participate in      considerations:
            the STI plan?
                                •   Long term alignment: Reinforces Bapcor’s strategic agenda and supports sustainable




For personal use only
                                    shareholder outcomes.
                                •   Dual role structure: The role combined Board leadership and executive responsibility,
                                    warranting increased emphasis on long term value creation.

            What changes        As announced on 24 November 2025:
            were made to
                                    •   Mr McKay’s Fixed Remuneration was reduced to $1,525,000 from $1,900,000;
            Mr McKay’s
            remuneration            •   72,018 Sign-on Rights that had vested into Bapcor Shares and had been issued to
                                        Mr McKay were forfeited;
            when he
            stepped down            •   144,038 unvested Sign-on Rights issued under the LTIP that were due for vesting
            as Executive                in 2026 and 2027 were forfeited and lapsed; and
            Chair?                  •   the LTI grants for the FY25 – FY27 and FY26 – FY28 plans were reduced to reflect
                                        the change in Fixed Remuneration
                                    •   Change of Control entitlements for Mr McKay under the LTI grants were removed.

            What were the       The former CEO resigned from the Company with effect from 14 January 2026 and ceased
            termination         active duties on 13 January 2026 in line with his contract. Mr McKay is serving his 12-
            arrangements        month notice period, during which he is available to provide support and assistance to the
            for Mr McKay?       Company as required. His full 12 month notice period has been expensed to FY26, in
                                accordance with AASB 119. Mr McKay was not eligible to participate in the FY26 and FY27
                                STI Plans

            What are the         Mr Wilesmith commenced as CEO & MD on 14 January 2026. Mr Wilesmith’s remuneration
            remuneration        arrangements are:
            arrangements
            for Chris           •   Fixed Remuneration (including superannuation) of $1,300,000.
            Wilesmith?          •   Short Term Incentive opportunity minimum of 50% Fixed Remuneration up to a
                                    maximum of 150% of Fixed Remuneration, subject to agreed financial and non-financial
                                    performance conditions, for FY26 on a pro rata basis. Half of any STI award is deferred
                                    in equity for one year, the issue of such equity being subject to shareholder approvals.
                                •   Long Term Incentive opportunity up to 150% of Fixed Remuneration subject to agreed
                                    performance and service conditions and appropriate shareholder approvals.

                                •   Participation in the Group Retention Program which runs from 1 January through to 30
                                    June 2027 on pro rata basis. The total award value is 50% TFR where 50% is made up
                                    of cash payment and 50% equity award of rights to shares where the equity component
                                    is subject to shareholder approvals.

                                •   Relocation support arrangements up to $50,000




                                                                        20
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            What are the        Ms Kerr’s remuneration comprises:
            remuneration
            arrangements        •   Fixed Remuneration (including superannuation) of $800,000.
            for Kim Kerr?       •   STI opportunity up to a maximum of 75% of Fixed Remuneration, subject to agreed
                                    financial and non-financial performance conditions. A quarter of any STI award will be
                                    deferred in equity for one year.
                                •   Long Term Incentive opportunity up to 75% of Fixed Remuneration subject to agreed
                                    performance and service conditions.

                                •   Participation in the Group Retention Program which runs from 1 January through to 30
                                    June 2027. The total award value is 50% TFR where 50% is made up of cash payment
                                    and 50% equity award of rights to shares.
            FY27

            Are further         In FY27, further enhancements to Bapcor’s remuneration approach will include:




For personal use only
            changes to
                                > STI:
            the
            remuneration        • Change to financial gateway:
            approach                o A financial gateway requiring achievement increased from 90% to 95% of the Group
            being made?               Underlying NPAT target to unlock the STI funding pool.
                                    o The financial gateway only applies to financial measures and is not required to be
                                      achieved to unlock STI award for non-financial measures.

                                • Revised weighting and earning potential:
                                  o Financial measures: from 70% to 60% weighting.
                                  o Non financial measures: from 30% to 40% weighting.



                                • Updated performance scales:
                                  o Financial measures and Non Financial measures: 95% of target, linear to
                                    Performance at Target 100% and up to 120%.
                                • Changes to Non financial measures:
                                   o Non financial measures in FY27 will comprise; people – engagement, safety,
                                     turnover (30%), and strategic projects (10%).


                                > LTI:
                                1) No change to structure.
                                2) Relative TSR comparator group will be updated to ASX300 excluding mining and
                                   financial services companies.




                                                                        21
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

           Remuneration Report 2026
           In this section
            1. Key Management Personnel (KMP)                                                             Page 23

            2. Nomination, Remuneration and Environment, Social & Governance Committee                    Page 24

           3. Remuneration governance                                                                     Page 24

           4. Executive remuneration framework                                                            Page 25

           5. Financial performance and relationship to remuneration and outcomes                         Page 26

           6. Executive KMP realised remuneration (non‑statutory)                                         Page 33

           7. Statutory details of remuneration                                                           Page 34

           The information provided in this Remuneration Report, which forms part of the Directors’ Report, has been audited as
           required by section 308(3C) of the Corporations Act 2001.




For personal use only




                                                                     22
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

           1. Key Management Personnel (KMP)
           This Report outlines Bapcor’s remuneration approach and outcomes for KMP, who had the authority and responsibility
           for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company during FY26.


            Name                                    Position                                                     Term as KMP
            Non‑Executive Directors

            Lachlan Edwards 1                       Chair                                                           Part Year
            Kathryn Spargo                          Deputy Chair                                                    Full Year
            Annette Carey 2                         Non-Executive Director                                          Part Year
            Jacqueline Korhonen                     Non-Executive Director                                          Full Year
            Patria Mann 2                           Non-Executive Director                                          Part Year




For personal use only
            Former Non-Executive Directors
            Mark Powell 3                           Non‑Executive Director                                          Part Year
            James Todd 4                            Non‑Executive Director                                          Part Year
            Mark Bernhard 4                         Non‑Executive Director                                          Part Year
            Brad Soller 4                           Non‑Executive Director                                          Part Year
            Former Executive Director

            Angus McKay 5                           Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer                     Part Year
            Executive KMP
            Chris Wilesmith 6                       Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director                   Part Year
            Kim Kerr                                Chief Financial Officer                                         Full Year

            (1) Mr Edwards joined the Board on 1 October 2025 and was appointed Chair on 24 November 2025.
            (2) Ms Carey and Ms Mann joined the Board on 1 October 2025.
            (3) Mr Powell retired from the Board on 5 December 2025.
            (4) Mr Todd, Mr Bernhard and Mr Soller retired from the Board on 23 July 2025.
            (5) Mr McKay resigned from the position of Executive Chair on 24 November 2025 and resumed role as Chief Executive Officer
                until 13 January 2026, with his resignation taking effect on 14 January 2026.
            (6) Mr Wilesmith commenced as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 14 January 2026.




                                                                         23
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

           2. Nomination, Remuneration and Environment, Social & Governance Committee (NRESGC)
           On the 24 February 2026 the Board dissolved the Nomination Committee and the responsibilities of this committee
           were assigned to the Nomination, Remuneration and Environment, Social & Governance Committee (NRESGC) which
           was previously known as the Remuneration & ESG committee. The NRESGC operates under delegated authority from
           the Board of Directors. Its charter is available on the Bapcor website (www.bapcor.com.au).

           The NRESGC comprised the following Non‑Executive Directors:
           Kathryn Spargo         Committee Chair
            Annette Carey                Committee Member (from 1 November 2025)
            Jacqueline Korhonen          Committee Member (from 24 February 2025)
            Mark Powell                  Committee Member (left committee on 1 November 2025)
            James Todd                   Committee Member (resigned 23 July 2025)




For personal use only
           3. Remuneration governance
           The following diagram outlines Bapcor’s approach to remuneration governance.
                                                          BAPCOR BOARD
               › Overall accountability for Bapcor’s remuneration approach.
               › Determines remuneration quantum and structure for executive and non-executive KMP after
                 considering recommendations made by the NRESGC.
               › Discretion in determining the outcomes of incentive arrangements.
               › Has discretion to exercise clawback provisions should any material financial misstatements arise.
                        NOMINATION, REMUNERATION, ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL & GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
               Meets regularly to:
                 › Review the effectiveness of the remuneration arrangements.
                 › Assess whether the remuneration framework remains fit for purpose and recommend any changes to
                   the Board.
                 › Determine recommendations to the Board on fixed remuneration, STI outcomes and LTI outcomes.
                 › Consider exercising any discretion, both positive and negative, in determining the outcomes of
                   incentive arrangements.
                 › Assess executive KMP performance.
                                                       EXTERNAL ADVISORS
                 › NRESGC seeks external advice and assistance from independent remuneration consultants as it
                   considers appropriate with protocols in place to ensure independence from Management.
                 › In FY26, no consultants were engaged to provide market benchmarking reports for executives.


           Each year, the Board actively engages with major shareholders and proxy advisors to enhance understanding of
           Bapcor’s remuneration approach and decisions.




                                                                        24
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

           4. FY26 Executive remuneration framework
            4.1 Executive remuneration strategy and link to Company performance
           Bapcor’s FY26 executive remuneration framework applies to both KMP and non-KMP members of the Group
           Leadership Team
                                                                  Turnaround Plan – strategic focus areas


                        Enhance profitability                 Optimise COBD                           Capital Efficiency                Return to Growth


                                                                      Supported by our reward principles




For personal use only
                         Market competitive                        Alignment                                   Fairness                      Consistency
                   Attract, motivate and retain high     Remuneration outcomes align                 Appropriate and reasonable         Maintaining clarity and
                  calibre talent within a competitive   with Company performance and               outcomes balanced in the best      consistency of application of
                                industry                   shareholder value creation               interests of shareholders and              outcomes
                                                                                                            Management

                                                          Alignment of our strategy with our reward framework
                 Fixed Remuneration (FR)                Short-term Incentive (STI)                Long Term Incentive (LTI)         Retention Program (RP)


                 Comprises base salary,                 Annual incentive opportunity:             Delivered in Performance Rights   Long-term reward opportunity,
                 superannuation, and car                                                          subject to a three-year           delivered as cash and equity
                 allowance.                             CEO: 50% cash and 50%                     performance period.               aimed to retain key executive
                                                        deferred rights, restricted for 12                                          talent and stabilise focused
                 Set relative to external               months.                                   Group performance assessed        leadership across our Group
                 benchmarks with consideration                                                    against measures which drive      Leadership Team.
                 given to expertise, scope of role,     CFO: 75% cash and 25%                     sustainable performance
                 complexity, internal relativities      deferred rights, restricted for 12        outcomes.                         Program runs from 1 January
                 and market changes.                    months.                                                                     2026 through to 30 June 2027.
                                                                                                  Current plans:
                 Acknowledges demonstrated              Group performance measured                                                  Reward opportunity is 50% FR
                 individual performance and daily       against an STI scorecard                  FY24: 1 Jul 2023 to 30 Jun 2026   where 50% received as cash and
                 operational contributions.             consisting of:                                -rTSR (50%), ROIC (50%)       the remainder as rights to
                                                        Financial Measures (65%)                                                    shares, awarded under the LTI
                 Structured to attract, motivate                                                  FY25: 1 Jul 2024 to 30 Jun 2027   Plan Rules.
                 and retain high calibre talent to      Non financial measures (35%)                  -rTSR (50%), ROIC (50%)
                 shape and execute Company
                 strategy.                              Aligned with annual Company               FY26: 1 Jul 2026 to 30 Jun 2027
                                                        priorities and long-term strategy             -rTSR (50%), ROIC (50%)
                                                        execution.
                                                                                                  The three-year performance
                                                        Equity-based deferral provides            period aligns Executives’
                                                        alignment between executives              interests with long-term
                                                        and shareholders.                         Company performance and
                                                                                                  shareholder interests, while
                                                                                                  enhancing retention.




                                                                                             25
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

           4.2 Remuneration Mix
           The FY26 Executive KMP remuneration mix at maximum opportunity is illustrated below.

            FY26 Executive KMP potential maximum pay mix 1




                        1.   FY26 Equity awards for the CEO & MD will need to be approved by shareholders. The CEO & MD remuneration mix illustrated above




For personal use only
                             applies to Mr C. Wilesmith, current CEO & MD. As the previous CEO, who served as EC & CEO, Mr A. McKay had a different
                             remuneration mix.



           5. Financial performance and link to remuneration
           The Board remains committed to aligning executive remuneration outcomes with performance. This section outlines
           Bapcor’s financial performance over the past five years and its connection with remuneration outcomes.

           5.1 Company Five‑year Financial Performance

            Over the five years to FY26, Bapcor has experienced a period of declining profitability and shareholder returns,
            reflecting a combination of challenging market conditions, increased competition, operational complexity, higher cost
            of doing business and strategic investment in the supply chain and IT projects. While statutory and underlying NPAT,
            return on invested capital and relative TSR have declined over the period, in the past two years progress has been
            made to simplify the Group's operations and improve cost discipline. During FY26, the Company commenced a reset
            of its business foundations, strengthened governance and introduced initiatives aimed at improving customer
            outcomes, capital efficiency and long-term financial performance. These actions are intended to position Bapcor to
            deliver more sustainable earnings growth and shareholder value creation over time.


            Short-Term Performance Measures                                                       Long-Term Performance Measures




                                                                                        26
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026



           Further details of the Company’s financial performance are provided in the table below.
                                                                                                              2024           2025
                                                                               2022           2023         Restated       Restated              2026
                Statutory NPAT $m1                                            125.8          106.4           (165.4)             19.1      (431.6)
                Increase/(decrease) in statutory NPAT                          5.9%       (15.4%)          (255.5%)         111.6%       (2356.1%)
                Statutory EPS (cents)3                                        37.05          31.36             (48.7)             5.6        (97.7)
                Increase/(decrease) in statutory EPS3                          5.9%       (15.4%)          (255.4%)         111.6%       (1833.9%)
                Dividend declared (cents per share)                            21.5           22.0               15.0            13.5             0.0
                Increase/(decrease) in dividend declared                       7.5%          2.3%            (31.8%)        (10.0%)       (100.0%)
                Share price at 30 June ($ per share)                           6.08           5.94               5.14            5.00            0.44
                Market capitalisation at 30 June ($m)                         2,064          2,016             1,744          1,697             292.6




For personal use only
            1 NPAT attributable to members of Bapcor Limited (please refer to bar graph above)
            2 ROIC has been calculated as Proforma EBIT after Tax on Net Debt + Equity (please refer to bar graph above)
            3 Where appropriate, EPS has been adjusted to take into consideration the impact of rights issues performed and the impact on the number of
                 shares as per AASB 133 Earnings Per Share

           5.2 Five‑year Remuneration outcomes
           Executive KMP remuneration is closely aligned with key short‑term and long‑term performance outcomes. The table
           below outlines remuneration outcomes for Executive KMP over the past five years.

            REMUNERATION OUTCOMES                                              FY22           FY23           FY24           FY25           FY26

            STI outcome (average % of maximum)                                 48%            23%             0%             0%             0%
            LTI vesting outcome (% of maximum)                                   0%             0%             0%            0%             0%


           5.3 Fixed Remuneration
           Fixed Remuneration comprises base salary, superannuation, and non‑cash benefits that may include a motor vehicle
           allowance. It is reviewed annually and set competitively to attract and retain high calibre talent. Consideration is given
           to expertise, scope and complexity of the role, performance, internal relativities, and market changes.

           An independent market benchmarking exercise is conducted every 2 years. The last benchmark was conducted in
           June 2026 with Korn Ferry. Market benchmarks are typically set with reference to relevant comparator groups, as
           determined by the NRESGC each year.

           The table below outlines the Fixed Remuneration entitlements for Executive KMP in FY25 and FY26.
                                                                                                                                 %
            KMP                    POSITION                                                          FY25              FY26 CHANGE
            C Wilesmith 1          Chief Executive Officer and Managing                               N/A         $1,300,000    N/A
                                   Director
            K Kerr 2               Chief Financial Officer                                      $800,000            $800,000             N/A

            FORMER KMP
            A McKay 3    Executive Chair and Chief Executive                                  $1,900,000          $1,525,000            (20%)
                         Officer
            M Bernhard 4 Interim Managing Director and Chief                                    $900,000                   N/A           N/A
                         Executive Officer
             1 C Wilesmith commenced on 14 January 2026.
             2 K Kerr commenced on 12 May 2025.
             3 A McKay commenced on 22 August 2024, stepped down as Executive Chair on 24 November 2025 and resigned as CEO effective 14 January
               2026
             4 M Bernhard’s appointment as Interim Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer ended on 22 August 2024.




                                                                                   27
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

           5.4 FY26 Short‑Term Incentive (STI) Plan
           The STI is an annual incentive plan designed to motivate and reward Executive KMP for the achievement of
           pre‑determined financial and non‑financial measures, as set by the Board. These performance‑based outcomes
           provide an appropriate link between Executive KMP remuneration and the creation of shareholder value
                Delivery of      Following the performance assessment, the STI award will be delivered as 50% cash and
                award            the remaining 50% as deferred equity for a period of 12 months.
                                 If a participant resigns or leaves the Company before the receipt of any deferred STI, they
                                 will remain entitled to the deferred component which will be released per the applicable STI
                                 plan terms, unless it is subject to the Company’s “clawback” policy (please refer to
                                 ‘Clawback’ section for further details).
                                 No dividends are attached to any deferred equity until the twelve‑month period has
                                 concluded. In recognition that the award has already been earned, a dividend equivalent will
                                 be paid to participants.
                STI              The STI opportunity is set in accordance with the scope, complexity and accountability
                opportunity      within each role. Market benchmarks are also taken into consideration.




For personal use only
                                 The table below outlines the Executive KMP STI opportunity (as applicable) at Target and
                                 Maximum:
                                 ROLE          TARGET STI OPPORTUNITY                  MAXIMUM STI OPPORTUNITY
                                 CEO & MD       100% of Fixed Remuneration             150% of Fixed Remuneration
                                 CFO            50% of Fixed Remuneration              75% of Fixed Remuneration

                                 In the STI plan, Executive KMP must reach 120% of the target performance level to attain
                                 the maximum earning potential, incentivising and encouraging outperformance.


                Performance      STI outcomes are determined by the Board at the end of each financial year, based on the
                measures         achievement of pre‑determined financial and non‑financial metrics, through a balanced
                and              scorecard. The performance measures are aligned with Group and Segment targets as well
                weightings       as key strategic priorities for the twelve‑month period, complementing the achievement of
                                 the Group’s long‑term strategy.

                                  CATEGORY              PERFORMANCE MEASURE                           WEIGHTING
                                  Financial             Group Underlying NPAT                               35%
                                                        Group pro-forma Revenue                             15%
                                                        Average Group Inventory to pro-forma Sales          15%
                                                        H1 – Inventory reduction                             5%
                                  Non-Financial         Customer                                             5%
                                                        Culture                                             10%
                                                        Strategic Projects                                  15%
                                                        STI Values Modifier: 80%-100% of overall STI earned

                                 An STI Values Modifier emphasises Bapcor’s values by ensuring focus on both ‘what’ is
                                 achieved and ‘how’ it is achieved, promoting a positive Company culture. This modifier can
                                 reduce, but not increase, the STI earned if cultural and values expectations are not met.


                Calculation of   The STI award is calculated as follows:
                the STI award
                                     Fixed              STI            Performance        Behaviours
                                                                                                          STI award
                                  remuneration x     Opportunity   x    Outcome       x    Modifier  =
                                                                                                              $
                                       $                %                   %                 %
                Determination    The STI award is determined after the end of the financial year following a review of
                of the STI       performance against the STI performance measures.
                award



                                                                           28
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

                Cessation of         If an Executive KMP ceases employment with Bapcor prior to the STI payment being paid,
                employment           the Executive KMP will forfeit any awards that were to be received for the performance
                                     period, unless the Board determines otherwise.
                                     Should an Executive KMP be dismissed for serious misconduct post the STI payment date,
                                     any deferred amount will be forfeited in accordance with the clawback policy.
                Change of            If a ‘Change of Control’ occurs or the Company sells the whole or a substantial part of
                control              Bapcor Limited, the Board may in its discretion determine whether and in what amount to
                                     pay any STI awards.
                Clawback             The Board retains the discretion to adjust, forfeit or recover a payment or issue if, in their
                                     opinion, the participant;
                                     › Acts fraudulently, or dishonestly.
                                     › Willfully breaches their duties to the Group; or
                                     › Is responsible for material financial misstatements, major negligence, significant legal,
                                     regulatory and/or policy non‑compliance, or a significant harmful act.




For personal use only
           5.5 Short‑term incentive – performance outcomes
           The following tables show the actual STI performance outcomes for Executive KMP in FY26:

            PERFORMANCE                                                     SCORECARD                       FY26 PERFORMANCE
            MEASURE                     WEIGHTING      OBJECTIVE            PERFORMANCE                  LEVEL OF ACHIEVEMENT
                Financial

                Group                     35.0%       Increase group        Did not meet threshold due to            Not achieved
                Underlying NPAT                       Underlying NPAT       lower gross margin dollars, cost
                                                      subject to market     inflation and investment in
                                                      conditions            technology, supply chain and
                                                                            operational capability.
                Group pro-forma           15.0%       Focus on top-line Met threshold                                Partially Met
                Revenue                               performance and
                                                      growth
                Average Group             15.0%       Improve               Did not meet threshold due to            Not achieved
                Inventory as a                        performance by        supply chain capability
                % of Sales                            increasing
                                                      inventory turns
                H1 Inventory               5.0%       Reduction in          Did not meet threshold as above          Not achieved
                Reduction                             inventory

                Non‑financial

                Customer                  5.0%        H2 – NPS Score        Measured for the first time, the                  Met
                                                                            customer NPS is strong in Retail
                                                                            and Trade with improvements
                                                                            required in Networks and NZ.
                Culture                   10.0%       Engagement            We are seeing overall                    Partially Met
                                                      Scores                improvements in engagement
                                                                            levels, with NZ over achieving and
                                                      Safety                Trade, Supply Chain and some
                                                                            corporate functions meeting
                                                                            threshold. Safety targets were met
                                                                            by NZ and Supply Chain.
                Strategic Projects        15.0%       Delivery of          Strategic projects are specific to        Partially Met
                                                      strategic priorities each BU/Function



                                                                                29
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

           FY26 Executive KMP STI outcomes
           The following table outlines the Executive KMP FY26 STI outcomes.

                                                                                             ACTUAL
                                           MAXIMUM       ACTUAL STI                              STI DEFERRED STI
                                                                            STI FORFEITED
                                          STI AS A %      AS A % OF              AS A % OF AWARDED    (50% ACTUAL
                EXECUTIVE KMP                OF FAR       MAXIMUM                MAXIMUM           $          STI)
                Current
                Chris Wilesmith 1              150%                   nil           100%             nil               nil
                Angus McKay 2                    N/A                 N/A              N/A            nil                nil
                Kim Kerr                         75%                  nil           100%             nil                nil
           1 C Wilesmith commenced as CEO & MD on 14 January 2026.
           2 A McKay was not eligible for the FY26 STI plan




For personal use only
           FY25 Deferred STI outcome
           There were no Executive KMP eligible for STI payments in FY25; accordingly, no deferred shares were awarded.

           5.6 FY26 Long‑Term Incentive (LTI) plan
           The LTI plan rewards Executive KMP for generating sustainable long‑term value over a three‑year performance period.
           The plan serves to attract and retain key executives while aligning their interests with shareholders by promoting
           long‑term growth and value creation.
           The key features of the FY26 LTI plan under which grants were made to Executive KMP are as follows:

               Feature              Approach

               Participants         Executives who were employed at the commencement of the financial year and those invited by the
               under the plan       Board to participate who commenced during the financial year.

               LTI                  The LTI opportunity reflects scope, accountabilities and impact that a role would make over a
               Opportunity          three‑year performance period. Market benchmarks are also taken into consideration when
                                    determining the opportunity.
                                    The maximum face value of LTI opportunity that can be granted, expressed as a percentage of
                                    Fixed Remuneration is:

                                    ROLE                                     MAXIMUM (CAP)

                                    EC & CEO 1                               250% of Fixed Remuneration
                                    CEO & MD 2                               150% of Fixed Remuneration
                                    CFO                                      75% of Fixed Remuneration

               Instrument           Performance rights will vest upon the Board’s satisfaction of the performance conditions being met,
                                    and do not carry any voting rights or dividend entitlements

               Allocation of        The number of performance rights issued to each executive is determined by dividing the
               performance          participants maximum LTI value by the face value basis using a 10‑day volume weighted average
               rights               price (VWAP) of Bapcor shares following the announcement of FY25 Financial results 29 August
                                    2025.

               Performance          The performance period is three years.
               Period




                                                                             30
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

               Feature          Approach

               Performance      The performance measures and their relative weightings are given below:
               measures
                                        PERFORMANCE MEASURE                                             WEIGHTING %

                                        Relative Total Shareholder Return (rTSR)                        50%
                                        Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)                               50%

                                rTSR will be tested by comparing the Company’s TSR performance over the performance period
                                relative to the TSR of the constituents of the ASX 200 Index less Financials and Mining as at 30
                                June 2025. The test will be conducted by an independent, external provider. rTSR incorporates
                                both share appreciation and dividends. For Bapcor and the ASX 200 Index constituents less
                                Financials and Mining as at 30 June 2025, the Share price at the start and end of the performance
                                period will be determined as the 10-day VWAP of the Company’s Shares preceding the start and




For personal use only
                                end of the performance period. Dividends will be assumed to have been reinvested on the ex-
                                dividend date.
                                ROIC focuses on capital efficiency and returns, which complements Bapcor’s other existing
                                remuneration key performance indicators, including those that continue to be focused on growth
                                and expansion.
                                The ROIC percentage hurdle for the FY26 Performance Rights will be calculated as FY28 pro-
                                forma earnings before interest (after tax) divided by the FY28 Average Invested Capital. The FY28
                                Average Invested Capital is calculated as the average of: (i) Bapcor’s FY28 opening net equity plus
                                net debt; and (ii) Bapcor’s FY28 closing net equity plus net debt.

               Vesting Scales      MEASURE        PERFORMANCE LEVEL                             VESTING %

                                                  Below the 50th percentile                     Nil
                                                  At 50th percentile                            50% of TSR tranche
                                          rTSR
                                                  Above 50th percentile to 87.5th percentile    Straight line pro rata vesting
                                                  At or above the 87.5th percentile             100% of TSR tranche

                                                  Below 10.2%                                   Nil
                                         ROIC     Between 10.2% and 12.2%                       Straight line pro rata vesting
                                                  At and above max 12.2%                        100% of tranche

               Amendments       To the extent permitted by the ASX Listing Rules, the Board retains the discretion to vary the terms
                                and conditions of the LTI. This includes varying the number of Performance Rights or the number of
                                shares to which a participant is entitled upon a reorganisation of the capital of Bapcor.

               Other terms      Shares acquired on the conversion of vested Performance Rights cannot be sold for a period of
                                twelve months from the date the rights satisfied the performance hurdles.
                                Performance rights cannot be transferred, encumbered, or hedged.

               Cessation of     The LTI performance rights are subject to the participant being employed (or contracted) for the full
               employment       performance period of 3 years.
                                If the participant is a “good leaver”, the prorate number of months completed may vest if the
                                performance hurdles are achieved. If the participant is not a “good leaver”, any unvested rights will
                                automatically lapse on the date of the cessation of employment, subject to any determination
                                otherwise by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion.




                                                                        31
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

               Feature                     Approach

               Clawback                    Where, in the opinion of the Board, the participant:
                                           › acts fraudulently, or dishonestly;
                                           › wilfully breaches their duties to the Group; or
                                           › is responsible for material financial misstatements, major negligence, significant legal, regulatory
                                           and/or policy non‑compliance, or a significant harmful act.
                                           The Board may, at its sole and absolute discretion, deem some or all of the unvested, or vested but
                                           unconverted, performance rights granted to that participant to be forfeited and to have lapsed.
                                           Under specific circumstances any vested equity can be clawed back from the participant.
            (1)         When A McKay stepped down as Executive Chair and took a reduction in fixed remuneration, his rights to the LTI grants for FY26 were removed.
            (2)         C Wilesmith equity grant under the FY26 LTI Plan is subject to shareholder approval.


           5.7 FY24 Long‑term incentive plan outcomes




For personal use only
           During FY26, the performance outcomes for the FY24 LTI plan were independently tested by an independent third party
           and resulted as follows:

                                                                                                                                      VESTING
                MEASURE WEIGHTING THRESHOLD TARGET                                      PERFORMANCE OUTCOME                           OUTCOME
                rTSR    50%       50th percentile ranking                               1st percentile ranking relative to                0.0%
                                                                                        TSR peer group.
                ROIC               50%              12.5%                               7.8%                                                 0.0%


           As a result of not meeting threshold targets, no vesting has occurred for the FY24 LTI plan.




                                                                                           32
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            6. Executive KMP realised remuneration (non‑statutory)
           The following table provides a summary of remuneration received by Executive KMP during FY26 and is unaudited. This
           information provides further transparency to give shareholders a clearer understanding of Executive KMP remuneration
           and is supplementary to the Statutory details of remuneration given in the subsequent section of this report.


                                                                                                          PREVIOUS YEAR AWARDS THAT
                                                                                                                  VESTED DURING FY26
               EXECUTIVE KMP           YEAR            FIXED      TERMINATION     CASH           OTHER        PRIOR       VESTED AND        NON-       TOTAL
                                                    REMUNER-        PAYMENTS       STI 2                     YEARS     UNRESTRICTED 3   MONETARY    RECEIVED
                                                      ATION 1                                             DEFERRED
                                                                                                                 STI
               C Wilesmith 4              FY26        606,708                                    34,760                                               641,468

                                          FY25               -                -        -              -            -                -           -            -

               K Kerr                     FY26        800,000                                                                                         800,000




For personal use only
                                          FY25        115,454                 -        -              -            -                -           -     115,454

               FORMER KMP

               M Bernhard                 FY26                                -                                                                              -

                                          FY25        150,422                 -        -        117,000            -                -           -     267,422
                              5
               A McKay                    FY26        965,685          707,751                                                      -                1,673,436

                                          FY25      1,638,702                 -        -              -            -                -           -    1,638,702

               G Saoud                    FY26                                                                                                               -

                                          FY25        715,014                 -        -              -            -                -      42,498     757,512

               Total                      FY26      2,372,393          707,751         -         34,760            -                -           -    3,114,904

                                          FY25      2,619,592                          -        117,000            -                -      42,498    2,779,090

            (1)         Fixed Remuneration is the aggregate of cash salary, superannuation and fringe benefits.
            (2)         Cash STI is the amount accrued in the year ended 30 June 2026 and paid in September 2026.
            (3)         Vested and unrestricted LTI is the value of the vested LTI on the day it is no longer under restriction for sale.
            (4)         C Wilesmith commenced as CEO on 14 January 2026. Other payments represent relocation support received during FY26.
            (5)         A McKay stepped down as Executive Chair and resumed the role of CEO on 24 November 2025; he resigned as CEO effective 14 January 2026.




                                                                                           33
                Bapcor Limited
                Directors’ report
                30 June 2026



           7. Statutory details of remuneration
            The statutory remuneration disclosures for the year ended 30 June 2026 are detailed below under the following headings and are prepared in accordance with Australian
            Accounting Standards (AASBs) and have been audited.




For personal use only
            7.1 Remuneration Executive KMP

                                                             SHORT TERM BENEFITS                                                                                    SHARE BASED PAYMENTS
                                                                                                SUPERANNU       OTHER LONG                                                                                           PERFOR-
                                                                                                                                TERMINATION         OTHER                                             TOTAL
                             EXECUTIVE                CASH                                        ATION            TERM                                                                                               MANCE
                                                                                  NON-                                           PAYMENTS 3       PAYMENTS 4     PERFORMANCE        RIGHTS TO
                                                     SALARY 1       CASH STI                     BENEFITS        BENEFITS2                                                                                          RELATED %
                                                                                MONETARY                                                                            RIGHTS 5        SHARES 6

                C Wilesmith 7            FY26         $591,708                                       $15,000        $149,376                          $34,760            $29,580       $27,108         $847,532         7%

                                         FY25                   -          -                -               -               -                 -              -                  -              -                -

                K Kerr                   FY26         $770,000                                       $30,000        $104,949                                             $57,623       $69,359        $1,031,931       12%

                                         FY25         $107,928             -                -         $7,483          $8,250                                 -                                         $123,661          -

                FORMER EXECUTIVES

                A McKay                  FY26         $948,185                                       $17,500         $79,510       $1,358,011                         ($434,761)     ($180,786)       $1,787,660         -

                                         FY25       $1,608,769             -                -        $29,933         $89,452                                           $434,765       $516,394        $2,679,313       36%

                M Bernhard               FY26                   -          -                -               -               -                 -              -                  -              -                -        -

                                         FY25         $145,434             -                -         $5,999          $3,759                         $115,990                                          $271,181          -

                G Saoud                  FY26                   -          -                -               -               -                 -              -                  -              -                -        -

                                         FY25         $647,236             -         $42,498         $67,778         $24,870                                 -                        $126,205         $908,587        14%
                TOTALS                   FY26       $2,309,893             -                -        $62,500        $333,835       $1,358,011         $34,760         ($347,558)      ($84,319)       $3,667,122         -
                                          FY25        $2,509,367             -         $42,498       $111,193         $126,331                   -       $115,990          $434,765      $642,599        $3,982,742        27%
            (1)         Cash salary received excludes accrued annual leave.
            (2)         Other Long-Term Benefits includes annual leave and long service leave accrual for FY26 and the FY26 expense of the retention cash bonus for C Wilesmith, subject to shareholder approval, and for K Kerr.
            (3)         Termination payment for A McKay represents his cash salary and superannuation for his notice period following his resignation as CEO effective on 14 January 2026 and has been completely expensed to FY26
                        under AASB 119.
            (4)         Other payments included Relocation arrangements for C Wilesmith in FY26 and discretionary payment for M Bernhard in FY25.
            (5)         Performance Rights includes the fair value of FY25 and FY26 LTI grants including those expensed for C Wilesmith which are subject to shareholder approval in October 2026.
            (6)         Rights to Shares includes the fair value of FY26 Group Retention Program for C Wilesmith (subject to shareholder approval) and K Kerr; and Sign-on Bonus for A McKay for his time as KMP.
            (7)         C Wilesmith commenced as CEO & MD on 14 January 2026.




                                                                                                                           34
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026


           7.2 Terms of Executive KMP service agreements
           Remuneration and other terms of employment for Executive KMP are formalised in service agreements.
           Details of these agreements are as follows.

           Current Executive KMP

            Contract term       CEO & MD (Chris Wilesmith)                         CFO (Kim Kerr)
            Type of contract    Permanent ongoing employment                       Permanent ongoing employment
            Notice period     12 months                                            6 months
                              Immediate termination of employment for              Immediate termination of employment for
                              serious misconduct. Individual will be entitled      serious misconduct. Individual will be entitled
                              to payment of TFR up to the date of their            to payment of TFR up to the date of their
                              termination and their statutory entitlements.        termination and their statutory entitlements.
            How unvested      Upon resignation or termination all unvested         Upon resignation or termination all unvested




For personal use only
            equity is treated deferred equity is forfeited – unless the Board      deferred equity is forfeited – unless the Board
            on leaving Bapcor determines otherwise.                                determines otherwise.

                                If exit is due to redundancy or classified as a    If exit is due to redundancy or classified as a
                                ‘good leaver’, unless the Board determines         ‘good leaver’, unless the Board determines
                                otherwise, then:                                   otherwise, then:
                                - Any vested or pro‑rata LTIP payments, as         - Any vested or pro rata LTIP payments, as
                                determined by the Board, may be payable            determined by the Board, may be payable
                                upon termination. Pro‑rata payments will           upon termination. Pro rata payments will reflect
                                reflect the portion of the financial year worked   the portion of the financial year worked and
                                and remain subject to applicable LTIP vesting      remain subject to applicable LTIP vesting
                                conditions at the time of assessment.              conditions at the time of assessment.
            Change of control   If a Change of Control results in Bapcor           If a Change of Control occurs
                                delisting from the ASX:                            - Pro rata vesting of FY26 Group Retention
                                -Forfeiture of vesting of FY26 LTI grant made      Program of unvested cash and unvested
                                and that entitlement will be paid in cash; and     equity award rights with Board discretion
                                -if FY26 STI deemed payable, this will be paid     as to how to treat the remaining unvested
                                at 100% Fixed Remuneration, pro-rated for the      cash award and rights
                                proportion of time employed before the date of
                                the change of control.
                                - Pro rata vesting of FY26 Group Retention
                                Program of unvested cash and unvested
                                equity award rights with Board discretion as to
                                how to treat the remaining unvested cash
                                award and rights
            Post employment     12-month non-competition and non-solicitation       6-month non-competition and non-solicitation
            restraints          (employees, customers and suppliers)                (employees, customers and suppliers)
                                restriction from termination date.                  restriction from termination date.




                                                                         35
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            Former Executive KMP
            Contract term    Interim CEO (Mark Bernhard)                          EC & CEO (Angus McKay)
            Type of contract    Fixed-term contract                               Permanent ongoing employment
            Notice period     6 months.                                          12 months
                              Immediate termination of employment for serious Immediate termination of employment for serious
                              misconduct. Individual will be entitled to payment misconduct. Individual will be entitled to payment
                              of TFR up to the date of their termination and     of TFR up to the date of their termination and
                              their statutory entitlements.                      their statutory entitlements.
            How unvested      Not applicable.                                    Upon resignation or termination all unvested
            equity is treated                                                    deferred equity is forfeited – unless the Board
            on leaving Bapcor                                                    determines otherwise.

                                                                                  If exit is due to redundancy or classified as a
                                                                                  ‘good leaver’, unless the Board determines
                                                                                  otherwise, then:




For personal use only
                                                                                  • Any vested or pro rata LTIP payments, as
                                                                                  determined by the Board, may be payable upon
                                                                                  termination. Pro rata payments will reflect the
                                                                                  portion of the financial year worked and remain
                                                                                  subject to applicable LTIP vesting conditions at
                                                                                  the time of assessment.
                                                                                  • Any unvested Sign-on Rights will vest and
                                                                                  entitlement to receive the benefit in cash –
                                                                                  calculated by multiplying the number of Sign-on
                                                                                  Rights by the volume weighted average price
                                                                                  over the 30 ASX trading days ending on and
                                                                                  including the Change of Control.

            Change of control   Not applicable.                                   As EC & CEO (prior to 24 November 2025:
                                                                                  If a Change of Control results in Bapcor delisting
                                                                                  from the ASX:
                                                                                  • Sign-on Rights: Unvested Sign-on Rights will
                                                                                  fully vest, with the cash value (based on the 30-
                                                                                  day VWAP up to and including the Change of
                                                                                  Control) paid within 7 days.
                                                                                  • LTI Awards: If a Change of Control occurs
                                                                                  in FY25, a minimum of 150% of Total
                                                                                  Remuneration Package (as at the Operative
                                                                                  Date) will vest. If in FY26, the FY26 LTIP will
                                                                                  vest on a pro rata basis based on the
                                                                                  elapsed performance period. A portion of the
                                                                                  FY25 LTIP will also vest, ensuring that the
                                                                                  total vesting across FY25 and FY26 equals
                                                                                  at least the FY25 vesting amount described
                                                                                  above.

                                                                                  As CEO (from 24 November 2025):
                                                                                  Not applicable

            Post employment     Not applicable                                    12-month non-competition and non-solicitation
            restraints                                                            (employees, customers and suppliers) restriction
                                                                                  from termination date.




                                                                       36
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

           7.3 NED remuneration
           NED fees reflect the responsibilities and demands of the role and are reviewed annually by the NRESGC. The
           Committee aims to set fees at a level that attracts and retains high calibre directors with diverse experience, skills, and
           qualifications to enable effective oversight of management and the Company. The NRESGC may engage independent
           remuneration consultants to ensure fees remain competitive and market aligned. Refer to section five for details on
           consultancy advice received in FY26.

           The maximum aggregate fee pool of $1,500,000 was approved by shareholders at the AGM on 20 October 2020.
           The following fee policy for the Board and Committees took effect from 1 July 2025.

               NED TYPE 1               PERIOD                        BOARD              DEPUTY          NRESGC2              ARC3              LID4
                                                                                          CHAIR

                         Chair 5            1 July – 23 Nov               -                    -          $30,000            $30,000           $30,000

                                           24 Nov – 30 Jun 6          $375,000              $30,000       $30,000            $30,000               -




For personal use only
                        Member                                        $140,000                            $15,000            $15,000
            (1)         All fee amounts are inclusive of compulsory superannuation obligations.
            (2)         Nomination, Remuneration and ESG Committee
            (3)         Audit & Risk Committee
            (4)         Lead Independent Director.
            (5)         From 24 November 2025, Angus McKay stepped down as EC & CEO, L Edwards was appointed Board Chair and the position of LID was removed
                        K Spargo was appointed Deputy Chair.
            (6)         Board Chair Fee is inclusive of any possible committee fees from 24 November 2025.


           Fees paid to NEDs in FY26 are set out on the table below. Fees are paid in cash, with no options or share rights granted.
           NEDs are not entitled to any payments upon retirement or resignation from the Board. Directors may be reimbursed for
           expenses properly incurred by the Director in connection with Bapcor’s business, including travel and other related costs.

                                                                                                       POST-EMPLOYMENT
                                                                     SHORT-TERM BENEFITS
                            NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                                         BENEFITS                        TOTAL
                                                                              FEES 1                   SUPERANNUATION 2
               L Edwards 3                                FY26                         $227,508                        $20,134                   $247,641
                                                          FY25                                     -                           -                          -
               K Spargo 4                                 FY26                         $171,575                        $20,620                   $192,194
                                                          FY25                         $155,082                        $15,799                   $170,881
               A Carey 5                                  FY26                         $110,297                        $13,236                   $123,533
                                                          FY25                                     -                           -                          -
               J Korhonen                                 FY26                         $141,999                        $17,071                   $159,069
                                                          FY25                          $57,081                         $6,564                     $63,645
               P Mann 5                                   FY26                         $113,839                        $13,661                   $127,500
                                                          FY25                                     -                           -                          -
               M Bernhard 6                               FY26                          $11,533                         $1,384                     $12,917
                                                          FY25                         $116,218                        $14,527                   $130,745
               M Haseltine 7                              FY26                                     -                           -                          -
                                                          FY25                          $77,844                        $12,295                     $90,139
               M Powell 8                                 FY26                          $78,028                         $9,398                     $87,426
                                                          FY25                         $178,405                        $18,116                   $196,521
               B Soller 9                                 FY26                          $12,649                         $1,518                     $14,167
                                                          FY25                         $156,036                        $15,896                   $171,932
               J Todd 9                                   FY26                          $12,649                         $1,518                     $14,167
                                                          FY25                         $156,157                        $15,892                   $172,049
               TOTALS                                     FY26                         $880,075                        $98,539                   $978,614
                                                          FY25                         $896,823                        $99,089                   $995,912


                                                                                       37
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            (1)         Fees include Board fees and Committee Fees
            (2)         Superannuation represents superannuation guarantee contributions up to the maximum contribution base for FY26.
            (3)         Mr Edwards was appointed to the Board on 1 October 2025 and commenced as Chair on 24 November 2025.
            (4)         Ms Spargo commenced as Deputy Chair on 24 November 2025.
            (5)         Ms Carey and Ms Mann were appointed to the Board on 1 October 2025.
            (6)         Mr Bernhard resigned from the Board on 23 July 2025.
            (7)         Mrs Haseltine retired from the Board on 16 October 2024.
            (8)         Mr Powell retired as LID on 24 November 2025 and resigned from the Board on 5 December 2025.
            (9)         Mr Soller and Mr Todd resigned from the Board on 23 July 2025.




For personal use only




                                                                                          38
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            7.4 Share‑based compensation relating to KMP
           The following table outlines the details of the LTI grants outstanding for each Executive KMP participant and other movements in performance rights in the year. As
           performance rights will not vest if the performance conditions are not satisfied, the minimum value of the performance right yet to vest is nil. The weighted average face value
           of shares is used to calculate the number of LTI performance rights granted.
           7.4.1 Executive equity instrument grants




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               PRIOR YEARS AWARD VESTED                      PRIOR YEARS AWARD FORFEITED / LAPSED        MAXIMUM TOTAL
                                                                                                  GRANTED       GRANTED                                                                                                  VALUE OF GRANT
               EXECUTIVE                EQUITY INSTRUMENT                        GRANT DATE
                                                                                                  UNITS 1       $2                                                                                                       YET TO BE
                                                                                                                                   %          UNITS 3       VESTED $ 4         %         UNITS 5       FORFEIT $ 6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         EXPENSED $


               C Wilesmith 7            FY26 Performance Rights                       TBC            453,244      $154,103          0                   -                -      0                  -                 -         $124,523


                                        FY26 Rights to Shares - Retention             TBC            215,891       $86,356          0                   -                -      0                  -                 -          $59,248


               K Kerr                   FY26 Performance Rights                    07.11.2025        170,019      $178,521         0                    -                -      0                  -                 -         $120,048


                                        FY26 Rights to Shares - Retention          21.01.2026        100,366      $195,714         0                    -                -      0                  -                 -         $131,075

                                        FY26 Rights to Shares – Retention
                                                                                   15.06.2026         35,730       $14,292         0                    -                -      0                  -                 -           $9,572
                                        (Add-on)

               A McKay                  FY25 Performance Rights                    16.10.2024               -             -        0                    -                -     100       (942,086)        ($434,761)                  -

                                        FY26 Performance Rights                    07.11.2025      1,345,900      $467,569         0                    -                -     100      (1,345,900)       ($467,569)                  -

                                        Sign-on Rights to Shares - Tranche 1       24.10.2024               -             -        100          72,019        $286,872         100        (72,019)        ($286,872)                  -

                                        Sign-on Rights to Shares - Tranche 2       24.10.2024               -             -        0                    -                -     100        (72,019)        ($139,437)                  -

                                        Sign-on Rights to Shares - Tranche 3       24.10.2024               -             -        0                    -                -     100        (72,019)         ($90,085)                  -


            (1)         Grants made to executives in FY26 constitute 100% of the grants available for the year and were made on the terms described in section 5.6
            (2)         The value of the performance rights and rights to shares represents the fair value.
            (3)         The first tranche of the Sign-on Rights for A McKay vested on 24 August 2025, however lapsed 14 January 2026 upon resignation.
            (4)         The value of the sign-on rights represents the fair value as per AASB grant date.
            (5)         All equity grants for A McKay were forfeited upon his resignation effective 14 January 2026.
            (6)         The value of the performance rights and sign-on rights represents the fair value.
            (7)         FY26 equity grants for C Wilesmith are subject to shareholder approval and have been estimated as at 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                                              39
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026


            7.4.2 Movements in Executive equity holdings

                EXECUTIVE               EQUITY INSTRUMENT           NUMBER AT        GRANTED         VESTED OR       LAPSED OR       NET            NUMBER AT END
                                                                    START OF         DURING THE      RELEASED        EXPIRED         CHANGE         OF YEAR
                                                                    YEAR             YEAR                                            OTHER

                C Wilesmith             Ordinary Shares                          -                                                       500,000             500,000

                                        Performance Rights                       -              --               -               -             -                    -

                                        Rights to Shares                         -              -                -               -             -                    -

                K Kerr                  Ordinary Shares                          -                                                        19,926              19,926

                                        Performance Rights                       -      170,019                                                              170,019

                                        Rights to Shares                         -      136,096                                                              136,096




For personal use only
                A McKay 1               Ordinary Shares                     10,000                         72,018       (72,018)           4,500              14,500

                                        Performance Rights              942,086        1,345,900                     (2,287,986)                                    -

                                        Rights to Shares                216,057                           (72,018)     (144,039)                                    -
            (1)         Mr McKay stepped down as Executive Chair on 24 November 2025 and resigned as CEO effective 14 January 2026. Consequently all
                        performance rights and rights to shares grants lapsed and the first tranche of sign-on rights that had vested were returned.




           7.5 Equity instrument disclosures relating NEDs

           Shareholding guidelines for NEDs
           The Board has a guideline that Non‑Executive Directors acquire a holding of shares in the Company so that, within five
           years of appointment, their holding reaches a minimum level of one times the base board fees.

           The numbers of ordinary voting shares in the Company held during the financial year by each director and KMP, including
           their related parties, are set out below.

               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                     EQUITY INSTRUMENT              NUMBER AT START         NET OTHER CHANGE         NUMBER AT END
                                                                                                 OF YEAR                                       OF YEAR


               L Edwards                                  Ordinary Shares                                  -                280,997                280,997


               K Spargo                                   Ordinary Shares                             50,000                106,177                156,177


               A Carey                                    Ordinary Shares                                  -                 20,824                 20,824


               J Korhonen                                 Ordinary Shares                              9,500                 19,306                 28,806


               P Mann                                     Ordinary Shares                                  -                 69,412                 69,412

               Former Non-executive directors

               Mark Powell 1                              Ordinary Shares                             33,000                  5,000                 38,000

               James Todd 2                               Ordinary Shares                             35,000                (20,000)                15,000

               Mark Bernhard 3                            Ordinary Shares                             37,500                         -              37,500

               Brad Soller 4                              Ordinary Shares                             18,500                         -              18,500

            (1)         M Powell ceased to be KMP on 5 December 2025, equity shown is for the period M Powell was KMP
            (2)         J Todd ceased to be KMP on 23 July 2025, equity shown is for the period J Todd was KMP

                                                                                           40
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors’ report
            30 June 2026

            (3)          M Bernhard ceased to be KMP on 23 July 2025, equity shown is for the period M Bernhard was KMP
            (4)          B Soller ceased to be KMP on 23 July 2025, equity shown is for the period B Soller was KMP



           7.7 Equity granted in the 2026 financial year
           The information below sets out the performance rights and retention rights granted during FY26.

                                                                                                                                              Share
                                              Performance                     Fair                                                          price on                         Risk
                                Grant date
                Equity                        measure     Quantity           value Performance Exercise                             Expiry valuation            Dividend     free     Other
                plan                                      Granted1               $       period   price              Test date       Date     date $ Volatility     Yield    rate conditions
                FY26 LTI            Relative TSR                672,995       0.30
                Plan (EC                                                                                                                                                                  Sale
                & CEO)                                                               01.07.2025 -                                                                                   restriction
                         07.11.2025 ROIC                        672,995       1.79                                  30.06.2028 10.11.2040       1.64   39.91%      5.92% 3.65%
                                                                                      30.06.2028                                                                                              to
                                                                                                         Nil                                                                       30.06.2029

                FY26 LTI                                                                                                                                                          Sale
                Plan                                                                                                                                                              restriction
                                           Relative TSR          85,009       0.31 01.07.2025 -
                (CFO)           07.11.2025                                                                          30.06.2028 10.11.2040       2.28 39.91%     5.92%       3.65% to
                                           ROIC                  85,010       1.79 30.06.2028




For personal use only
                                                                                                         Nil                                                                      30.06.2029

                FY26                                                                                                                                                              Sale
                Retention                                                                                                                                                         restriction
                                                                                   01.01.2026 –
                Plan      21.01.2026           n/a              100,366       1.95                       Nil        30.06.2027 21.01.2041       1.54 n/a        5.92%       3.85% to
                                                                                   30.06.2027
                (CFO)                                                                                                                                                             30.06.2028

                FY26                                                                                                                                                              Sale
                Retention                                                                                                                                                         restriction
                                                                                   01.01.2026 –
                Plan      15.06.2026 n/a                         35,730       0.40                       Nil        30.06.2027 21.01.2041       0.55 n/a        5.92%       3.85% to
                                                                                   30.06.2027
                (CFO)                                                                                                                                                             30.06.2028

            1           Due to rounding the total shares per tranche are not exactly 50/50 split but approximate that.
            2           The fair value represents the value used to calculate the accounting expense as required by accounting standards.




           7.8 Loans and other transactions with KMP
           No loans were made to any KMP in FY26 and there are no outstanding loans to any KMP. No other transactions occurred
           in FY26 with any KMP.



            Rounding of amounts
            The Company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2026/183, issued by the Australian Securities and
            Investments Commission, relating to ‘rounding‑off’. Amounts in this report have been rounded off in accordance with that
            Corporations Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases, the nearest dollar.

            This report is made in accordance with a resolution of directors, pursuant to section 298(2)(a) of the Corporations Act
            2001.

            On behalf of the directors.




                ___________________                                                                                 ____________________
                Lachlan Edwards                                                                                     Chris Wilesmith
                Chair                                                                                               Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director


                27 August 2026



                                                                                                               41
                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                        As lead auditor of Bapcor Limited's financial report for the year ended 30 June 2026, I declare that, to
                        the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                        a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation




For personal use only
                           to the audit of the financial report; and

                        b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit of the
                           financial report.




                        Alison Tait Milner                                                                                          Melbourne
                        Partner                                                                                                 27 August 2026
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers




                                                                     PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                                                     2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006,
                                                                     GPO Box 1331 MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                                                                     T: +61 3 8603 1000, F: +61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au

                         pwc.com.au                                  Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
            Bapcor Limited
            Contents
            30 June 2026

            Consolidated statement of comprehensive income                                                                             44
            Consolidated statement of financial position                                                                               45
            Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                                                                46
            Consolidated statement of cash flows                                                                                       48
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                                                             49
            Consolidated entity disclosure statement                                                                                  100
            Directors' declaration                                                                                                    102
            Independent auditor's report to the members of Bapcor Limited                                                             103
            Sustainability report                                                                                                     110
            Corporate directory                                                                                                       131

            General information
            The financial statements cover Bapcor Limited as a consolidated entity consisting of Bapcor Limited and the entities it
            controlled at the end of, or during, the year. The financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is Bapcor
            Limited's functional and presentation currency.




For personal use only
            Bapcor Limited is a listed public company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its registered office
            is 127-139 Link Road, Melbourne Airport VIC 3045 Australia, and principal place of business is 327 Ferntree Gully Road,
            Mount Waverley VIC 3149 Australia.

            A description of the nature of the consolidated entity's operations and its principal activities are included in the Directors'
            Report, which is not part of the financial statements.

            The financial statements were authorised for issue, in accordance with a resolution of directors, on 27 August 2026. The
            directors have the power to amend and reissue the financial statements.




                                                                           43
            Bapcor Limited
            Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
            For the year ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                             Restated
                                                                                                          Note    2026         2025
                                                                                                                  $'000        $'000

            Revenue                                                                                        4     1,924,144     1,975,767

            Share of profits of associates accounted for using the equity method                          15           982         1,097
            Other income                                                                                   5           137           456

            Expenses
            Cost of sales                                                                                        (1,059,955)   (1,085,422)
            Employee expenses                                                                                      (474,688)     (458,790)
            Freight                                                                                                 (33,266)      (29,013)
            Advertising                                                                                             (36,532)      (37,214)
            Other expenses                                                                                         (113,892)     (134,199)
            Motor vehicles                                                                                          (18,078)      (17,554)




For personal use only
            IT and communications                                                                                   (50,017)      (41,445)
            Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                          6       (101,137)      (94,827)
            Finance costs                                                                                  6        (35,644)      (37,277)
            Impairment of assets                                                                           7       (450,363)      (13,709)
            Total expenses                                                                                       (2,373,572)   (1,949,450)

            (Loss)/profit before income tax benefit/(expense)                                                     (448,309)       27,870

            Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                                   8        16,974         (8,649)

            (Loss)/profit after income tax benefit/(expense) for the year                                         (431,335)       19,221

            Other comprehensive (loss)/income

            Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
            Foreign currency translation                                                                           (19,782)         3,522
            Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                                            3,289         (1,095)
            Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                                          210            303

            Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax                                             (16,283)        2,730

            Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                                        (447,618)       21,951

            (Loss)/profit for the year is attributable to:
            Non-controlling interest                                                                                   299            86
            Owners of Bapcor Limited                                                                      24      (431,634)       19,135

                                                                                                                  (431,335)       19,221

            Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year is attributable to:
            Non-controlling interest                                                                                  (154)          324
            Owners of Bapcor Limited                                                                              (447,464)       21,627

                                                                                                                  (447,618)       21,951

                                                                                                                  Cents         Cents

            Basic earnings per share                                                                      27         (97.74)         5.64
            Diluted earnings per share                                                                    27         (97.74)         5.58

            Prior year comparatives have been restated, refer to note 2 for details of the restatement.




             The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
                                                                                44
            Bapcor Limited
            Consolidated statement of financial position
            As at 30 June 2026

                                                                                                                                Consolidated
                                                                                                                                  Restated    Restated
                                                                                                   Note          2026               2025     1 July 2024
                                                                                                                 $'000             $'000        $'000

            Assets

            Current assets
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              67,205            58,585       71,594
            Trade and other receivables                                                              9            154,652           170,335      198,587
            Inventories                                                                             10            524,807           545,171      528,577
            Derivative financial instruments                                                        20              3,250               156          394
            Income tax receivable                                                                    8              7,542            35,937       24,285
            Assets classified as held for sale                                                                          -             5,080       28,285
            Total current assets                                                                                  757,456           815,264      851,722

            Non-current assets




For personal use only
            Right-of-use assets                                                                     12            153,041           179,889      247,527
            Net investment in sublease                                                              11              2,372             2,997        2,370
            Property, plant and equipment                                                           13             91,727           109,903      115,241
            Intangibles                                                                             14            221,160           635,943      618,605
            Investments accounted for using the equity method                                       15              8,466             8,280        7,569
            Deferred tax                                                                             8             77,776            55,143       60,289
            Total non-current assets                                                                              554,542           992,155    1,051,601

            Total assets                                                                                        1,311,998          1,807,419   1,903,323

            Liabilities

            Current liabilities
            Trade and other payables                                                                16            247,406           257,761      244,298
            Provisions                                                                              17             47,918            46,734       71,688
            Lease liabilities                                                                       19             51,273            55,292       65,784
            Derivative financial instruments                                                        20                501             2,075          763
            Liabilities classified as held for sale                                                                     -             2,868       15,008
            Total current liabilities                                                                             347,098           364,730      397,541

            Non-current liabilities
            Provisions                                                                              17             19,128            18,099       17,788
            Borrowings                                                                              18            202,834           418,507      405,554
            Lease liabilities                                                                       19            177,697           168,413      222,824
            Total non-current liabilities                                                                         399,659           605,019      646,166

            Total liabilities                                                                                     746,757           969,749    1,043,707

            Net assets                                                                                            565,241           837,670      859,616

            Equity
            Issued capital                                                                          22          1,060,822           867,158      867,722
            Reserves                                                                                23             (7,864)            8,072        3,712
            (Accumulated losses) / Retained earnings                                                24           (489,633)          (39,331)     (12,646)
            Equity attributable to the owners of Bapcor Limited                                                   563,325           835,899      858,788
            Non-controlling interest                                                                25              1,916             1,771          828

            Total equity                                                                                          565,241           837,670      859,616

            Comparative period amounts have been restated. Refer to note 2 'Restatement of comparatives' for further details.




                        The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
                                                                                      45
            Bapcor Limited
            Consolidated statement of changes in equity
            For the year ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                                                  Non-
                                                    Contributed                                   (Accumulated controlling
                                                      equity         Other         Reserves           loss)     Interests     Total equity
            Consolidated                              $'000          $'000           $'000            $'000       $'000          $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2024                      878,652        (10,930)        3,712            (3,467)        828        868,795

            Prior period restatement (note
            2)                                                 -              -               -         (9,179)           -        (9,179)

            Balance at 1 July 2024 -
            restated                                    878,652        (10,930)        3,712           (12,646)        828        859,616

            Profit after income tax
            (expense) for the year                             -              -               -         19,135          86         19,221
            Other comprehensive income




For personal use only
            for the year, net of tax                           -              -        2,492                 -         238          2,730

            Total comprehensive income
            for the year                                       -              -        2,492            19,135         324         21,951

            Transactions with owners in
            their capacity as owners:
            Share-based payments, net of
            tax (note 35)                                      -             -         1,868                 -            -         1,868
            Treasury shares (note 22)                          -          (564)            -                 -            -          (564)
            Divestment of non-controlling
            interest                                           -              -               -              -         619            619
            Dividends paid (note 26)                           -              -               -        (45,820)          -        (45,820)

            Balance at 30 June 2025
            restated                                    878,652        (11,494)        8,072           (39,331)      1,771        837,670




                        The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
                                                                              46
            Bapcor Limited
            Consolidated statement of changes in equity
            For the year ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                                                  Non-
                                                    Contributed                                   (Accumulated controlling
                                                      equity         Other         Reserves           loss)     Interests     Total equity
            Consolidated                              $'000          $'000           $'000            $'000       $'000          $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2025 -
            restated                                    878,652        (11,494)        8,072           (39,331)      1,771        837,670

            (Loss)/profit after income tax
            benefit for the year                               -              -               -       (431,634)        299       (431,335)
            Other comprehensive
            (loss)/income for the year, net
            of tax                                             -              -       (16,129)               -        (154)       (16,283)

            Total comprehensive
            (loss)/income for the year                         -              -       (16,129)        (431,634)        145       (447,618)




For personal use only
            Transactions with owners in
            their capacity as owners:
            Contributions of equity, net of
            transaction costs (note 22)                 194,585               -               -              -            -       194,585
            Share-based payments, net of
            tax (note 35)                                      -             -           193                 -            -           193
            Treasury shares (note 22)                          -          (921)            -                 -            -          (921)
            Dividends paid (note 26)                           -             -             -           (18,668)           -       (18,668)

            Balance at 30 June 2026                   1,073,237        (12,415)        (7,864)        (489,633)      1,916        565,241




                        The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
                                                                              47
            Bapcor Limited
            Consolidated statement of cash flows
            For the year ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                                                 Consolidated

                                                                                                   Note       2026           2025
                                                                                                              $'000          $'000

            Cash flows from operating activities
            Receipts from customers (inclusive of GST)                                                        2,127,241     2,185,241
            Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of GST)                                           (1,960,294)   (2,002,181)
                                                                                                                166,947       183,060

            Borrowing costs                                                                                     (20,557)      (22,851)
            Interest paid on lease liabilities                                                                  (15,087)      (14,426)
            Income taxes received/(paid)                                                                         21,031       (12,157)

            Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                28        152,334        133,626

            Cash flows from investing activities




For personal use only
            Payment for purchase of business, net of cash and cash equivalents                                        -          (800)
            Payments for property, plant and equipment                                               13         (15,158)      (35,152)
            Payments for intangibles                                                                 14         (14,096)      (25,625)
            Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                               2,975         3,489
            Proceeds from divestment of businesses, net of expenses                                                   -         7,406

            Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                          (26,279)      (50,682)

            Cash flows from financing activities
            Proceeds from issue of shares, net of transaction costs                                  22        192,318              -
            Purchase of treasury shares                                                              22           (921)          (564)
            Proceeds from borrowings                                                                           115,000        127,500
            Repayment of borrowings                                                                           (331,500)      (114,285)
            Dividends paid                                                                           26        (18,668)       (45,820)
            Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                     (70,884)       (62,070)
            Borrowing transaction costs                                                                           (560)        (1,037)

            Net cash outflow from financing activities                                                        (115,215)       (96,276)

            Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                10,840        (13,332)
            Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                                    58,585         71,594
            Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                       (2,220)           323

            Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year                                          67,205         58,585




                        The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
                                                                           48
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026


            Note 1. Material accounting policy information                                                    50
            Note 2. Restatement of comparatives                                                               53
            Note 3. Segment information                                                                       55
            Note 4. Revenue                                                                                   58
            Note 5. Other income                                                                              58
            Note 6. Expenses                                                                                  59
            Note 7. Impairment of assets                                                                      60
            Note 8. Income tax expense/(benefit)                                                              61
            Note 9. Trade and other receivables                                                               64
            Note 10. Inventories                                                                              66
            Note 11. Net investment in sublease                                                               67
            Note 12. Right-of-use assets                                                                      67
            Note 13. Property, plant and equipment                                                            68
            Note 14. Intangibles                                                                              70
            Note 15. Investments accounted for using the equity method                                        73
            Note 16. Trade and other payables                                                                 73




For personal use only
            Note 17. Provisions                                                                               74
            Note 18. Borrowings                                                                               76
            Note 19. Lease liabilities                                                                        78
            Note 20. Derivative financial instruments                                                         78
            Note 21. Fair value measurement                                                                   79
            Note 22. Issued capital                                                                           81
            Note 23. Reserves                                                                                 82
            Note 24. (Accumulated losses) / Retained earnings                                                 83
            Note 25. Non-controlling interest                                                                 83
            Note 26. Dividends                                                                                83
            Note 27. Earnings per share                                                                       84
            Note 28. Reconciliation of profit/(loss) after income tax to net cash from operating activities   85
            Note 29. Financial risk management                                                                86
            Note 30. Related party transactions                                                               90
            Note 31. Deed of cross guarantee                                                                  90
            Note 32. Parent entity information                                                                93
            Note 33. Interests in subsidiaries                                                                94
            Note 34. Related party transactions - key management personnel disclosures                        95
            Note 35. Share-based payments                                                                     95
            Note 36. Remuneration of auditors                                                                 98
            Note 37. Commitments and contingent liabilities                                                   98
            Note 38. Events after the reporting period                                                        99




                                                                           49
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 1. Material accounting policy information
            The accounting policies that are material to the consolidated entity are set out either in the respective notes or below. The
            accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year, unless otherwise stated.

            Basis of preparation
            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of Bapcor Limited
            ('company' or 'parent entity') as at 30 June 2026 and the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended. Bapcor Limited
            and its subsidiaries together are referred to in these financial statements as the 'consolidated entity' or 'the Group'.

           These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards
           and Interpretations issued by the AASB and the Corporations Act 2001, as appropriate for for-profit oriented entities.
           These financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) as issued by the
           International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB').

           Historical cost convention
           The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for, where applicable, the




For personal use only
           revaluation of financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through other
           comprehensive income and derivative financial instruments.

            ●           Intangibles
            ●           Inventories
            ●           Provisions
            ●           Trade receivables

            Parent entity information
            In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, these financial statements present the results of the consolidated entity
            only. Supplementary information about the parent entity is disclosed in note 32.

            Reclassifications in prior year
           The financial statements contain some reclassifications of prior year disclosures to ensure comparability with the current
           year and are detailed in the respective notes where they have occurred.

            Principles of consolidation
           The consolidated entity has adopted all of the new or amended accounting standards and interpretations issued by the
           Australian Accounting Standards Board ('AASB') that are mandatory for the current reporting period.

           Non-controlling interest in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the statement of comprehensive
           income, statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the consolidated entity. Losses incurred by
           the consolidated entity are attributed to the non-controlling interest in full, even if that results in a deficit balance.

           Where the consolidated entity loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets including goodwill, liabilities and
           non-controlling interest in the subsidiary together with any cumulative translation differences recognised in equity. The
           consolidated entity recognises the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any investment retained
           together with any gain or loss in profit or loss.

            Foreign currency translation
            The financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is Bapcor Limited's functional and presentation
            currency.

            Transactions and balances
            Foreign currency transactions are translated into Australian dollars using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
            transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
            translation at financial year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
            recognised in profit or loss, except when deferred in equity as qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment
            hedges.




                                                                            50
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 1. Material accounting policy information (continued)
            Foreign operations
            The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars using the exchange rates at the
            reporting date. The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars using the average
            exchange rates, which approximate the rates at the dates of the transactions, for the period. All resulting foreign
            exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income through the foreign currency reserve in equity.

            The foreign currency reserve is recognised in profit or loss when the foreign operation or net investment is disposed of.

            Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of
            the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

            Current and non-current classification
            Assets and liabilities are presented in the statement of financial position based on current and non-current classification.




For personal use only
            An asset is classified as current when: it is either expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in the
            consolidated entity's normal operating cycle; it is held primarily for the purpose of trading; it is expected to be realised
            within 12 months after the reporting period; or the asset is cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being
            exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period. All other assets are classified as
            non-current.

            A liability is classified as current when: it is either expected to be settled in the consolidated entity's normal operating
            cycle; it is held primarily for the purpose of trading; it is due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting period; or
            there is no right at the end of the reporting period to defer the settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the
            reporting period. All other liabilities are classified as non-current.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are always classified as non-current.

            Impairment of assets
            Goodwill and other intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
            annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired.
            Other assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
            amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount
            exceeds its recoverable amount.

           Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use. The value-in-use is the
           present value of the estimated future cash flows relating to the asset using a pre-tax discount rate specific to the asset or
           cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Assets that do not have independent cash flows are grouped together to
           form a cash-generating unit.

            Goods and Services Tax ('GST') and other similar taxes
            Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of associated GST, unless the GST incurred is not
            recoverable from the tax authority. In this case it is recognised as part of the cost of the acquisition of the asset or as part
            of the expense.

            Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST
            recoverable from, or payable to, the tax authority is included in other receivables or other payables in the statement of
            financial position.

            Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing or financing
            activities which are recoverable from, or payable to the tax authority, are presented as operating cash flows.

            Rounding of amounts
            The company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2026/183, issued by the Australian Securities and
            Investments Commission, relating to 'rounding-off'. Amounts in this report have been rounded off in accordance with that
            Corporations Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases, the nearest dollar.




                                                                            51
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 1. Material accounting policy information (continued)

            New Accounting Standards and Interpretations not yet mandatory or early adopted
            The consolidated entity has adopted all new and amended Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations that
            became mandatory for the current reporting period. The adoption of these standards and interpretations did not have a
            material impact on the consolidated entity's financial statements.

            Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations that have recently been issued or amended but are not yet
            mandatory, have not been early adopted by the consolidated entity for the annual reporting period ended 30 June 2026.
            The consolidated entity's assessment of the impact of these new or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations,
            most relevant to the consolidated entity, are set out below.

            AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
            This standard is applicable to annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and early adoption is
            permitted. The standard replaces IAS 1 'Presentation of Financial Statements', with many of the original disclosure
            requirements retained and there will be no impact on the recognition and measurement of items in the financial




For personal use only
            statements. The standard will affect presentation and disclosure in the financial statements, including introducing five
            categories in the statement of comprehensive income: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued
            operations. The standard introduces two mandatory sub-totals in the statement: 'Operating profit' and 'Profit before
            financing and income taxes'. There are also new disclosure requirements for 'management-defined performance
            measures', such as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation ('EBITDA') or 'adjusted profit'. The
            standard provides enhanced guidance on grouping of information (aggregation and disaggregation), including whether to
            present this information in the primary financial statements or in the notes. The consolidated entity will adopt this standard
            from 1 July 2027 and it is expected that there will be a change to the layout of the statement of comprehensive income.

            Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
           The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that
           affect the reported amounts in the financial statements. Management continually evaluates its judgements and estimates
           in relation to assets, liabilities, contingent liabilities, revenue and expenses. Management bases its judgements, estimates
           and assumptions on historical experience and on other various factors, including expectations of future events,
           management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting judgements and estimates will
           seldom equal the related actual results. The judgements, estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of
           causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are included
           in the following notes to the consolidated financial statements:

            ●           note 8 - Income tax expense/(benefit)
            ●           note 9 - Trade and other receivables
            ●           note 10 - Inventories
            ●           note 14 - Intangibles
            ●           note 17 - Provisions
            ●           note 19 - Lease liabilities; and
            ●           note 35 - Share based payments.




                                                                          52
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 2. Restatement of comparatives
            Correction of errors
            Certain prior period errors disclosed in this note were identified and reported in the Group's 31 December 2025 Interim
            Financial Report, including the restatement of the 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2025 balance sheets. This note sets out the
            final adjustments arising from all identified prior period errors and the resulting restatement of the comparative financial
            information.

            The errors primarily relate to transactions that were incorrectly accounted for in prior periods, resulting in the
            misstatement of Inventory, Trade and Other Receivables, Property, Plant and Equipment, Trade and Other Payables, and
            the related Income Tax Receivable and Deferred Tax balances.

            Bapcor has also identified a payroll issue that impacts specific team members. This has come to light in preparation for
            the implementation of a new Human Resources Information System (HRIS), where a review of all employee data was
            established. The estimated impact for the period February 2020 to 31 December 2025 is $4.4M (pre-tax). Refer to note
            17 for further detail.




For personal use only
            The Group has restated each of the affected financial statement lines in the corresponding prior periods to correctly
            record these transactions.

            Statement of financial position at the beginning of the earliest comparative period

                                                 FY25          Increase /      FY25           FY24            Increase /     FY24
                                               Reported       (Decrease)      Restated       Reported        (Decrease)     Restated
                                                $'000            $'000         $'000          $'000             $'000        $'000

            Assets
            Inventory                              546,286          (1,115)      545,171          529,130           (553)      528,577
            Income tax receivable                   35,937               -        35,937           21,430          2,855        24,285
            Deferred tax assets                     50,945           4,198        55,143           62,806         (2,517)       60,289
            Property, plant and equipment          111,404          (1,501)      109,903          115,372           (131)      115,241
            Trade and other receivables            191,622         (21,287)      170,335          198,587              -       198,587
                                                   936,194         (19,705)      916,489          927,325           (346)      926,979
            Liability
            Trade and other payables               263,663          (5,902)      257,761          239,152          5,146       244,298
            Current Provision                       42,352           4,382        46,734           68,001          3,687        71,688
                                                   306,015          (1,520)      304,495          307,153          8,833       315,986

            Net Assets                             855,855         (18,185)      837,670          868,795         (9,179)      859,616

            Equity
            Retained earnings                      (21,146)        (18,185)      (39,331)          (3,467)        (9,179)      (12,646)
            Total equity                           855,855         (18,185)      837,670          868,795         (9,179)      859,616

            Impact on Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income - Extract

                                                                                              FY25                           FY25
                                                                                             Reported        Restatement    Restated
                                                                                              $'000             $'000        $'000

            Cost of sales                                                                     (1,080,534)         (4,888)   (1,085,422)
            Employee expenses                                                                   (458,094)           (696)     (458,790)
            IT and communications                                                                (40,076)         (1,369)      (41,445)
            Other expenses                                                                      (128,287)         (5,912)     (134,199)

            Profit before tax                                                                      40,735        (12,865)        27,870

            Income tax (expense)/benefit                                                          (12,510)         3,861         (8,649)

            Income (loss) after income tax expense                                                 28,225         (9,004)        19,221


                                                                         53
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 2. Restatement of comparatives (continued)
                                                                   Cents         Cents        Cents
                                                                  Reported    Restatement    Restated

            Basic earnings per share                                   8.29         (2.65)        5.64
            Diluted earnings per share                                 8.21         (2.63)        5.58




For personal use only




                                                             54
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 3. Segment information
            Description of segments
            The consolidated entity has identified four operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used
            by the CEO (who is identified as the Chief Operating Decision Maker ('CODM')) and is supported by the other members of
            the executive team and the Board of Directors where required in assessing performance and in determining the allocation
            of resources including capital allocations.

            Segment realignment
            As announced in April 2025, the group made a change to its business model, refocusing attention in the wholesaling
            operations within the Networks segment to selling and marketing to external customers rather than internal customers.
            This included changes to the organisational structure within the wholesale operations and Trade segment, with certain
            activities moving from the Networks segment to the Trade segment.

            The change is effective from 1 July 2025, with prior period segment disclosure updated to allow for comparison. These
            changes had no net impact on the Group’s FY25 consolidated financial results. The changes made were to:




For personal use only
            ●           Remove intercompany sales, margins and associated expenses, inventory and payables from the Networks segment,
                        (previously called Specialist Wholesale) to the Trade and Retail segments to align it to the segment which sells
                        externally; and
            ●           Reallocate goodwill to reflect the relative value as a result of the change in business model.

            The operating results of the consolidated entity are currently reviewed by the CODM and decisions are based on four
            operating segments which also represent the four reporting segments, as follows:

            Trade                               Represents the trade focused automotive aftermarket parts distribution to independent and
                                                chain mechanic workshops. Includes the operations of Burson Auto Parts, Precision
                                                Automotive Equipment, Blacktown Auto and the Thailand based operation.

            Networks                            Includes the specialised wholesale distribution and network channel areas that focus on a
                                                specific automotive area such as AAD, Bearing Wholesalers, Roadsafe, Diesel
                                                Distributors, JAS, Premier Auto Trade, Toperformance, Truckline and WANO.

            Retail                              Represents the retail focused Autobarn, Autopro and Opposite Lock automotive accessory
                                                stores that are positioned as the first choice destination for both the everyday consumer
                                                and automotive enthusiast, as well as the service areas of Bapcor being the operations of
                                                Midas and ABS.

            New Zealand                         Includes the operations of Brake & Transmission (‘BNT’), Autolign and HCB Technologies.

            Material accounting policies

            Operating segments are presented using the 'management approach', where the information presented is on the same
            basis as the internal reports provided to the Chief Operating Decision Makers ('CODM'). The CODM is responsible for the
            allocation of resources to operating segments and assessing their performance.

           Segment revenue
           Intersegment transactions are carried out at arm's length and eliminated on consolidation. The revenue from external
           parties reported to the CODM is measured in a manner consistent with that in the statement of comprehensive income.

           Segment EBITDA
           Segment performance is assessed on the basis of segment EBITDA. Segment EBITDA comprises expenses which are
           incurred in the normal trading activity of the segments and excludes the impact of depreciation, amortisation, interest, tax
           and other items which are determined to be outside of the control of the respective segments.




                                                                             55
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 3. Segment information (continued)
            Operating segment information

                                                                                                        Unallocated /
                                                Trade        Networks        Retail      New Zealand    Head Office       Total
            Consolidated - 2026                 $'000         $'000          $'000          $'000          $'000          $'000

            Revenue
            Sales                                776,871        620,912        393,771       158,126           1,514     1,951,194
            Total segment revenue                776,871        620,912        393,771       158,126           1,514     1,951,194
            Intersegment sales2                                                                                            (27,050)
            Total revenue                                                                                                1,924,144

            Segment EBITDA                       105,167         67,696         38,696         19,440        (78,464)      152,535
            Significant items1                         -              -              -              -        (13,700)      (13,700)




For personal use only
            EBITDA                               105,167         67,696         38,696         19,440        (92,164)      138,835

            Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                 (101,137)
            Impairment of assets (note 7)                                                                                  (64,254)
            Impairment of goodwill &
            Trademarks (note 7)                                                                                           (386,109)
            Finance costs                                                                                                  (35,644)
            (Loss) before income tax
            benefit                                                                                                       (448,309)
            Income tax benefit                                                                                              16,974
            (Loss) after income tax
            benefit                                                                                                       (431,335)

            Assets
            Segment assets                       510,366        325,638        206,045         91,953       177,996      1,311,998
            Total assets                                                                                                 1,311,998

            Liabilities
            Segment liabilities                  182,298        105,203        100,125         39,155       319,976        746,757
            Total liabilities                                                                                              746,757

            (1) Significant items in FY26 relate to inventory adjustments, changes in accounting estimates, restructuring costs, and
                executive transition costs.
            (2) Intersegment sales now only reflect inventory transfers directly between the store networks across segments.




                                                                        56
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 3. Segment information (continued)
                                                                                                            Unallocated /
                                                  Trade        Networks          Retail     New Zealand     Head Office         Total
            Consolidated - 2025
            Restated1,2                           $'000          $'000           $'000          $'000           $'000          $'000

            Revenue
            Sales                                  784,689         624,563        403,016        170,451          16,521      1,999,240
            Total segment revenue                  784,689         624,563        403,016        170,451          16,521      1,999,240
            Intersegment sales3                                                                                                 (23,473)
            Total revenue                                                                                                     1,975,767

            Segment EBITDA                         151,682          63,055         42,791          27,891        (52,309)       233,110
            Significant items4                           -               -              -               -        (59,427)       (59,427)
            EBITDA                                 151,682          63,055         42,791          27,891       (111,736)       173,683




For personal use only
            Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                        (94,827)
            Finance costs                                                                                                        (37,277)
            Impairment of assets (note 7)                                                                                        (13,709)
            Profit before income tax
            expense                                                                                                               27,870
            Income tax expense                                                                                                    (8,649)
            Profit after income tax
            expense                                                                                                               19,221

            Assets
            Segment assets                         673,265         465,361        216,656        245,052         207,085      1,807,419
            Total assets                                                                                                      1,807,419

            Liabilities
            Segment liabilities                    172,548         122,060        111,254          38,212        525,675        969,749
            Total liabilities                                                                                                   969,749

            (1) Prior year comparatives have been restated, refer to note 2 for details of the restatement.
            (2) Prior year numbers have also been updated to reflect the organisation realignment that resulted in the elimination of
                the majority of intercompany sales, and the reallocation of businesses previously reported in Unallocated / Head Office
                as held for sale to the appropriate business units at the end of the reporting period.
            (3) Intersegment sales now only reflect inventory transfers directly between the store networks across segments.
            (4) Significant items in FY25 include costs associated with asset write offs, uncollectable receivables, contractual disputes,
                changes in accounting estimates, restructuring programs and inventory valuation.

            Geographical information

                                                                                                            Geographical non-current
                                                                                                                    assets
                                                                                                               2026         2025
                                                                                                              $'000         $'000

            Australia                                                                                            533,009        818,815
            New Zealand                                                                                           20,864        172,643
            Thailand                                                                                                 669            697

                                                                                                                 554,542        992,155

            The geographical non-current assets above are exclusive of, where applicable, financial instruments, deferred tax assets
            and balances such as intercompany and investments that are eliminated on consolidation.




                                                                          57
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 4. Revenue
                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                2026         2025
                                                                                                                $'000        $'000

            Revenue from contracts with customers                                                              1,924,144       1,975,767

            Disaggregation of revenue
            The disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                2026         2025
                                                                                                                $'000        $'000

            Geographical regions
            Australia                                                                                          1,754,440       1,794,391




For personal use only
            New Zealand                                                                                          158,126         170,451
            Thailand                                                                                              11,578          10,925

                                                                                                               1,924,144       1,975,767

            Timing of revenue recognition
            Goods transferred at a point in time                                                               1,889,787       1,941,174
            Services transferred over time                                                                        34,357          34,593

                                                                                                               1,924,144       1,975,767

            Material accounting policies

            Revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the consolidated entity is expected to be
            entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. For each contract with a customer, the consolidated
            entity: identifies the contract with a customer; identifies the performance obligations in the contract; determines the
            transaction price which takes into account estimates of variable consideration and the time value of money; allocates the
            transaction price to the separate performance obligations on the basis of the relative stand-alone selling price of each
            distinct good or service to be delivered; and recognises revenue when or as each performance obligation is satisfied in a
            manner that depicts the transfer to the customer of the goods or services promised.

            Sale of goods
            Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods, which
            is generally at the time of delivery. A credit note provision is recognised for the products expected to be returned, which is
            assessed at each reporting date.

            Rendering of services - franchise and service fees
            Revenue from services is recognised over time as the services are rendered in line with the customer contract terms.



            Note 5. Other income
                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                2026         2025
                                                                                                                $'000        $'000

            Government grants                                                                                         137            456




                                                                          58
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 6. Expenses
                                                                                           Consolidated
                                                                                        2026         2025
                                                                                        $'000        $'000

            (Loss)/profit before income tax includes the following specific expenses:

            Depreciation and amortisation expense
            Plant and equipment                                                           17,745       17,185
            Motor vehicles                                                                 8,077        8,862
            Right-of-use assets                                                           65,901       61,119
            Amortisation of intangibles                                                    9,414        7,661

                                                                                        101,137        94,827

            Finance costs




For personal use only
            Interest and finance charges paid/payable on borrowings                       20,557       22,851
            Interest and finance charges paid/payable on lease liabilities                15,087       14,426

                                                                                          35,644       37,277

            Superannuation expense
            Defined contribution superannuation expense                                   39,933       37,118




                                                                         59
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 7. Impairment of assets
            The following impairment losses have been recognised in the profit and loss:

                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                2026         2025
                                                                                                                $'000        $'000

            Goodwill                                                                                               366,748             -
            Trademarks                                                                                              19,361         3,160
            Right-of-use assets                                                                                     41,900         6,883
            Property, plant and equipment                                                                           22,354         3,666

                                                                                                                   450,363       13,709

            Impairment of Goodwill




For personal use only
            Impairment testing
            Impairment testing of assets including goodwill and other intangible assets occurs each year on 30 June balances or
            when impairment indicators arise. The recoverable amount of assets including goodwill and other indefinite useful life
            intangible assets is determined based on value-in-use calculations at an individual or a combination of cash-generating
            units ('CGU') up to the operating segment level. These calculations require the use of key assumptions on which
            management has based its cash flow projections, as well as pre-tax discount rates.

            The cash flow projections include adjustments required for uncertainties and risks within the approved cash flow
            forecasts. Pre-tax discount rates have increased due to increased market risk and uncertainties within the cash flow
            assumptions.

            The following key assumptions were used in testing for impairment:

            ●           Pre-tax discount rate: 14.8% for Australian CGUs and 16.1% for New Zealand CGU (2025:12.6% for Australian CGUs
                        and 13.2% for New Zealand CGUs)
            ●           Terminal value growth rate beyond 5 years: 2.5% for Australian CGUs and 2.0% for New Zealand CGUs (2025: 2.5%
                        for Australian CGUs and 2.0% for New Zealand CGUs)
            ●           Revenue growth and EBITDA margins as follows




            Cash flow forecasts have been adjusted down to reflect recent performance levels. Revised assumptions have also been
            incorporated regarding current trading conditions, future revenue growth, profitability and the timing of earnings recovery
            as well as a more conservative assessment of execution risk. Deterioration in the macro-economic conditions in New
            Zealand has also been factored in.

            As a result, impairments of intangible assets have been recognised for the following CGU's:

            ●           Trade ($115.8M)
            ●           Networks ($127.7M)
            ●           New Zealand ($142.1M, including $99.9M announced in the 1H26 results)
            ●           Retail ($0.5M)

            In addition, as detailed below further impairments for right of use assets ($41.9m) and PPE ($22.4m) have been
            recognised in relation to the allocation of corporate assets to the CGU's.

            There was no material impact in relation to climate‑related risks and opportunities identified as part of Bapcor’s
            assessment of impairment.

            Refer to note 14 for further details regarding the sensitivity analysis performed on Trade goodwill.



                                                                           60
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 7. Impairment of assets (continued)
            Impairment of Right-of-use assets and Property, plant and equipment

            For impairment testing purposes the Group has determined that each store or branch is a separate Cash Generating Unit
            (CGU). Each store/branch is assessed as to whether any indicators of impairment have been identified. Stores that were
            identified with impairment indicators were assessed for impairment.

            Stores
            During the year, there were 163 stores identified as having impairment indicators. The recoverable value for each store
            was determined based on a value in use assessment using estimated future cash flows for the remaining lease term. The
            recoverable amount for this portfolio of stores was $54.2M and resulted in an impairment of $2.3M to Right-of-use assets
            and $2.9M to Property, plant and equipment. The remaining carrying value of the assets of stores with indicators of
            impairment, for which full impairments have not been recognised, is $42.1M.

            Corporate Assets
            The recoverable amounts of the Networks and Retail CGUs were determined to be below its carrying value.




For personal use only
            Consequently, goodwill and trademarks allocated to the CGUs were fully impaired. As the impairment loss exceeded the
            carrying value of these intangible assets, the residual impairment was allocated to corporate assets assigned to the
            CGUs in accordance with AASB 136. This resulted in a $59.1M impairment of corporate assets.



            Note 8. Income tax expense/(benefit)
                                                                                                               Consolidated
                                                                                                                         2025
                                                                                                            2026       Restated
                                                                                                            $'000        $'000

            Income tax expense/(benefit)
            Current tax on profits for the year                                                                4,291          3,735
            Deferred tax expense/(benefit)                                                                   (22,865)         4,914
            Adjustment recognised for prior periods                                                            1,600              -

            Aggregate income tax expense/(benefit)                                                           (16,974)         8,649

            Deferred tax included in income tax benefit/(expense) comprises:
            (Increase) / decrease in deferred tax assets                                                       4,186         22,449
            Increase/(decrease) in deferred tax liabilities                                                  (27,051)       (17,535)

            Deferred tax expense/(benefit)                                                                   (22,865)         4,914

            Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense/(benefit) and tax at the statutory rate
            (Loss)/profit before income tax benefit/(expense)                                               (448,309)        27,870

            Tax at the statutory tax rate of 30%                                                            (134,493)         8,361

            Tax effect amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating taxable income:
               Impairment of goodwill                                                                        113,016              -
               Other                                                                                             271            669

                                                                                                             (21,206)         9,030
            Adjustment recognised for prior periods                                                            1,600              -
            Difference in overseas tax rates                                                                   2,632           (381)

            Income tax expense/(benefit)                                                                     (16,974)         8,649




                                                                         61
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 8. Income tax expense/(benefit) (continued)
                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                  2026         2025
                                                                                  $'000        $'000

            Deferred tax asset
            Deferred tax asset comprises temporary differences attributable to:

            Amounts recognised in profit or loss:
              Employee benefits                                                     13,853       13,329
              Payables                                                               1,528            -
              Trade and other receivables                                            2,293        3,281
              Inventory                                                             17,109       17,154
              Lease liabilities                                                     68,492       66,833
              Lease make good                                                        4,849        3,878
              Tax losses                                                            11,025       14,686




For personal use only
              Other                                                                  1,711        5,884

                                                                                  120,860       125,045

            Amounts recognised in equity:
              Transaction costs on share issue                                       1,845            -
              Share-based payment                                                      481        1,291

                                                                                     2,326        1,291

            Deferred tax asset                                                    123,186       126,336

            Movements:
            Opening balance                                                       126,336       149,273
            Charged to profit or loss                                              (4,186)      (22,449)
            Credited/(charged) to equity                                            1,036          (488)

            Closing balance                                                       123,186       126,336

            Set-off against Deferred tax liability                                 (45,410)     (71,193)

            Net Deferred tax asset                                                  77,776       55,143




                                                                        62
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 8. Income tax expense/(benefit) (continued)
                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                   2026         2025
                                                                                                                   $'000        $'000

            Deferred tax liability
            Deferred tax liability comprises temporary differences attributable to:

            Amounts recognised in profit or loss:
              Property, plant and equipment                                                                          (7,927)         11,528
              Trademarks                                                                                              5,759           5,939
              Right-of-use assets                                                                                    46,765          54,181

                                                                                                                     44,597          71,648

            Amounts recognised in equity:




For personal use only
              Cash flow hedge                                                                                            813            (455)

            Deferred tax liability                                                                                   45,410          71,193

            Movements:
            Opening balance                                                                                           71,193          88,984
            Credited to profit or loss                                                                               (27,051)        (17,535)
            Charged/(credited) to equity                                                                               1,268            (256)

            Closing balance                                                                                          45,410          71,193

            Material accounting policies

            During the year, the Group assessed its obligations under the Pillar Two minimum tax rules and determined there was no
            impact for the current year.

            The income tax expense or benefit for the period is the tax payable on that period's taxable income based on the
            applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by the changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable
            to temporary differences, unused tax losses and the adjustment recognised for prior periods, where applicable.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to be applied when
            the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates that are enacted or substantively enacted,
            except for:
            ●    When the deferred income tax asset or liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
                 transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting
                 nor taxable profits; or
            ●    When the taxable temporary difference is associated with interests in subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures, and
                 the timing of the reversal can be controlled, and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
                 foreseeable future.

            Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that
            future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses. The carrying amount of
            recognised and unrecognised deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date. Deferred tax assets recognised are
            reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that future taxable profits will be available for the carrying amount to be
            recovered. Previously unrecognised deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that there are
            future taxable profits available to recover the asset.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
            against current tax liabilities and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities; and they relate to the same taxable
            authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend to settle simultaneously.




                                                                            63
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 8. Income tax expense/(benefit) (continued)
            Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions

            Recovery of deferred tax assets
            Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences only if the consolidated entity considers it is
            probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.



            Note 9. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                                          Restated
                                                                                                               2026         2025
                                                                                                               $'000        $'000




For personal use only
            Current assets
            Trade receivables                                                                                   138,567         144,348
            Less: Allowance for credit notes                                                                       (886)         (1,530)
            Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                           (6,862)         (9,497)
                                                                                                                130,819         133,321

            Customer loans                                                                                              -              44
            Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                  -             (44)
                                                                                                                        -               -

            Other receivables                                                                                    13,885          18,346
            Prepayments                                                                                           9,948          18,668
                                                                                                                 23,833          37,014

                                                                                                                154,652         170,335

            Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and repayment terms vary by business unit.

            Prior year customer loans relate to loans with franchisees. Loans with repayment terms of less than twelve months are
            classified as current.

            Other receivables relate to rebates and other non-trading receivables which are non-interest bearing. Receivables with
            repayment terms of less than twelve months are classified as current. These receivables are all neither past due nor
            impaired.

            The ageing of the net trade receivables above are as follows:

                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                                          Restated
                                                                                                               2026         2025
                                                                                                               $'000        $'000

            Current and not due                                                                                  87,237          89,636
            31 - 60 days                                                                                         30,834          30,939
            61 - 90 days                                                                                          7,463           3,546
            91+ days                                                                                              5,285           9,200

                                                                                                                130,819         133,321

            The loss allowance was determined for trade receivables above as follows:




                                                                         64
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 9. Trade and other receivables (continued)
                                                                                 0 - 30      31 - 60      61 - 90
                                                                                 days         days         days       91+ days       Total
            30 June 2026                                                         $'000        $'000        $'000        $'000        $'000

            Expected loss rate                                                     0.4%         1.0%         4.4%         52.4%
            Gross amount                                                          88,505       31,153        7,809       11,100      138,567
            Loss allowance                                                         (382)        (319)        (346)       (5,815)      (6,862)

                                                                                 0 - 30      31 - 60      61 - 90
                                                                                 days         days         days       91+ days       Total
            30 June 2025                                                         $'000        $'000        $'000        $'000        $'000

            Expected loss rate                                                      1.4%        2.5%         15.3%        42.5%
            Gross amount                                                          92,419       31,745         4,185      15,999      144,348




For personal use only
            Loss allowance                                                        (1,255)       (807)         (639)      (6,796)      (9,497)

            Movements in the allowance for expected credit losses of trade receivables and customer loans are as follows:

                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                    2026         2025
                                                                                                                    $'000        $'000

            Opening balance                                                                                            9,541           6,682
            Net additional provisions recognised/(de-recognised)                                                         (41)          4,351
            Amounts utilised for debt write-off                                                                       (2,615)         (1,495)
            Foreign currency translation                                                                                 (23)              3

            Closing balance                                                                                            6,862           9,541

            Material accounting policies

            Trade receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
            interest method, less any allowance for specific debtors and general expected credit losses. Trade receivables are
            generally due for settlement within 30 to 60 days.

            Other receivables are recognised at amortised cost, less any allowance for specific debtors and general expected credit
            losses.

            In assessing the expected credit losses, the consolidated entity first considers any specific debtors that have objective
            evidence that the consolidated entity will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the
            receivables, taking into consideration the indicators of significant financial difficulties of the debtor, probability that the
            debtor will enter bankruptcy and default or delinquency in payments. The consolidated entity then applies the simplified
            approach to measuring expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance, on the balance of
            receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on aging.

            Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions

            The allowance for expected credit losses assessment requires a degree of estimation and judgement. It is assessed by
            considering the ageing of receivables, historical collection rates and specific knowledge of the individual debtor's financial
            position.




                                                                            65
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 10. Inventories
                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                 2026       Restated
                                                                                                                 $'000        $'000

            Current assets
            Stock in transit - at cost                                                                             18,186          35,419

            Stock on hand - at cost                                                                               564,195         567,574
            Less: Provision for slow moving inventory                                                             (57,574)        (57,822)
                                                                                                                  506,621         509,752

                                                                                                                  524,807         545,171

            Prior year comparatives have been restated, refer to note 2 for details of the restatement.




For personal use only
            Movements in provision for slow moving inventory

                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                 2026         2025
                                                                                                                 $'000        $'000

            Opening balance                                                                                        (57,822)       (55,799)
            Additional provisions released / (recognised)                                                           (4,570)        (5,552)
            Inventory written off against provision                                                                  4,180          3,618
            Foreign currency translation                                                                               638            (89)

            Closing balance                                                                                        (57,574)       (57,822)

            Material accounting policies

            Stock in transit and on hand is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises purchase, delivery and
            direct labour costs, and those overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location, net
            of rebates and discounts received or receivable.

            The provision for slow moving inventory represents inventory held in excess of expected sales over defined periods or
            where the net realisable value is expected to be negligible.

            Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions

            The provision for slow moving inventory assessment requires a degree of estimation and judgement. The level of the
            provision is assessed by taking into account the recent sales experience and other factors that affect inventory
            obsolescence. There is also a degree of estimation in calculating the elimination of unrealised profit in inventory for inter-
            segment sales.




                                                                          66
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 11. Net investment in sublease
                                                                                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                              2026         2025
                                                                                                              $'000        $'000

            Net Investment in sublease                                                                           2,372           2,997

            Net investment in sublease relates to rent receivables from sub-leased property.



            Note 12. Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                              2026         2025




For personal use only
                                                                                                              $'000        $'000

            Non-current assets
            Properties - right-of-use                                                                          562,071        521,802
            Less: Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                     (409,030)      (341,913)
                                                                                                               153,041        179,889

            Motor vehicles - right-of-use                                                                               -        4,402
            Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                              -       (4,402)
                                                                                                                        -            -

                                                                                                               153,041        179,889

            Reconciliations
            Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out
            below:

                                                                                                              Motor
                                                                                               Property      vehicles        Total
            Consolidated                                                                        $'000         $'000          $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2024                                                               247,485             42       247,527
            Additions                                                                             23,388              -        23,388
            Disposals                                                                             (3,067)             -        (3,067)
            Remeasurements                                                                       (19,960)           (42)      (20,002)
            Foreign currency translation                                                              45              -            45
            Impairment                                                                            (6,883)             -        (6,883)
            Depreciation expense                                                                 (61,119)             -       (61,119)

            Balance at 30 June 2025                                                              179,889                -     179,889
            Additions                                                                              5,020                -       5,020
            Disposals                                                                               (244)               -        (244)
            Remeasurements                                                                        76,796                -      76,796
            Foreign currency translation                                                            (619)               -        (619)
            Impairment                                                                           (41,900)               -     (41,900)
            Depreciation expense                                                                 (65,901)               -     (65,901)

            Balance at 30 June 2026                                                              153,041                -     153,041

            Payments for leases in holdover (i.e. lease terms which are on a monthly basis) during the year was $7.4M (2025:
            $13.5M) and are included in Other expenses in the Consolidated statement of comprehensive income.




                                                                        67
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 12. Right-of-use assets (continued)
           Material accounting policies
           A right-of-use asset is recognised at the commencement date of a lease. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost,
           which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability, adjusted for, as applicable, any lease payments made at or before
           the commencement date net of any lease incentives received, any initial direct costs incurred, and, except where included
           in the cost of inventories, an estimate of costs expected to be incurred for dismantling and removing the underlying asset,
           and restoring the site or asset.

            Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the unexpired period of the lease or the estimated useful
            life of the asset, whichever is the shorter. Where the consolidated entity expects to obtain ownership of the leased asset
            at the end of the lease term, the depreciation is over its estimated useful life. Right-of-use assets are subject to
            impairment or adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

           The consolidated entity has elected not to recognise a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability for short-term
           leases with terms of twelve months or less and leases of low-value assets. Lease payments on these assets are
           expensed to profit or loss as incurred.




For personal use only
            Note 13. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                                         Restated
                                                                                                              2026         2025
                                                                                                              $'000        $'000

            Non-current assets
            Plant and equipment - at cost                                                                      221,407        205,701
            Less: Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                     (151,012)      (117,000)
                                                                                                                70,395         88,701

            Motor vehicles - at cost                                                                            60,120          56,373
            Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                     (38,788)        (35,171)
                                                                                                                21,332          21,202

                                                                                                                91,727        109,903

            The amount of work in progress included in plant and equipment is $2.0M (2025: $4.0M) and relates to projects that are
            not yet completed and therefore are not being depreciated.




                                                                         68
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 13. Property, plant and equipment (continued)
            Reconciliations
            Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out
            below:

                                                                                             Plant and         Motor
                                                                                             equipment        vehicles         Total
            Consolidated                                                                       $'000           $'000           $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2024                                                                 88,805         26,567        115,372
            Additions                                                                              30,898          4,254         35,152
            Disposals                                                                              (2,954)          (758)        (3,712)
            Impairment of assets                                                                   (3,666)             -         (3,666)
            Reclassification to Intangibles                                                        (7,250)             -         (7,250)
            Foreign currency translation                                                               53              1             54
            Depreciation expense                                                                  (17,185)        (8,862)       (26,047)




For personal use only
            Balance at 30 June 2025                                                                88,701         21,202        109,903
            Additions                                                                               9,593          5,565         15,158
            Disposals                                                                              (1,613)          (910)        (2,523)
            Impairment of assets                                                                  (22,354)             -        (22,354)
            Reclassification from Intangibles                                                      14,191          3,792         17,983
            Foreign currency translation                                                             (378)          (240)          (618)
            Depreciation expense                                                                  (17,745)        (8,077)       (25,822)

            Balance at 30 June 2026                                                               70,395          21,332         91,727

            Material accounting policies

            Plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. Historical cost includes
            expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

            Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
            when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the consolidated entity and the cost
            of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is
            derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in
            which they are incurred.

           Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis to write off the net cost of each item of plant and equipment over their
           expected useful lives as follows:

            Plant and equipment                                           2-15 years
            Motor vehicles                                                3-7 years

            An item of plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when there is no future economic benefit to the
            consolidated entity. Gains and losses between the carrying amount and the disposal proceeds are taken to profit or loss.




                                                                         69
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 14. Intangibles
                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                                          Restated
                                                                                                               2026         2025
                                                                                                               $'000        $'000

            Non-current assets
            Goodwill                                                                                            176,233      554,398

            Trademarks                                                                                           20,541       21,142
            Less: Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                       (20,541)      (1,346)
                                                                                                                      -       19,796

            Customer contracts                                                                                       87        25,901
            Less: Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                           (87)      (25,901)
                                                                                                                      -             -




For personal use only
            Software                                                                                             78,489      107,588
            Less: Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                       (33,562)     (45,839)
                                                                                                                 44,927       61,749

                                                                                                                221,160      635,943

            The amount of work in progress included in software is $3.8M (2025: $21.9M) and relates to eCommerce and inventory
            management projects that are not yet completed and therefore are not being amortised.

           Reconciliations
           Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out
           below:


                                                                                              Customer        Computer
                                                              Goodwill        Trademarks      contracts       software      Total
            Consolidated                                       $'000             $'000          $'000          $'000        $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2024                               551,961          23,451              11         43,182      618,605
            Additions                                                  -               -               -         25,625       25,625
            Disposals                                                  -            (562)              -         (6,675)      (7,237)
            Foreign currency translation                           2,437              67               -             16        2,520
            Impairment of assets                                       -          (3,160)              -              -       (3,160)
            Reclassification from PPE                                  -               -               -          7,251        7,251
            Amortisation expense                                       -               -             (11)        (7,650)      (7,661)

            Balance at 30 June 2025                              554,398          19,796                  -      61,749      635,943
            Additions                                                  -               -                  -      14,096       14,096
            Additions through business combinations                  145               -                  -           -          145
            Disposals                                                  -               -                  -      (3,569)      (3,569)
            Foreign currency translation                         (11,562)           (435)                 -          48      (11,949)
            Impairment of assets                                (366,748)        (19,361)                 -           -     (386,109)
            Reclassification to PPE                                    -               -                  -     (17,983)     (17,983)
            Amortisation expense                                       -               -                  -      (9,414)      (9,414)

            Balance at 30 June 2026                              176,233                -                 -      44,927      221,160

            Detail of the $386.1M impairment is described in note 7 'Impairment of assets'.




                                                                         70
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 14. Intangibles (continued)
            The balances of goodwill and other intangible assets excluding computer software allocated to each segment as at 30
            June were:

                                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                                      2026         2025
                                                                                                                                      $'000        $'000

            Goodwill:
            Trade                                                                                                                       176,233           291,918
            Networks                                                                                                                          -           113,249
            New Zealand                                                                                                                       -           149,231

                                                                                                                                        176,233           554,398




For personal use only
            (1)         Comparative goodwill balances have been re-presented to reflect changes in segment reporting. Refer to note 3, Segment Reporting, for further
                        details.

            Reallocation of Goodwill
            Consistent with the restatement in the 31 December 2025 financial report, $174.9M of goodwill has been reallocated from
            Networks to Trade effective 1 July 2025, with prior period disclosure updated for comparison. Refer to note 3 for further
            details regarding the basis for this reallocation.

            Sensitivity to changes in assumptions for Trade goodwill
            The measurement of a CGU’s recoverable amount is sensitive to changes in the post-tax discount rate, cashflows and
            terminal growth rate. As a result, if a CGU experiences an increase in the post-tax discount rate or a reduction in
            cashflows or terminal growth rate, this may result in a further impairment of the Group’s goodwill balance. The sensitivities
            that follow assume the specific assumption moves in isolation, with all other assumptions held constant. Growth rate
            sensitivities are cumulative and adjust the growth rates applied to the FY27-FY31 cash flows.

            Goodwill of $176.2M remains in the Trade CGU. The recoverable amount of the Trade CGU would be reduced by the
            amounts presented in the table below if any of the key assumptions were to experience an adverse movement of 50 basis
            points, applied in isolation.




                                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                                      2026         2025
                                                                                                                                      $'000        $'000

            Other intangible assets:
            Networks                                                                                                                             -         14,491
            New Zealand                                                                                                                          -          5,305

                                                                                                                                                 -         19,796

            Material accounting policies

            Intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination, other than goodwill, are initially measured at their fair value
            at the date of the acquisition. Intangible assets acquired separately are initially recognised at cost. Indefinite life intangible
            assets are not amortised and are subsequently measured at cost less any impairment. Finite life intangible assets are
            subsequently measured at cost less amortisation and any impairment. The gains or losses recognised in profit or loss
            arising from the derecognition of intangible assets are measured as the difference between net disposal proceeds and the
            carrying amount of the intangible asset. The method and useful lives of finite life intangible assets are reviewed annually.
            Changes in the expected pattern of consumption or useful life are accounted for prospectively by changing the
            amortisation method or period.



                                                                                          71
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 14. Intangibles (continued)
            Goodwill
            Goodwill arises on the acquisition of a business. Goodwill is not amortised. Instead, goodwill is tested annually for
            impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired and is carried at
            cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are taken to profit or loss and are not
            subsequently reversed.

           Trademarks
           Tradenames (including brands) are recognised as intangible assets where a registered trademark is acquired with
           attributable value. They are valued using a relief from royalty method and are considered indefinite life intangibles and are
           not amortised unless there is an intention to discontinue their use in which it is amortised over the estimated remaining
           useful life.

           Computer Software
           Costs incurred in acquiring, developing, and implementing new software are recognised as intangible assets only when it
           is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the consolidated entity and the cost of the




For personal use only
           item can be measured reliably. The expenditure capitalised comprises all directly attributable costs, including costs of
           materials, services, licenses and direct labour. Software is amortised on a straight-line basis over the period of their
           expected benefit, being their finite life which is currently between 2 and 5 years. Large scale projects are individually
           assessed as part of the approval process and determination of finite life may exceed this range.

           Costs relating to the configuration and customisation of application software relating to a Software as a Service (‘SaaS’)
           arrangement are expensed when services are received, unless an asset that is under control of the consolidated entity
           can be separately identified.

            Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions

            The consolidated entity determines the estimated useful lives and related amortisation charges for its finite life intangible
            assets. The useful lives could change materially as a result of technical innovations or some other event. The
            amortisation charge will increase where the useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or technically obsolete or
            non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold will be written off or written down.

            The consolidated entity tests annually, or more frequently, if events or changes in circumstances indicate impairment,
            whether goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets have suffered any impairment, in accordance with the
            accounting policy above. The recoverable amounts of cash-generating units have been determined based on value-in-
            use calculations. These calculations require the use of assumptions, including estimated discount rates based on the
            current cost of capital and growth rates of the estimated future cash flows.




                                                                         72
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 15. Investments accounted for using the equity method
                                                                                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                              2026         2025
                                                                                                              $'000        $'000

            Non-current assets
            Investment in Tye Soon Limited                                                                       8,466          8,280

            Reconciliation
            Reconciliation of the carrying amounts at the beginning and end of the current and previous
            financial year are set out below:

            Opening carrying amount                                                                              8,280          7,569
            Profit after income tax                                                                                982          1,097
            Other comprehensive income                                                                             210           (587)
            Foreign currency translation                                                                          (527)           694




For personal use only
            Dividends paid                                                                                        (479)          (493)

            Closing carrying amount                                                                              8,466          8,280

            Bapcor assessed the recoverable amount of this investment for impairment as at 30 June 2026 in accordance with AASB
            136 Impairment of Assets. The Tye Soon closing share price was SGD $0.28 per share at 30 June 2026 (2025: SGD
            $0.29 per share).



            Note 16. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                              2026       Restated
                                                                                                              $'000        $'000

            Current liabilities
            Trade payables                                                                                     177,824        194,409
            Accrued expenses                                                                                    69,582         63,352

                                                                                                               247,406        257,761

            Refer to note 29 for further information on financial risk management.

            Prior year comparatives have been restated, refer to note 2 for details of the restatement.

            Material accounting policies

            Trade payable and accrued expense amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the consolidated
            entity prior to the end of the financial year and which are unpaid. Due to their short-term nature they are measured at
            amortised cost and are not discounted. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 to 90 days of
            recognition.




                                                                         73
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 17. Provisions
                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                            Restated
                                                                                                                 2026         2025
                                                                                                                 $'000        $'000

            Current liabilities
            Employee benefits                                                                                       41,793         40,574
            Lease make good                                                                                          1,234          1,144
            Restructuring                                                                                              494            634
            Other                                                                                                    4,397          4,382

                                                                                                                    47,918         46,734

            Non-current liabilities
            Employee benefits                                                                                        4,153          4,803




For personal use only
            Lease make good                                                                                         14,975         13,296

                                                                                                                    19,128         18,099

                                                                                                                    67,046         64,833

            Lease make good
            The provision represents the present value of the estimated costs to make good the premises leased by the consolidated
            entity at the end of the respective lease terms.

            Prior year comparatives have been restated, refer to note 2 for details of the restatement.

            Other provisions of $4.4m (pre-tax) relates to the identified payroll issue described in note 2. This provision is the current
            best estimate of the expenditure that may be required to settle any obligation to meet any unpaid entitlements. The final
            amount of any such obligation, if any, is uncertain and will depend on, among other things:
            ●    The availability and reliability of historical employment and wage data;
            ●    The number of employees, if any, entitled to compensation; and
            ●    The amount and/or manner of calculation of compensation (if any) payable to any affected employees.

            The group has notified the Fair Work Ombudsman (FWO) in relation to this matter. The calculation involves the use of
            critical estimates and judgements. Any revisions to these estimates will be recognised in the period in which the revisions
            are identified.

            Movements in provisions
            Movements in each class of provisions during the current financial year, other than employee benefits, are set out below:

                                                                                              Lease make
                                                                                                 good    Restructuring           Other
            Consolidated - 2026                                                                  $'000      $'000                $'000

            Carrying amount at the start of the year                                                14,440             634           4,382
            Additional provisions recognised                                                         2,509               -             268
            Amounts used / released                                                                   (740)           (140)           (253)

            Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                  16,209             494           4,397

            Amounts not expected to be settled within the next 12 months
            The current provision for employee benefits includes all unconditional entitlements where employees have completed the
            required period of service and also those where employees are entitled to pro-rata payments in certain circumstances.
            The consolidated entity does not expect all employees to take the full amount of accrued leave or require payment within
            the next twelve months.




                                                                           74
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 17. Provisions (continued)
            The following amounts reflect leave that is not expected to be taken within the next twelve months:

                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                 2026         2025
                                                                                                                 $'000        $'000

            Employee benefits obligation expected to be settled after twelve months                                 3,940           3,740

            Material accounting policies

            Provisions
            Provisions are recognised when the consolidated entity has a present (legal or constructive) obligation as a result of a
            past event, it is probable the consolidated entity will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be
            made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration




For personal use only
            required to settle the present obligation at the reporting date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding
            the obligation. If the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate specific to the
            liability. The increase in the provision resulting from the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.

            Short-term employee benefits
            Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and long service leave expected to be
            settled wholly within twelve months of the reporting date are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the
            liabilities are settled.

            Long-term employee benefits
            The liability for annual leave and long service leave not expected to be settled within twelve months of the reporting date
            are measured at the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees
            up to the reporting date using the projected unit credit method. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary
            levels, experience of employee departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using
            market yields at the reporting date on corporate bonds with terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as
            possible, the estimated future cash outflows.

            Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions

            Lease make good
            Costs arise from contractual obligations in lease agreements. At the end of the reporting period, an assessment is
            performed to evaluate the likelihood of site closures and to estimate future costs of the lease make-good liability in
            accordance with the requirements of AASB 137 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. This
            assessment includes determining the existence of a present obligation, the probability that an outflow will be required,
            and the reliable estimation of the make-good obligation.

            Employee benefits provision
            As discussed above, the liability for employee benefits expected to be settled more than 12 months from the reporting
            date are recognised and measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows to be made in respect of all
            employees at the reporting date. In determining the present value of the liability, estimates of attrition rates and pay
            increases through promotion and inflation have been taken into account.




                                                                          75
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 18. Borrowings
                                                                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                  2026         2025
                                                                                                                                                                  $'000        $'000

            Non-current liabilities
            Secured bank loans                                                                                                                                      205,000               421,500
            Less: unamortised transaction costs capitalised                                                                                                          (2,166)               (2,993)

                                                                                                                                                                    202,834               418,507

            Refer to note 29 for further information on financial risk management.

            Debt Refinancing and Facilities Update

            In June 2026, Bapcor restructured debt facilities by repaying the maturing $100 million MetLife facility and further




For personal use only
            reducing its debt facilities by $135 million, to better align the level of available facilities to operational needs. Following
            completion, Bapcor has access to total debt facilities of $585 million, supported by a syndicate of lenders. The revised
            debt facilities comprises the following tranches:

            ●           $65M four-year tranche (existing), for general corporate purposes - expires July 2028
            ●           $115M five-year tranche (existing), for general corporate purposes - expires July 2028
            ●           $235M five-year tranche (existing), for general corporate purposes - expires July 2029
            ●           $25M four-year tranche (revised), for working capital purpose - expires July 2029
            ●           $110M five-year tranche (revised), for working capital and repayment of seven-year tranche - expires July 2030
            ●           $35M six-year tranche (revised), for repayment of seven-year tranche - expires July 2031

            The facilities are secured by way of a fixed and floating charge over Bapcor's assets. During FY26, Bapcor worked
            closely with its lending syndicates to amend financial covenants to provide financial flexibility and covenant headroom to
            support the execution of the Group’s operational turnaround while maintaining access to committed debt facilities. This
            included obtaining approval from its lending syndicates, on 12 August 2026, to modify future financial covenants.

            ●           Net leverage ratio covenant has been temporarily increased to 3.5 times EBITDA1 for the 31 December 2026 testing
                        period before returning to the existing 3.0 times EBITDA1 covenant thereafter.
            ●           The fixed cover charge ratio to be greater than 1.3 times EBITDA2 for the 31 December 2026 and 30 June 2027 testing
                        periods before returning to the existing 1.75 times EBITDA2 covenants thereafter.

            The Group complied with its covenant requirements under its debt facilities as at 30 June 2026.

            (1)         Leverage ratio is calculated by dividing net bank debt by pre-AASB16 underlying EBITDA adjusted for share-based payment expense and other items allowed to be excluded under
                        covenant calculations.
            (2)         Fixed cover charge ratio is calculated by dividing pre-AASB16 underlying EBITDA adjusted for share-based payment expense and other items plus rent by rent and interest paid.



            Establishment costs incurred during the refinancing are capitalised and amortised over the life of the refinanced tranches
            (extended periods only) and will be expensed to finance costs as effective interest expense in the statement of
            comprehensive income.




                                                                                                           76
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 18. Borrowings (continued)
            Financing arrangements
            Committed facilities at the reporting date are

                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                  2026         2025
                                                                                                                  $'000        $'000

            Total facilities
               Bank loans                                                                                          527,500         764,100
               Bank overdraft                                                                                       50,000          50,000
               Credit cards                                                                                          1,700           1,100
               Other                                                                                                 5,800           4,800
                                                                                                                   585,000         820,000




For personal use only
            Net debt reconciliation

                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                  2026         2025
                                                                                                                  $'000        $'000

            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               67,205          58,585
            Lease liabilities                                                                                     (228,970)       (223,705)
            Borrowings excluding unamortised transaction costs capitalised                                        (205,000)       (421,500)

            Net debt                                                                                              (366,765)       (586,620)

            Add: Lease liabilities                                                                                 228,970         223,705
            Add: Net derivative financial instruments                                                                2,749          (1,919)

            Net bank debt as per debt facility agreement                                                          (135,046)       (364,836)

            Material accounting policies

            Loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received, net of transaction costs. They
            are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

           Where there is a right to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date, the loans or
           borrowings are classified as non-current.

            Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is
            probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs.
            To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down, the fee is
            amortised on a straight-line basis over the term of the facilities.




                                                                          77
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 19. Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                2026         2025
                                                                                                                $'000        $'000

            Current liabilities
            Lease liability - Properties                                                                           51,273         55,292

            Non-current liabilities
            Lease liability - Properties                                                                         177,697         168,413

                                                                                                                 228,970         223,705

            Material accounting policies
            A lease liability is recognised at the commencement date of a lease. The lease liability is initially recognised at the
            present value of the lease payments to be made over the term of the lease, discounted using the interest rate implicit in




For personal use only
            the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the consolidated entity's incremental borrowing rate. Lease
            payments comprise of fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an
            index or a rate, amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees, exercise price of a purchase option when
            the exercise of the option is reasonably certain to occur, and any anticipated termination penalties. The variable lease
            payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

            Lease liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The carrying amounts are
            remeasured if there is a change in the following: future lease payments arising from a change in an index or a rate used;
            residual guarantee; lease term; certainty of a purchase option and termination penalties. When a lease liability is
            remeasured, an adjustment is made to the corresponding right-of use asset, or to profit or loss if the carrying amount of
            the right-of-use asset is fully written down.

           Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
           In determining the lease term, the consolidated entity considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic
           incentive to exercise an extension option. Extension options have not been included in the lease term unless the lease
           option is reasonably certain to be exercised. This assessment is reviewed if there is a material event or change in
           circumstances that is within the Group's control and affects its ability to exercise (or not to exercise) any option to renew.



            Note 20. Derivative financial instruments
                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                2026         2025
                                                                                                                $'000        $'000

            Current assets
            Forward foreign exchange contracts - cash flow hedges                                                   3,250             156
            Current liabilities
            Forward foreign exchange contracts - cash flow hedges                                                    (501)         (2,075)

                                                                                                                    2,749          (1,919)

            Refer to Note 29 for further information on financial risk management.

            Refer to Note 21 for further information on fair value measurement.

            Material accounting policies

            Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently
            remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends on
            whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.


                                                                          78
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 20. Derivative financial instruments (continued)
            Derivatives are classified as current or non-current depending on the expected period of realisation.

           Cash flow hedges
           Cash flow hedges are used to cover the consolidated entity's exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to
           particular risks associated with a recognised asset or liability or a firm commitment which could affect profit or loss. The
           effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in other comprehensive income through the
           cash flow hedges reserve in equity, whilst the ineffective portion is recognised in profit or loss. Amounts taken to equity
           are transferred out of equity and included in the measurement of the hedged transaction when the forecast transaction
           occurs.

           Cash flow hedges are tested for effectiveness on a regular basis both retrospectively and prospectively to ensure that
           each hedge is highly effective and continues to be designated as a cash flow hedge. If the forecast transaction is no
           longer expected to occur, the amounts recognised in equity are transferred to profit or loss.

           If the hedging instrument is sold, terminated, expires, exercised without replacement or rollover, or if the hedge becomes




For personal use only
           ineffective and is no longer a designated hedge, the amounts previously recognised in equity remain in equity until the
           forecast transaction occurs.



            Note 21. Fair value measurement
           Fair value hierarchy
           The following tables detail the consolidated entity's financial instruments, measured or disclosed at fair value, using a
           three level hierarchy, based on the lowest level of input that is material to the entire fair value measurement, being:
           Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the
           measurement date.
           Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
           or indirectly.
           Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

                                                                                 Level 1        Level 2         Level 3          Total
            Consolidated - 2026                                                   $'000          $'000           $'000           $'000

            Assets
            Derivative financial instruments                                               -         3,250                -          3,250
            Total assets                                                                   -         3,250                -          3,250

            Liabilities
            Derivative financial instruments                                               -          (501)               -           (501)
            Total liabilities                                                              -          (501)               -           (501)

                                                                                 Level 1        Level 2         Level 3          Total
            Consolidated - 2025                                                   $'000          $'000           $'000           $'000

            Assets
            Derivative financial instruments                                               -           156               -             156
            Assets classified as held for sale                                             -             -           5,080           5,080
            Total assets                                                                   -           156           5,080           5,236

            Liabilities
            Derivative financial instruments                                               -         2,075               -           2,075
            Liabilities classified as held for sale                                        -             -           2,868           2,868
            Total liabilities                                                              -         2,075           2,868           4,943

            There were no transfers between levels during the financial year.




                                                                          79
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 21. Fair value measurement (continued)
            Derivative financial instruments carried at fair value are forward foreign exchange contracts and floating interest rate to
            fixed interest rate swaps. These are considered to be Level 2 financial instruments because their measurement is derived
            from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
            indirectly.

            Assets classified as held for sale are considered to be a Level 3 financial instrument because inputs in valuing this
            instrument are not based on observable market data. The fair value of this instrument is determined based on an
            estimated discounted cash flow analysis.

            Material accounting policies

            When an asset or liability, financial or non-financial, is measured at fair value for recognition or disclosure purposes, the
            fair value is based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
            transaction between market participants at the measurement date; and assumes that the transaction will take place
            either: in the principal market; or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market.




For personal use only
           Fair value is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,
           assuming they act in their economic best interests. For non-financial assets, the fair value measurement is based on its
           highest and best use. Valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are
           available to measure fair value, are used, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
           unobservable inputs.

            Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified into three levels, using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the
            significance of the inputs used in making the measurements. Classifications are reviewed at each reporting date and
            transfers between levels are determined based on a reassessment of the lowest level of input that is material to the fair
            value measurement.

            For recurring and non-recurring fair value measurements, external valuers may be used when internal expertise is either
            not available or when the valuation is deemed to be material. External valuers are selected based on market knowledge
            and reputation. Where there is a material change in fair value of an asset or liability from one period to another, an
            analysis is undertaken, which includes a verification of the major inputs applied in the latest valuation and a comparison,
            where applicable, with external sources of data.




                                                                           80
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 22. Issued capital
                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                  2026          2025        2026               2025
                                                                                 Shares        Shares       $'000              $'000

            Ordinary shares                                                    672,753,078   339,412,500      1,073,237         878,652
            Treasury shares                                                      1,825,688        30,403        (12,415)        (11,494)

                                                                               674,578,766   339,442,903      1,060,822         867,158

            Movements in ordinary share capital

            Details                                                Date                         Shares      Issue price        $'000

            Balance                                                1 July 2024               339,412,500                        878,652




For personal use only
            Balance                                                30 June 2025              339,412,500                        878,652
            Issue of shares                                        6 March 2026              260,892,153           $0.60        156,535
            Issue of shares                                        26 March 2026              72,448,425           $0.60         43,469
            Share issue transaction costs, net of tax                                                                            (5,419)

            Balance                                                30 June 2026              672,753,078                      1,073,237

            Movements in treasury shares

            Details                                                                Date                        Shares          $'000

            Purchase of treasury shares                                            01 November 2024               61,091           (291)
            Utilisation of treasury shares                                         01 November 2024              (61,091)             -
            Purchase of treasury shares                                            18 December 2024               22,760           (125)
            Utilisation of treasury shares                                         18 December 2024              (22,760)             -
            Purchase of treasury shares                                            27 June 2025                   30,403           (148)

            Balance                                                                30 June 2025                   30,403        (11,494)
            Utilisation of treasury shares                                         01 July 2025                  (30,403)             -
            Purchase of treasury shares                                            20 August 2025                 72,018           (259)
            Utilisation of treasury shares                                         21 August 2025                (72,018)             -
            Return of treasury shares                                              24 November 2025               72,018              -
            Purchase of treasury shares                                            20 May 2026                 1,753,670           (662)

            Balance                                                                30 June 2026                1,825,688        (12,415)

            Ordinary shares
            Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the company in
            proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. The fully paid ordinary shares have no par value and
            the company does not have a limited amount of authorised capital. On a show of hands every member present at a
            meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and upon a poll each share shall have one vote.

            Treasury shares
            The average purchase price of treasury shares during the period was $0.50 (2025: $4.94) per share.

            Material accounting policies

            Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are
            shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.




                                                                          81
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 23. Reserves
                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                2026         2025
                                                                                                                $'000        $'000

            Foreign currency reserve                                                                             (25,322)          (5,903)
            Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                1,937           (1,352)
            Share-based payments reserve                                                                          15,521           15,327

                                                                                                                  (7,864)           8,072

            Foreign currency reserve
            This reserve is used to recognise exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign
            operations to Australian dollars.

            Cash flow hedge reserve




For personal use only
            This reserve is used to recognise the effective portion of the gain or loss of cash flow hedge instruments that is
            determined to be an effective hedge.

            Share-based payments reserve
            This reserve is used to recognise the value of equity benefits provided to employees and directors as part of their
            remuneration, and other parties as part of their compensation for services.

            Movements in reserves
            Movements in each class of reserve during the current and previous financial year are set out below:

                                                                               Foreign        Cash flow      Share-based
                                                                               currency         hedge         payments
                                                                                reserve        reserve         reserve           Total
            Consolidated                                                         $'000          $'000           $'000            $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2024                                                  (9,490)          (257)        13,459            3,712
            Revaluation                                                                  -         (1,551)             -           (1,551)
            Deferred tax                                                                 -            456            192              648
            Share-based payment expense                                                  -              -          1,676            1,676
            Foreign currency translation                                             3,587              -              -            3,587

            Balance at 30 June 2025                                                (5,903)         (1,352)        15,327            8,072
            Revaluation                                                                 -           4,668              -            4,668
            Deferred tax                                                                -          (1,379)          (518)          (1,897)
            Share-based payment expense                                                 -               -            712              712
            Foreign currency translation                                          (19,419)              -              -          (19,419)

            Balance at 30 June 2026                                               (25,322)          1,937         15,521           (7,864)




                                                                          82
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 24. (Accumulated losses) / Retained earnings
                                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                                             Restated
                                                                                                                                  2026         2025
                                                                                                                                  $'000        $'000

            Accumulated losses at the beginning of the financial year                                                               (39,331)    (12,646)
            (Loss)/profit after income tax benefit/(expense) for the year                                                          (431,634)     19,135
            Dividends paid (note 26)                                                                                                (18,668)    (45,820)

            Accumulated losses at the end of the financial year                                                                    (489,633)    (39,331)

            Comparative period amounts have been restated. Refer to Note 2, Restatement of Comparative Information, for further details.




For personal use only
            Note 25. Non-controlling interest
            Investment in Car Bits Asia, Thailand


                                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                                  2026         2025
                                                                                                                                  $'000        $'000

            Opening balance                                                                                                            1,771       828
            Non-controlling interest profit /(loss) for the financial year                                                               299        86
            Foreign currency translation                                                                                                (154)      238
            Divestment of non-controlling interest1                                                                                        -       619

            Closing balance                                                                                                            1,916      1,771

            In March 2018, the consolidated group entered into a tri-party joint venture in Thailand of the incorporated entity Car Bits
            Asia Co. Ltd for the purposes of opening Burson stores in Thailand. The consolidated group currently holds 57.8% of the
            shares and is considered to have effective control.

            (1) Divestment of non-controlling interest relates to disposal of Investment in FiiViQ Pty Ltd ('FiiViQ')



            Note 26. Dividends
            Dividends
            Dividends paid during the financial year were as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                                  2026         2025
                                                                                                                                  $'000        $'000

            Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2025 of 5.5 cents (2024: 5.5 cents) per ordinary
            share                                                                                                                    18,668      18,667
            Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2026 of 0.0 cents (2025: 8.0 cents) per ordinary
            share                                                                                                                          -     27,153

                                                                                                                                     18,668      45,820




                                                                                     83
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 26. Dividends (continued)
            No dividend has been declared in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2026.

            Dividends paid during the financial year ended 30 June 2026 relate to the final dividend declared in respect of FY25,
            being 5.5 cents per share, fully franked.

            Franking credits

                                                                                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                              2026         2025
                                                                                                              $'000        $'000

            Franking credits available for subsequent financial years based on a tax rate of 30%                 81,457            94,202

            The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account as at the end of the financial year, adjusted for:




For personal use only
            ●   franking debits that will arise from the refund of the amount of the income tax receivable at the reporting date
            ●   franking debits that will arise from the payment of dividends recognised as a liability at the reporting date
            ●   franking credits that will arise from the receipt of dividends recognised as receivables at the reporting date

            Material accounting policies

            Dividends are recognised when declared during the financial year.



            Note 27. Earnings per share
                                                                                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                              2026       Restated
                                                                                                              $'000        $'000

            (Loss)/profit after income tax                                                                     (431,335)           19,221
            Non-controlling interest                                                                               (299)              (86)

            (Loss)/profit after income tax attributable to the owners of Bapcor Limited                        (431,634)           19,135

                                                                                                              Cents          Cents

            Basic earnings per share                                                                             (97.74)             5.64
            Diluted earnings per share                                                                           (97.74)             5.58

                                                                                                             Number         Number

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating basic earnings per share        441,621,100     339,412,250
            Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
               Options over ordinary shares                                                                            -     3,261,587

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating diluted earnings per share      441,621,100     342,673,837

            Material accounting policies

            Basic earnings per share
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of Bapcor Limited, excluding any
            costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
            during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the financial year and excluding
            treasury shares.



                                                                         84
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 27. Earnings per share (continued)
            Diluted earnings per share
            Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into account
            the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the
            weighted average number of shares assumed to have been issued for no consideration in relation to dilutive potential
            ordinary shares.



            Note 28. Reconciliation of profit/(loss) after income tax to net cash from operating activities
                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                             2025
                                                                                                                2026       Restated
                                                                                                                $'000        $'000




For personal use only
            (Loss)/profit after income tax benefit/(expense) for the year                                       (431,335)         19,221

            Adjustments for:
            Depreciation and amortisation                                                                        101,137          94,827
            Impairment of assets                                                                                 450,363          13,709
            Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and computer software                            3,118           5,397
            Share of profit - associates                                                                            (982)         (1,097)
            Amortisation of capitalised borrowing costs                                                            1,386             775
            Non-cash share-based payment expense                                                                     712           1,677
            Net loss on divestment of businesses                                                                       -           4,777

            Change in operating assets and liabilities:
              (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                                   15,683         28,250
              (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                   20,364        (15,794)
              (Increase)/decrease in deferred tax assets                                                          (24,532)        12,563
              (Increase)/decrease in Income tax receivable                                                         28,395        (18,364)
              (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables                                                     (10,341)        14,832
              Increase/(decrease) in other provisions                                                                 578        (24,643)
              (Decrease)/increase in assets classified as available for sale                                       (5,080)         8,274
              Increase/(decrease) in liabilities classified as available for sale                                   2,868        (10,778)

            Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                            152,334         133,626

            Material accounting policies

            Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions and other short-term,
            highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of
            cash and which are subject to an immaterial risk of changes in value.




                                                                            85
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 29. Financial risk management
            Financial risk management objectives
            The consolidated entity's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk,
            price risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The consolidated entity's overall risk management program
            focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial
            performance of the consolidated entity. The consolidated entity uses derivative financial instruments such as forward
            foreign exchange contracts to hedge certain risk exposures. Derivatives are exclusively used for hedging purposes, i.e.
            not as trading or other speculative instruments. The consolidated entity uses different methods to measure different types
            of risk to which it is exposed. These methods include sensitivity analysis in the case of interest rate, foreign exchange and
            other price risks, ageing analysis for credit risk and beta analysis in respect of investment portfolios to determine market
            risk.

            Financial risk management is carried out by senior finance executives ('finance') under policies approved by the Board of
            Directors ('the Board'). These policies include identification and analysis of the risk exposure of the consolidated entity
            and appropriate procedures, controls and risk limits. Finance identifies, evaluates and manages financial risks within the
            consolidated entity's operating units. Finance reports to the Board on a monthly basis.




For personal use only
            The consolidated entity holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                        2025
                                                                                                                                           2026       Restated
                                                                                                                                           $'000        $'000

            Financial assets
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                       67,205       58,585
            Trade and other receivables1                                                                                                   144,704      151,667
            Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                 3,250          156
            Total financial assets                                                                                                         215,159      210,408

            Financial liabilities
            Trade and other payables                                                                                                       247,406      257,761
            Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                   501        2,075
            Borrowings2                                                                                                                    205,000      421,500
            Lease liabilities                                                                                                              228,970      223,705
            Total financial liabilities                                                                                                    681,877      905,041

            (1)         Trade and other receivables in the table excludes prepayments which are not classified as financial instruments.
            (2)         Borrowings excludes any unamortised transaction costs capitalised.



            Market risk

            Foreign currency risk
            The consolidated entity undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currency and is exposed to foreign
            currency risk through foreign exchange rate fluctuations, primarily with respect to the United States dollar and the New
            Zealand dollar.

            Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions, primarily the purchase of inventory for sales,
            recognised financial assets and financial liabilities and net investments in foreign operations.

            In order to protect against exchange rate movements, the consolidated entity has entered into forward foreign exchange
            contracts. These contracts are hedging highly probable forecasted cash flows for the ensuing financial year. Management
            has a risk management policy to hedge between 25% and 100% of anticipated foreign currency transactions for the
            subsequent twelve months.

           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a change in the Australian dollar against other currencies, with all other
           variables held constant. The impact on profit before tax is due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and
           liabilities. The pre-tax impact on equity is due to changes in the fair value of forward exchange contracts designated as
           cash flow hedges as well as foreign currency loans designated as net investment hedges.


                                                                                                            86
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 29. Financial risk management (continued)
                                                         AUD strengthened                              AUD weakened
                                                            Effect on                                    Effect on
                                                           profit before Effect on                      profit before Effect on
                                                                tax       equity                             tax       equity
            Consolidated - 2026                 % change      ($000)      ($000)              % change     ($000)      ($000)

            Derivative financial instruments               1%             -           (154)           (1%)              -             581
            Other financial assets                         1%          (539)             -            (1%)            550               -
            Other financial liabilities                    1%           359              -            (1%)           (366)              -
                                                           -              -              -             -                -               -

                                                                       (180)          (154)                           184             581

                                                         AUD strengthened                              AUD weakened




For personal use only
                                                            Effect on                                    Effect on
                                                           profit before Effect on                      profit before Effect on
                                                                tax       equity                             tax       equity
            Consolidated - 2025                 % change      ($000)      ($000)              % change     ($000)      ($000)

            Derivative financial instruments               1%             -            196            (1%)              -            (687)
            Other financial assets                         1%          (166)             -            (1%)            649               -
            Other financial liabilities                    1%           294              -            (1%)           (301)              -

                                                                        128            196                            348            (687)

            Price risk
            The consolidated entity is not exposed to any material price risk.

            Interest rate risk
            The consolidated entity's main interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings. The interest rate and term for bank
            borrowings is determined at the date of each drawdown.

            Borrowings obtained at variable rates expose the consolidated entity to cash flow interest rate risk. The consolidated
            entity, from time to time, enters into interest rate swap contracts under which it receives interest at variable rates and pays
            interest at fixed rates to manage the risk of adverse fluctuations in the floating interest rate on its borrowings. The
            consolidated entity continued to hold interest rate swap contracts acquired during the year ended 30 June 2026.


            As at the reporting date, the consolidated entity had the following fixed and variable rate borrowings outstanding:

                                                                                           2026                          2025
                                                                                 Weighted                      Weighted
                                                                                 average                       average
                                                                               interest rate    Balance      interest rate    Balance
            Consolidated                                                            %            $'000            %            $'000

            Borrowings (fixed)                                                          -               -           3.77%         100,000
            Borrowings (variable)                                                    5.25%        205,000           5.67%         321,500

            Net exposure to cash flow interest rate risk                                          205,000                         421,500

            As at 30 June 2026, if the weighted average interest rate of the variable bank borrowings component had changed by a
            factor of + / - 1%, interest expense would increase / decrease by $1,076,570 (2025: $1,823,485).

            During FY26, the consolidated entity had interest rate swaps to hedge against risk of interest rate increases on the
            variable borrowings. The total notional value of these interest rate swaps was $2.1M, which mature beyond 12 months
            from the 30 June 2026 reporting date.


                                                                          87
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 29. Financial risk management (continued)
            Credit risk
            Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the
            consolidated entity. Credit risk is managed in the following ways:

            1) The consolidated entity has policy in place to guide the provision of credit to customers, covering obtaining agency
            credit information, confirming references and setting appropriate credit limits.
            2) Derivative counterparties and cash transactions are limited to independently rated financial institutions with a minimum
            credit rating of 'A'.
            3) Concentrations of credit risk are minimised by undertaking transactions with a large number of customers.
            4) In some instances the consolidated entity holds collateral over its trade receivables and loans in the form of personal
            guarantees and charges under the Personal Property Securities Register.

            The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date to recognised financial assets is the carrying amount, net of
            any provisions for impairment of those assets, as disclosed in the statement of financial position and note 9. Management
            classifies trade receivables on aging profiles.




For personal use only
            As well as identifying specific expected credit losses, the consolidated entity has adopted a lifetime expected loss
            allowance in estimating expected credit losses on the remaining trade receivable balances through the use of a
            provisions matrix using fixed rates of credit loss provisioning. These provisions are considered representative across all
            customers of the consolidated entity based on recent sales experience, historical collection rates and forward-looking
            information that is available.

            Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators of this include the failure
            of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan, no active enforcement activity and a failure to make contractual payments for
            a period greater than one year.

            Liquidity risk
            Liquidity risk management requires the consolidated entity to maintain sufficient liquid assets (mainly cash and cash
            equivalents) and available borrowing facilities to be able to pay debts as and when they become due and payable.

            The consolidated entity manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash reserves and available borrowing facilities by
            continuously monitoring actual and forecast cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and
            liabilities.

            Financing arrangements
            Unused borrowing facilities at the reporting date:

                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                     2026         2025
                                                                                                                     $'000        $'000

            Bank loans                                                                                                322,500          342,600

            Refer to note 18 for details of the borrowings.




                                                                             88
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 29. Financial risk management (continued)
            Remaining contractual maturities
            The following tables detail the consolidated entity's remaining contractual maturity for its financial instrument liabilities.
            The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on
            which the financial liabilities are required to be paid. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows disclosed as
            remaining contractual maturities and therefore these totals may differ from their carrying amount in the statement of
            financial position.

                                                                                                                                                                                             Remaining
                                                                                                                     Between 1               Between 2                                       contractual
                                                                                            1 year or less           and 2 years             and 5 years           Over 5 years               maturities
            Consolidated - 2026                                                                 $'000                   $'000                   $'000                 $'000                    $'000

            Trade and other payables                                                                247,406                        -                     -                       -                 247,406
            Borrowings1                                                                              13,727                   13,727               189,451                  35,000                 251,905
            Lease liabilities                                                                        73,544                   60,802                94,732                  68,440                 297,518




For personal use only
            Total non-derivatives                                                                   334,677                   74,529               284,183                 103,440                 796,829

            Derivatives
            Interest rate swaps                                                                              -                  2,132                          -                       -               2,132
            Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                             617                      -                          -                       -                 617
            Total derivatives                                                                              617                  2,132                          -                       -               2,749

                                                                                                                                                                                             Remaining
                                                                                                                     Between 1               Between 2                                       contractual
                                                                                            1 year or less           and 2 years             and 5 years           Over 5 years               maturities
            Consolidated - 2025 Restated                                                        $'000                   $'000                   $'000                 $'000                    $'000

            Trade and other payables                                                                257,761                       -                      -                       -                257,761
            Borrowings1                                                                             124,066                 142,720                192,588                  33,000                492,374
            Lease liabilities                                                                        67,902                  51,837                 89,040                  79,019                287,798
            Total non-derivatives                                                                   449,729                 194,557                281,628                 112,019              1,037,933

            Derivatives
            Interest rate swaps                                                                             -                          -                  510                          -                 510
            Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                          1,565                          -                    -                          -               1,565
            Total derivatives                                                                           1,565                          -                  510                          -               2,075

            (1)         Borrowings contractual cash flows include an interest component based on the drawn/undrawn ratio and interest rate applicable as at reporting date until maturity of the loan facilities.



            Prior year comparatives have been restated, refer to note 2 for details of the restatement.

            Fair value of financial instruments
            The fair value of financial assets and liabilities disclosed in the statement of financial position do not differ materially from
            their carrying values.

            Capital risk management
            The consolidated entity aims to maintain a capital structure for the business with sufficient liquidity and support for
            business operations, maintains shareholder and market confidence, provides strong stakeholder returns, and positions
            the business for future growth. In assessing capital management both equity and debt instruments are taken into
            consideration.

            The consolidated entity is not subject to externally imposed capital requirements, other than contractual banking
            covenants and obligations. All bank lending requirements have been complied with during the year.




                                                                                                               89
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 30. Related party transactions
            Parent entity
            Bapcor Limited is the parent entity. Refer to note 32 for supplementary information about the parent entity including
            internal dividends received.

           Subsidiaries
           Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 33.

            Key management personnel
            Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in Note 34 and the remuneration report included in the
            directors' report.



            Note 31. Deed of cross guarantee




For personal use only
            The following entities are party to a deed of cross guarantee entered into in August 2020 under which each company
            guarantees the debts of the others. The companies below represent a 'Closed Group' for the purposes of the class order
            outlined below.

            Bapcor Limited
            Bapcor Finance Pty Ltd
            Bapcor Services Pty Ltd
            Bapcor Logistics Services Pty Ltd
            Bapcor International Pty Ltd
            Burson Automotive Pty Ltd
            Car Bitz & Accessories Pty Ltd
            Aftermarket Network Australia Pty Ltd
            Bapcor Retail Pty Ltd
            Midas Australia Pty Ltd
            Specialist Wholesalers Pty Ltd
            ACN 089 558 878 Pty Ltd
            Baxters Pty Ltd
            AADi Australia Pty Ltd
            Diesel Distributors Australia Pty Ltd
            Ryde Batteries (Wholesale) Pty Ltd
            Federal Batteries Qld Pty Ltd
            Premier Auto Trade Pty Ltd
            JAS Oceania Pty Ltd
            Australian Automotive Electrical Wholesale Pty Ltd
            Low Voltage Pty Ltd
            Don Kyatt Spare Parts (QLD) Pty Ltd
            He Knows Truck Parts Pty Ltd
            I Know Parts and Wrecking Pty Ltd
            Commercial Parts Pty Ltd
            Commercial Spares Pty Ltd
            Bapcor Australia Pty Ltd
            Blacktown Auto Engineers Pty Ltd

            By entering into the deed, the wholly-owned entities have been relieved from the requirement to prepare financial
            statements and directors' report under Corporations Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian Securities and
            Investments Commission.




                                                                         90
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 31. Deed of cross guarantee (continued)
            Set out below is a consolidated statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position of the Closed
            Group.

                                                                                                                          2025
                                                                                                           2026         Restated
            Statement of comprehensive income                                                              $'000         $'000

            Revenue                                                                                       1,754,440      1,794,392
            Share of profits of associates accounted for using the equity method                                982          1,097
            Other income                                                                                        137            456
            Other expenses                                                                               (2,073,736)    (1,786,697)

            (Loss)/profit before income tax benefit/(expense)                                              (318,177)         9,248
            Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                                     18,766         (3,288)




For personal use only
            (Loss)/profit after income tax benefit/(expense)                                               (299,411)         5,960

            Other comprehensive (loss)/income
                                                                                                            (16,129)         2,492

            Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax                                      (16,129)         2,492

            Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                                 (315,540)         8,452

                                                                                                                          2025
                                                                                                           2026         Restated
            Equity - accumulated losses                                                                    $'000         $'000

            Accumulated losses at the beginning of the financial year                                      (159,068)      (119,208)
            (Loss)/profit after income tax benefit/(expense)                                               (299,411)         5,960
            Dividends paid                                                                                  (18,668)       (45,820)

            Accumulated losses at the end of the financial year                                            (477,147)      (159,068)




                                                                         91
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 31. Deed of cross guarantee (continued)
                                                                                 2025
                                                                  2026         Restated
            Statement of financial position                       $'000         $'000

            Current assets
            Cash and cash equivalents                               49,276        46,246
            Trade and other receivables                            138,679       174,629
            Inventories                                            485,509       497,410
            Derivative financial instruments                         2,604           156
            Income tax receivable                                    3,640        12,584
            Other                                                        -         5,080
                                                                   679,708       736,105
            Non-current assets
            Right-of-use assets                                    139,716       167,314
            Net investment in sublease                               2,372         2,999




For personal use only
            Property, plant and equipment                           83,256       104,449
            Intangibles                                            179,038       482,783
            Deferred tax                                             8,535         9,692
            Other                                                  345,792       345,606
                                                                   758,709     1,112,843

            Total assets                                          1,438,417    1,848,948

            Current liabilities
            Trade and other payables                               223,506       256,173
            Provisions                                              45,658        44,136
            Lease liabilities                                       47,097        51,014
            Derivative financial instruments                           500         1,632
                                                                   316,761       352,955
            Non-current liabilities
            Provisions                                              18,445        17,282
            Borrowings                                             202,834       418,507
            Lease liabilities                                      167,248       158,792
                                                                   388,527       594,581

            Total liabilities                                      705,288       947,536

            Net assets                                             733,129       901,412

            Equity
            Issued capital                                        1,060,822      867,158
            Reserves                                                149,454      193,322
            Accumulated losses                                     (477,147)    (159,068)

            Total equity                                           733,129       901,412




                                                             92
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 32. Parent entity information
            Set out below is the supplementary information about the parent entity.

            Statement of comprehensive income

                                                                                              Parent
                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                      2026         Restated
                                                                                      $'000         $'000

            Loss after income tax                                                     (653,971)         (38,287)
            Internal dividend income                                                     5,055          287,192

            Total comprehensive income                                                (648,916)         248,905

            Statement of financial position




For personal use only
                                                                                              Parent
                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                      2026         Restated
                                                                                      $'000         $'000

            Total current assets                                                             -                 -
            Total assets                                                               565,241         1,041,822
            Total current liabilities                                                        -                 -
            Total liabilities                                                                -                 -

            Equity
            Issued capital                                                            1,058,556          867,158
            Other reserves                                                               15,521           15,916
            Retained earnings                                                           140,080          158,748
            Current year accumulated losses                                            (648,916)               -
                                                                                        565,241        1,041,822




                                                                        93
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 33. Interests in subsidiaries
            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in
            accordance with the accounting policies of the consolidated entity:

                                                                                                                 Ownership interest
                                                                      Principal place of business /              2026         2025
            Name                                                      Country of incorporation                    %            %

            Bapcor Finance Pty Ltd                                    Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Bapcor Australia Pty Ltd1                                 Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Bapcor Services Pty Ltd                                   Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Bapcor Logistics Services Pty Ltd                         Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Bapcor International Pty Ltd                              Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Burson Automotive Pty Ltd                                 Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Blacktown Auto Engineers Pty Ltd                          Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Car Bitz & Accessories Pty Ltd                            Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%




For personal use only
            Aftermarket Network Australia Pty Ltd                     Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Bapcor Retail Pty Ltd                                     Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Midas Australia Pty Ltd                                   Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Specialist Wholesalers Pty Ltd                            Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            ACN 089 558 878 PTY LTD                                   Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Baxters Pty Ltd                                           Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            AADi Australia Pty Ltd                                    Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            A&F Drive Shaft Repair Queensland Pty Ltd1                Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Diesel Distributors Australia Pty Ltd                     Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Ryde Batteries (Wholesale) Pty Ltd                        Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Federal Batteries Qld Pty Ltd                             Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Premier Auto Trade Pty Ltd                                Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            JAS Oceania Pty Ltd                                       Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Australian Automotive Electrical Wholesale Pty Ltd        Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Low Voltage Pty Ltd                                       Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Don Kyatt Spare Parts (Qld) Pty Ltd                       Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            He Knows Truck Parts Pty Ltd                              Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            I Know Parts and Wrecking Pty Ltd                         Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Commercial Spares Pty Ltd                                 Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Commercial Parts Pty Ltd                                  Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            HDRJ Holdings Pty Ltd                                     Australia                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Bapcor New Zealand Ltd                                    New Zealand                                  100.0%            100.0%
            Bapcor Automotive Ltd                                     New Zealand                                  100.0%            100.0%
            Brake & Transmission NZ Ltd                               New Zealand                                  100.0%            100.0%
            Bapcor Services New Zealand Ltd                           New Zealand                                  100.0%            100.0%
            Diesel Distributors Ltd                                   New Zealand                                  100.0%            100.0%
            HCB Technologies Ltd                                      New Zealand                                  100.0%            100.0%
            Precision Equipment New Zealand                           New Zealand                                  100.0%            100.0%
            Hellaby Resource Services Ltd1                            New Zealand                                  100.0%            100.0%
            Renouf Corporation International1                         United States                                100.0%            100.0%
            Benequity Properties, LLC1                                United States                                100.0%            100.0%
            Bapcor Asia Pte Ltd                                       Singapore                                    100.0%            100.0%
            Car Bits Asia Co. Ltd                                     Thailand                                      57.8%             57.8%

              (1) These subsidiaries are non-trading.




                                                                          94
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 34. Related party transactions - key management personnel disclosures
            Compensation
                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                               2026         2025
                                                                                                                 $            $

            Short-term employee benefits                                                                      2,344,653      3,564,677
            Post-employment benefits                                                                             62,500        210,282
            Long-term benefits                                                                                  333,835        126,331
            Termination benefits                                                                              1,358,011              -
            Share-based payments                                                                               (431,877)     1,077,364

                                                                                                              3,667,122      4,978,654

            Refer to the audited Remuneration Report within the Directors' Report for further details on key management personnel
            compensation. There are no other transactions with key management personnel.




For personal use only
            Note 35. Share-based payments
            The Long Term Incentive (‘LTI’) plan is intended to assist in the motivation, retention and reward of nominated senior
            executives. The LTI is a payment contingent on a three year performance period and the payments are rights to acquire
            shares (‘Performance Rights’). Refer to the audited Remuneration Report within the Directors’ Report for further
            information on the LTI.

            In relation to the FY26 year an offer to participate in the LTI was made to Bapcor’s senior executives. These allocated
            Performance Rights have a performance period that ends on 30 June 2028 at which time the performance hurdles are
            tested.

            During FY26, the Group also introduced a Retention Programme (RP) for selected executives and members of the Senior
            Leadership Team. The programme operates from 1 January 2026 to 30 June 2027 and is designed to support the
            retention and stability of key leadership personnel. Participants are eligible to receive a reward opportunity equivalent to
            50% of fixed remuneration, with 50% settled in cash and the remaining 50% delivered as rights to ordinary shares under
            the Company’s Long-Term Incentive Plan. The equity-settled component is accounted for as a share-based payment in
            accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payment.


            A summary of the terms for the Performance Rights granted in the current financial year are set out in the following table:




                                                                         95
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 35. Share-based payments (continued)

            (1) The fair value represents the value used to calculate the accounting expense as required by accounting standards.

            Relative total shareholder return ('TSR') hurdle

            Fifty per cent of the Performance Rights granted to a participant will vest subject to a TSR performance hurdle that
            assesses performance by measuring capital growth in the share price together with income returned to shareholders,
            measured over the performance period against a Comparator Group of companies (being the S&P/ASX 200 index less
            Financials and Mining as at 30 June 2025). The Performance Rights will vest by reference to Bapcor’s TSR performance
            ranking against this Comparator Group of companies, as follows:




For personal use only
            Return on Invested Capital ('ROIC')

            Fifty per cent of the Performance Rights granted to a participant will vest by reference to ROIC measured over FY28. The
            percentage of Performance Rights that will vest based on the ROIC over FY28 is as follows:




            If the vesting conditions are met, the Performance Rights are converted into fully paid ordinary shares of the Company at
            the election of the Participant. As per the Bapcor Employee Equity Plan, the expiry date is during 2039 (12 years
            subsequent to the closing date), however the Performance Rights lapse if vesting condition are not met.

            Shares will be subject to a restriction on sale for twelve months from vesting of the Performance Rights.

           Set out below are summaries of Performance Rights granted under the LTIP and RP:

            2026
                                                               Balance at                                    Expired/      Balance at
                                                  Exercise     the start of                   Vested/        forfeited/    the end of
            Grant date      Vesting date           price         the year      Granted       Exercised         other        the year

            03/11/2023      30/06/2026                $0.00       642,685              -                 -     (642,685)            -
            16/10/2024      30/06/2027                $0.00     1,598,098              -                 -   (1,190,796)      407,302
            07/11/2025      28/08/2028                $0.00             -      2,548,451                 -   (1,866,252)      682,199
            21/01/2026      30/06/2027                $0.00             -      1,662,032                 -     (184,841)    1,477,191
            03/03/2026      30/06/2027                $0.00             -        162,700                 -            -       162,700
            15/06/2026      30/06/2027                $0.00             -        756,432                 -            -       756,432
                                                                2,240,783      5,129,615                 -   (3,884,574)    3,485,824




                                                                          96
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 35. Share-based payments (continued)
            2025
                                                               Balance at                                      Expired/       Balance at
                                                 Exercise      the start of                     Vested/        forfeited/     the end of
            Grant date       Vesting date         price          the year       Granted        Exercised         other         the year

            29/03/2022       30/06/2024               $0.00         27,040               -                 -      (27,040)              -
            12/10/2022       30/06/2025               $0.00        237,372               -                 -     (237,372)              -
            19/10/2022       30/06/2025               $0.00        184,297               -                 -     (184,297)              -
            08/03/2023       30/06/2025               $0.00      1,338,142               -                 -   (1,338,142)              -
            17/10/2023       30/06/2025               $0.00        139,226               -                 -     (139,226)              -
            27/10/2023       30/06/2025               $0.00        156,268               -                 -     (156,268)              -
            03/11/2023       30/06/2025               $0.00        889,763               -                 -     (247,078)        642,685
            16/10/2024       30/06/2027               $0.00              -       1,854,448                 -     (256,350)      1,598,098
                                                                 2,972,108       1,854,448                 -   (2,585,773)      2,240,783




For personal use only
            The weighted average exercise price for the Performance Rights exercised in the current financial year was nil. (2025:
            nil).

            The weighted average contractual lives are 1.00 year (2025: 1.00 year).

            The share-based payment transactions relating to the LTI and RP during the year as part of employee benefits in the
            profit & loss was an expense of $0.7M (2025: expense of $1.7M).

            Note: The numbers in the disclosures above include amounts relating to employees that are not key management
            personnel and therefore differ to those presented in the audited Remuneration Report within the Directors' Report.

            Material accounting policies

            Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via the Long-Term Incentive ('LTI') plan. The fair value of
            performance rights granted under the LTI is recognised as an employee benefit expense over the period during which the
            employees become unconditionally entitled to the rights and options with a corresponding increase in equity.

            The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the rights and options granted, which
            includes any market performance conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions but excludes the impact of any
            service and non-market performance vesting conditions. Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions
            about the number of options that are expected to vest which are revised at the end of each reporting period. The impact
            of the revision to original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

            The fair value is measured at grant date and the expense recognised over the life of the plan. The fair value is
            independently determined using a Black-Scholes or similar option pricing model that takes into account the exercise
            price, the term of the option, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the
            underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of the option.

            Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions

            The consolidated entity measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of
            the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by using either the Binomial or
            Black-Scholes model taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the instruments were granted. The
            accounting estimates and assumptions relating to equity-settled share-based payments would have no impact on the
            carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next annual reporting period but may impact profit or loss and equity.




                                                                          97
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 36. Remuneration of auditors
            During the financial year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers, the
            auditor of the company, its network firms and other assurance providers:

                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                               2026         2025
                                                                                                                 $            $

            Audit services - PricewaterhouseCoopers
            Audit or review of the financial statements                                                       1,115,100        931,874
            Other assurance services                                                                             22,000         22,000

                                                                                                              1,137,100        953,874

            Audit services - network firms
            Audit or review of the financial statements                                                          21,365         18,000




For personal use only
            Other services - William Buck
            Assurance over sustainability reporting (AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures)                        49,500               -



            Note 37. Commitments and contingent liabilities
            Commitments

                                                                                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                              2026         2025
                                                                                                              $'000        $'000

            Commitments
            Committed at the reporting date but not recognised as liabilities, payable:
              Guarantees in relation to leases                                                                    3,632          4,070

            Contingent liabilities

            The companies in the Group are recipients of, or defendants in, certain claims, proceedings and/or complaints made,
            commenced or threatened. For all matters that have not been provided for in the results of the Group, in the opinion of the
            Directors, all such matters are of such a kind, or involve such amounts, that they are not anticipated to have a material
            effect on the financial position of the Group or are at a stage which does not support a reasonable evaluation of the likely
            outcome of the matter.




                                                                         98
            Bapcor Limited
            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            30 June 2026

            Note 38. Events after the reporting period
            Andrew Fraser was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director, effective from 1 July 2026. Andrew brings
            more than 25 years’ experience across government and the private sector, including funds management, institutional
            investment and supply chain.

            On 12 August 2026, the Group's lenders approved revised covenant arrangements for the FY27 testing periods, providing
            additional covenant headroom and financial flexibility while the Group continues to execute its turnaround plan. For
            further details, refer to the relevant ASX announcement.

            Apart from the above, no other matter or circumstance has arisen since 30 June 2026 that has significantly affected, or
            may significantly affect the consolidated entity's operations, the results of those operations, or the consolidated entity's
            state of affairs in future financial years.




For personal use only




                                                                          99
            Bapcor Limited
            Consolidated entity disclosure statement
            As at 30 June 2026



                                                                                                       Australian
                                                                            2026                       resident or    Country of
                                                                          % of share Country of          foreign         tax
            Type of entity                                 Type of entity  capital   incorporation      resident      residence

            Bapcor Limited                                Body corporate      Parent     Australia      Australia      Australia
            Bapcor Finance Pty Ltd                        Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Bapcor Services
            Pty Ltd                                       Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Bapcor Logistics Services Pty Ltd             Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Bapcor International Pty Ltd                  Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Bapcor Asia Pte Ltd                           Body corporate      100%      Singapore       Foreign       Singapore
            Car Bits Asia Co. Ltd1                        Body corporate      57.8%      Thailand       Foreign        Thailand
            Burson Automotive Pty Ltd                     Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Blacktown Auto Engineers Pty Ltd              Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia




For personal use only
            Car Bitz & Accessories Pty Ltd                Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Aftermarket Network Australia Pty Ltd         Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Bapcor Retail Pty Ltd                         Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Midas Australia Pty Ltd                       Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Specialist Wholesalers Pty Ltd                Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Baxters Pty Ltd                               Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            AADi Australia Pty Ltd                        Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            A&F Drive Shaft Repair Queensland Pty Ltd     Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Diesel Distributors Australia Pty Ltd         Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Ryde Batteries (Wholesale) Pty Ltd            Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Federal Batteries Qld Pty Ltd                 Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Premier Auto Trade Pty Ltd                    Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            JAS Oceania Pty Ltd                           Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Australian Automotive Electrical Wholesale
            Pty Ltd                                       Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Low Voltage Pty Ltd                           Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Don Kyatt Spare Parts (Qld) Pty Ltd           Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            He Knows Truck Parts Pty Ltd                  Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            I Know Parts and Wrecking Pty Ltd             Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Commercial Spares Pty Ltd                     Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Commercial Parts Pty Ltd                      Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            HDRJ Holdings Pty Ltd                         Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Bapcor New Zealand Ltd                        Body corporate      100%     New Zealand      Foreign      New Zealand
            Bapcor Automotive Ltd                         Body corporate      100%     New Zealand      Foreign      New Zealand
            Brake & Transmission NZ Ltd                   Body corporate      100%     New Zealand      Foreign      New Zealand
            Diesel Distributors Ltd                       Body corporate      100%     New Zealand      Foreign      New Zealand
            Bapcor Services New Zealand Ltd               Body corporate      100%     New Zealand      Foreign      New Zealand
            HCB Technologies Ltd                          Body corporate      100%     New Zealand      Foreign      New Zealand
            Renouf Corporation International 2            Body corporate      100%     United States    Foreign      United States
            Benequity Properties, LLC 2                   Body corporate      100%     United States    Foreign      United States
            Bapcor Australia Pty Ltd                      Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia
            Precision Equipment New Zealand Ltd           Body corporate      100%     New Zealand      Foreign      New Zealand
            Hellaby Resource Services Ltd                 Body corporate      100%     New Zealand      Foreign      New Zealand
            ACN 089 558 878 PTY LTD                       Body corporate      100%       Australia      Australia      Australia

            (1) Joint venture which is consolidated in the financial statements
            (2) Dormant entities intended for liquidation




                                                                        100
            Bapcor Limited
            As at 30 June 2026

            Basis of preparation
            The consolidated entity disclosure statement has been prepared in accordance with subsection 295(3A)(a) of the
            Corporations Act 2001. The entities listed in the statement are Bapcor Limited and all the entities it controls in accordance
            with AASB 10 Consolidated Financial Statements.

            The percentage of share capital disclosed for bodies corporate included in the statement represents the voting interest
            controlled by Bapcor Limited either directly or indirectly.




For personal use only




                                                                         101
            Bapcor Limited
            Directors' declaration
            30 June 2026

            In the directors' opinion:

            ●           the attached financial statements and notes comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the Accounting Standards, the
                        Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements;

            ●           the attached financial statements and notes comply with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International
                        Accounting Standards Board as described in note 1 to the financial statements;

            ●           the attached financial statements and notes give a true and fair view of the consolidated entity's financial position as
                        at 30 June 2026 and of its performance for the financial year ended on that date;

            ●           there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due
                        and payable;

            ●           at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Extended Closed
                        Group will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed
                        of cross guarantee described in note 31 to the financial statements; and




For personal use only
            ●           the information disclosed in the attached consolidated entity disclosure statement is true and correct.

            The directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

            Signed in accordance with a resolution of directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.

            On behalf of the directors




                ___________________                                                   ____________________
                Lachlan Edwards                                                       Chris Wilesmith
                Chair                                                                 Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director


                27 August 2026
                Melbourne




                                                                                102
                  Independent auditor’s report
                  To the members of Bapcor Limited


                  Report on the audit of the financial report

                  Our opinion




For personal use only
                  In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of Bapcor Limited (the Company) and its controlled
                  entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                         a) giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2026 and of its financial
                            performance for the year then ended; and
                         b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                  What we have audited

                  The financial report comprises:

                  • the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2026;

                  • the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

                  • the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

                  • the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended;

                  • the notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information and
                    other explanatory information;

                  • the consolidated entity disclosure statement as at 30 June 2026; and

                  • the directors’ declaration.




                                                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                                                    2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006,
                                                                    GPO Box 1331 MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                                                                    T: +61 3 8603 1000, F: +61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au

                        pwc.com.au                                  Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                  Basis for opinion

                  We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                  those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                  section of our report.

                  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                  opinion.




For personal use only
                  Independence

                  We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                  Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards
                  Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the
                  Code) that are relevant to audits of the financial report of public interest entities in Australia. We have also
                  fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


                  Our audit approach

                  An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
                  material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
                  individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
                  taken on the basis of the financial report.

                  We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion
                  on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management structure of the
                  Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.

                  Audit Scope

                  Our audit focused on where the Group made subjective judgements; for example, significant accounting
                  estimates involving assumptions and inherently uncertain future events.

                  In establishing the overall approach to the group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be
                  performed by us, as the group auditor.
                  Key audit matters

                  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
                  audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the context of our
                  audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
                  opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a particular audit procedure is made
                  in that context. We communicated the key audit matters to the Audit and Risk Committee.




For personal use only
                        Key audit matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                        Carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets                        Our audit procedures included the following, amongst
                        (Refer to note 7 and note 14)                                           others:
                                                                                                •    Assessed whether the allocation of the Group’s
                        At 30 June 2026, the Group has recognised goodwill and intangible            goodwill into CGUs was consistent with our
                        assets.                                                                      knowledge of the Group’s operations and internal
                                                                                                     Group reporting.
                        At least annually, an impairment test is performed by the Group.
                        The Group identified the Cash Generating Units (CGUs) as Trade,         •    Assessed whether the grouping of CGUs
                        Networks and New Zealand, for the impairment assessment of                   appropriately included the assets, liabilities and
                        goodwill.                                                                    cash flows directly attributable to each CGU and an
                                                                                                     allocation of corporate assets.
                        The Group performed an impairment assessment for each CGU, by
                        preparing a value-in-use financial model to determine if the carrying   •    Assessed the Group’s historical ability to forecast
                        value of the assets is supported. The assessment resulted in an              cash flows with reference to relevant budgets to
                        impairment of $366.7m to goodwill and $19.4m to intangible assets.           actual results.

                        We considered the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets      •    Assessed significant assumptions within the models
                        to be a key audit matter due to the impairment recognised during             for reasonableness with reference to board
                        the year, the financial significance to the financial position and           approved budgets for FY27 and external market
                        performance of the Group and the judgements contained in the                 data where possible.
                        assumptions applied by the Group in estimating future cash flows.
                                                                                                •    Evaluated the appropriateness of the discount rates
                                                                                                     and long-term growth rate assumptions, with the
                                                                                                     assistance of PwC Valuation experts, by comparing
                                                                                                     them to market observable inputs.

                                                                                                •    Considered the sensitivity of the models by varying
                                                                                                     key assumptions, including, amongst others, the
                                                                                                     long-term growth rates and discount rates.

                                                                                                •    Tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                                                                     impairment models calculations.

                                                                                                •    Compared the recoverable amount to the carrying
                                                                                                     value of the assets and assessed the allocation of
                                                                                                     the impairment.

                                                                                                •    Evaluated the reasonableness of disclosures in the
                                                                                                     financial report in light of the requirements of
                                                                                                     Australian Accounting Standards.
                        Key audit matter                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                        Consolidation                                                        Our audit procedures included the following, amongst
                                                                                             others:

                        The Group has four segments and there is a significant volume and    •   Obtained an understanding of the Group’s process
                        magnitude of transactions between these segments.                        of consolidating financial data of subsidiaries,
                                                                                                 including the elimination of intercompany balances
                        In the preparation of consolidated financial statements,                 and transactions.
                        intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on
                        transactions between entities in the Group are eliminated on         •   Obtained the Group consolidation workings and
                        consolidation.                                                           assessing the completeness of elimination and
                                                                                                 consolidation entries.
                        This was a key audit matter due to the complexity of the




For personal use only
                        consolidation adjustments and the extent of auditor effort in        •   Tested the Group calculation of unrealised gains on
                        performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to           transactions and agreeing a sample of significant
                        intercompany balances and associated consolidation adjustments.          inputs to supporting evidence.

                                                                                             •   Evaluated the reasonableness of disclosures in light
                                                                                                 of the requirements of Australian Accounting
                                                                                                 Standards.

                        Carrying value of right-of-use assets and property, plant and        Our procedures included the following, amongst others:
                        equipment for stores                                                 •     Obtained the Group's assessment of indicators of
                        (Refer to Note 7)                                                          impairment for store assets and evaluating the
                                                                                                   appropriateness of the assessment.
                        During the year impairment indicators were identified for a number
                        of stores.                                                           For the stores where an impairment indicator was
                                                                                             identified:
                        An impairment to right-of-use assets and property, plant and
                        equipment was recognised.                                            •    Assessed the significant forecast cash flow
                                                                                                  assumptions for the recoverable amount
                        This was a key audit matter given the magnitude of the impairment         assessment for appropriateness with reference to
                        charge, as well as the judgements involved in the assumptions             budgets.
                        applied by the Group in estimating future cash flows.
                                                                                             •    Tested the mathematical accuracy for a selection of
                                                                                                  recoverable amount assessments and the
                                                                                                  comparison to the carrying value for the store
                                                                                                  assets.

                                                                                             •    Tested the mathematical accuracy of impairment
                                                                                                  allocation to carrying value of property, plant and
                                                                                                  equipment and right-of-use assets for each of the
                                                                                                  store CGU.

                                                                                             •    Evaluated the reasonableness of the disclosures in
                                                                                                  the financial report in light of the requirements of
                                                                                                  Australian Accounting Standards.
                        Key audit matter                                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                        Carrying value of inventory                                           Our audit procedures included the following, amongst
                        (Refer to note 10)                                                    others:

                        At 30 June 2026, the Group recorded a provision for slow-moving       •    Considered whether all the relevant inventory
                        inventory. The provision is calculated by considering the recent           balances were included in the inventory provision
                        sales experience and other factors that affect inventory                   calculation.
                        obsolescence.
                                                                                              •    Obtained the Group’s inventory provision
                        We considered this to be a key audit matter because of judgement           assessments and evaluated the appropriateness of
                        required by the Group in determining the methodology used to               the methodology used, in light of the requirements of
                        calculate the net realisable value of inventory and the potentially        Australian Accounting Standards.
                        material impact that changes in the provision could have on the




For personal use only
                        financial report.                                                     •    Agreed a sample of significant inputs to supporting
                                                                                                   evidence.

                                                                                              •    Evaluated the reasonableness of the disclosures in
                                                                                                   the financial report in light of the requirements of
                                                                                                   Australian Accounting Standards.


                  Other information

                  The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
                  included in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2026, but does not include the financial report
                  and our auditor’s report thereon. Prior to the date of this auditor’s report, the other information we
                  obtained included the Sustainability Report and the Directors' Report. We expect the remaining other
                  information to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.

                  Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express
                  any form of assurance conclusion thereon through our opinion on the financial report. We have issued a
                  separate opinion on the remuneration report.

                  In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
                  in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or
                  our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                  If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this
                  auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
                  required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                  When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement
                  therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and use our professional judgement to
                  determine the appropriate action to take.
                  Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report

                  The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report in accordance with
                  Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a true and fair view, and
                  for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial
                  report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                  In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                  continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going




For personal use only
                  concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations,
                  or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                  Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report

                  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
                  material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                  opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
                  in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
                  exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
                  aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
                  basis of the financial report.

                  A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing
                  and Assurance Standards Board website at: https://auasb.gov.au/media/bwvjcgre/ar1_2024.pdf. This
                  description forms part of our auditor’s report.


                  Report on the remuneration report

                  Our opinion on the remuneration report

                  We have audited the remuneration report included in the directors’ report for the year ended
                  30 June 2026.

                  In our opinion, the remuneration report of Bapcor Limited for the year ended 30 June 2026 complies with
                  section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                  Responsibilities

                  The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration
                  report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an
                  opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian
                  Auditing Standards.



                  PricewaterhouseCoopers




For personal use only
                  Alison Tait Milner                                                                          Melbourne
                  Partner                                                                                 27 August 2026
            . Bapcor Limited
            ABN 80 153 199 912




            Sustainability Report




For personal use only
            Climate-related disclosures




                                          110
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Introduction
            Basis of preparation
           This Sustainability Report (“the Report”) contains the climate-related financial disclosures for Bapcor Limited and its
           subsidiaries (the Bapcor Group; “Bapcor” or “Group”) for the period 1 July 2025 to 30 June 2026 and covers Bapcor’s
           operations in three markets: Australia, New Zealand, and Thailand. This Report has been prepared in accordance with
           the Corporations Act 2001 and the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard Climate-related Disclosures (AASB S2),
           the mandatory Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard (ASRS) issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board
           (AASB). This report has been prepared for the same consolidated entity and reporting period as the Consolidated
           Financial Statements (as outlined in Note 1: Material accounting policy information, subheading “Principles of
           consolidation”).
           Unless noted otherwise, the data, metrics and qualitative information presented in this Report relates to the FY26
           reporting period. Any forward-looking disclosures, including scenario analysis and targets, extending beyond the current
           reporting period, are explained within the relevant sections of this Report.
           Transition relief




For personal use only
           In preparing this Report, Bapcor applied the following transition relief for the first annual reporting period under AASB S2:
                        •   Not to disclose comparative climate-related information, where information is unavailable for this first reporting
                            cycle. Bapcor does, however, present comparative results for the Scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emissions
                            performance in the Metrics & Targets section of this Report.
                        •   Not to disclose Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.
           Scope of report
           This Report outlines the governance structures, processes and controls established by Bapcor to oversee, manage and
           monitor climate-related risks and opportunities. These disclosures are intended to support an understanding of how
           climate considerations are embedded within the Group’s oversight and decision-making processes.
           In assessing climate-related risks and opportunities, Bapcor has considered potential impacts across its value chain,
           including upstream procurement, distribution centre operations, and downstream delivery processes supporting its trade,
           wholesale and retail customers. Additionally, the Report describes how Bapcor currently responds - and intends to
           respond - to identified risks and opportunities through its strategy over the short, medium and long term, including actions
           to enhance resilience and support alignment with evolving regulatory requirements.
           This Report also outlines the processes used to identify, assess, prioritise and monitor climate-related risks and
           opportunities, and the planned integration of these processes into the Group’s existing risk management framework to
           enable more systematic and informed decision-making.
           For greenhouse gas emissions reporting, Bapcor has applied an operational control approach in quantifying Scope 1 and
           Scope 2 emissions. The Report further includes the metrics and targets used to measure performance in FY26; the
           methodologies applied in their calculation and relevant targets in effect over the reporting period.
           For further clarifications on judgements and measurement uncertainties can be found on page 124.




                                                                                 111
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Governance
            Governance bodies responsible for climate-related risks and opportunities
            Bapcor’s Board is responsible for overseeing climate-related annual statutory reporting and ensures appropriate controls
            are in place to support the accuracy and quality of those disclosures. The Board is supported in this regard by two
            delegated Committees: The Audit & Risk Committee (ARC) and the Nomination, Remuneration & ESG Committee
            (NR&ESGC).
           These Committees provide oversight, review and coordination of climate-related risks and opportunities and support the
           integration of climate considerations across the business. The ARC and NR&ESGC convene at least quarterly and
           discuss climate-related updates and priorities as necessary, which are communicated through structured Committee
           papers prepared by management.
           Climate-related responsibilities are set out and described in the Board, ARC and NR&ESGC charters - all of which have
           been updated during this reporting cycle - and these bodies are supported through the relevant executive and senior
           management reporting structures and processes, as shown below in Figure 1.




For personal use only
            Figure 1: The organisational governance structure for climate-related reporting at Bapcor.
            The Board
            The Board, supported by the ARC and NR&ESGC, has ultimate responsibility for managing climate-related risks and
            opportunities as part of their oversight of Bapcor’s business strategy and enterprise risk management.
            During the reporting cycle, there were no major transactions or strategic decisions that required escalation to the Board
            for consideration of climate-related risks or opportunities, and therefore no trade-oﬀs arose in relation to climate matters.
            At present, Bapcor does not include climate-related performance metrics within remuneration policies; however, the
            organisation intends to periodically consider how climate-related measures may be incorporated into future policies.
            Skills & Competencies
           Sustainability, including the ability to understand and oversee climate-related risks and integrate ESG considerations into
           decision-making, is a recognised skill within Bapcor’s Board skills matrix. The Board, supported by the NR&ESGC, is
           responsible for assessing whether it has the capabilities required to effectively oversee climate-related risks impacting the
           business. To support this, Bapcor maintains a Board skills matrix that is reviewed at least annually to identify the
           collective skills, expertise and experience required, evaluate the current capabilities of Directors, and highlight any gaps
           to inform succession planning and Board renewal. As part of this annual review, the Board considers whether its
           competencies remain fit for purpose considering emerging business and governance issues, including climate-related
           risks and opportunities. Any identified development needs are addressed through a combination of targeted training and
           development opportunities from external advisers, and consideration of required skills in future Director appointments.
           This approach enables the Board to maintain an appropriate level of collective capability to oversee the full range of risks
           facing Bapcor.

                                                                              112
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026



            Audit & Risk Committee (ARC)
            As outlined in the body’s Charter, the ARC is responsible for assisting and updating the Board on climate-related risks
            and opportunities, reporting and other matters where they intersect with risk management, internal controls, assurance,
            and financial reporting. The ARC’s responsibilities include Bapcor’s enterprise risk management framework and reviewing
            the controls and assurance processes supporting climate-related financial disclosures. For more information on the
            integration of climate within Bapcor’s broader risk management and reporting frameworks please refer to the Risk
            Management section of this report.
            The ARC also considers the implications of climate-related risks for financial reporting judgements, estimates, and
            disclosures, and oversees the preparation of this Sustainability Report, for recommendation to the Board for approval.
            Nomination, Remuneration & ESG Committee (NR&ESGC)
           The NR&ESGC, in-line with its Charter, is responsible for overseeing the development, review, and ongoing effectiveness
           of Bapcor’s ESG strategy, policies, and processes, in relation to broader ESG-related risks. The Committee also monitors
           progress against Bapcor’s ESG-related strategic objectives and targets, and overseeing the preparation of voluntary ESG




For personal use only
           disclosures, for recommendation to the Board for approval.
           Board and Committee Reporting Frequency
           All ESG matters (including climate) are reported quarterly to the NR&ESGC. In this reporting cycle, reporting to the ARC
           commenced in relation to mandatory climate-related disclosures. The Chief Financial Officer (CFO) reported to the ARC
           on mandatory climate-related disclosures, while the Chief People and Culture Officer (CPO) reported to the NR&ESGC
           on ESG-related matters, including voluntary disclosures.
           Group Leadership Team (GLT)
           The GLT’s main responsibility is to provide executive-level oversight of climate-related matters by reviewing progress
           updates, key risks and recommendations escalated by the CWG.
           The GLT considers these insights to support management decision-making, prioritise actions, endorse decisions from the
           CWG and determine matters requiring further escalation. The CFO and the CPO are both members of the GLT and act as
           the executive sponsors to the ARC, NR&ESGC and the Board, which retain ultimate oversight and strategic decision-
           making responsibility.
           Chief Financial Officer
           Responsible for incorporating climate-related matters into financial practices, financial reporting (including climate-related
           financial disclosures) and disclosure activities for alignment to financial reporting. The CFO is informed by the CWG and
           the GLT, reporting on key updates to the ARC, as needed.
           Chief People & Culture Officer
           Responsible for ESG strategy, execution and voluntary ESG disclosure - and incorporating ESG matters into these
           processes as necessary. The CPO is informed by the CWG and the GLT, reporting on key updates to the NR&ESGC, as
           needed.
           Climate Working Group (CWG)
           The CWG was established to coordinate Bapcor’s climate-related reporting, analysis, and implementation activities
           across the business. The CWG comprises the CFO, CPO and Bapcor’s sustainability experts. The CWG also brings
           together subject matter experts from across the business, including Risk, Finance, Sustainability, Strategy, Property and
           Operations, to embed climate considerations across the business.
           The CWG operates under a formal ‘Terms of Reference’ that clearly defines its purpose, objectives, and member
           responsibilities. It also defines robust governance controls, including procedures for reporting and escalation where
           required.
           The CWG’s purpose includes:
                        •   Supporting the identification and assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities and their potential future
                            financial impacts across the businesses’ value chain;
                        •   Supporting cross functional collaboration to embed climate considerations into broader organisational decision-
                            making;
                        •   Driving and monitoring the delivery of actions identified to manage climate-related risk and opportunities; and
                        •   Supporting mandatory climate-related reporting requirements.


                                                                                113
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Outputs from the CWG are escalated to the GLT as appropriate.
           Effective 1 July 2026, the General Counsel & Company Secretary will join the CWG. This reporting arrangement
           integrates sustainability-related compliance, governance and disclosure oversight within the Company's broader
           corporate governance framework and supports effective management of sustainability-related risks, opportunities and
           reporting obligations including a focus on ASRS mandatory climate-related disclosures.




For personal use only




                                                                     114
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Strategy
            Description and classification of climate-related risks and opportunities
            Bapcor's climate-related risk and opportunity assessment reflects the Group's current understanding based on
            information, data, and climate scenario modelling available at the date of this Report. Climate science, regulatory
            requirements, and Bapcor's operating context continue to evolve, and the assessments, targets, and strategies described
            in this section may be revised in future reporting periods as new information becomes available.
            Bapcor is a leading Australian and New Zealand provider of aftermarket vehicle parts, accessories, equipment, services
            and solutions. The company operates approximately 900 locations and employs over 5,000 team members across
            Australia, New Zealand, and Thailand.
            To identify, assess and prioritise climate-related risks and opportunities that may affect its business model and value
            chain, Bapcor undertook a structured, multi-phase process, which included:
                        •   Identification through desktop research and shortlisting through internal stakeholder engagement.
                        •   Assessment of operational and asset data together with external market, regulatory and climate data.
                        •   Prioritisation for disclosure based on exposure and potential impacts.




For personal use only
            This process allowed Bapcor to identify key transition and physical risks, as well as associated opportunities. The Risk
            Management section of this Report provides more detail on the process for identifying, assessing and prioritising climate-
            related risks and opportunities.
            Bapcor’s business model is closely linked to the make-up of the vehicle car parc (number and type of registered vehicles)
            and the ongoing servicing and maintenance requirements of those vehicles. As such, structural changes in vehicle
            technology and the transition from internal combustion (ICE) towards zero and low emission vehicles (ZLEVs), alongside
            climate-related physical impacts to operations and infrastructure, are regarded as material risks for Bapcor over the
            following time horizons:
                        •   Short-term; present to 2030
                        •   Medium-term; to 2040, and;
                        •   Long-term; to 2050
           The transition risk is expected to emerge progressively over the medium to long term and may affect product demand,
           regulatory alignment, supplier relationships, capability requirements of the team and market positioning. The opportunity
           for Bapcor is to expand and adapt its product offering to support emerging vehicle technologies and meet changing
           customer requirements, particularly in areas where Bapcor can leverage its scale, supplier relationships and distribution
           network.
           The physical risks identified are expected to manifest across the short, medium and long term, and are concentrated in
           geographic locations where sites or Bapcor’s value chain are exposed to climate hazards. The potential impacts depend
           on the nature, location, duration and severity of the hazard and the vulnerability of the assets, and may include site
           damage, operational disruption, impact on team members and increased operating and capital costs.
           Climate scenario analysis
           Bapcor undertook climate scenario analysis to assess the resilience of the business to its climate-related risks and
           opportunities. Three Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)-aligned Shared Socioeconomic Pathways
           (SSPs) were applied:
                        •   SSP1-2.6 (Paris ambitious 1.5 °C) - low warming, high transition risk
                        •   SSP2-4.5 (Middle of the road) - intermediate warming
                        •   SSP5-8.5 (Business-as-usual) - high warming, high physical risk.
           These scenarios provide a range of plausible climate futures and are consistent with recognised global sources, including
           IPCC Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) data, Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) scenario families and
           regional climate models. More information is included in Table 1 below.
           Table 2, 3 and 4 presented below outline the identified climate‑-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be
           expected to affect the business, including relevant time horizons, potential impacts, and Bapcor’s current management
           responses.




                                                                                115
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Table 1: The scenarios applied in the climate scenario analysis.

                                                         Paris Ambitious 1.5°C                   Middle of the Road                    Business as Usual
                             Scenario Families
                                                        (Low Warming Scenario)           (Intermediate Warming Scenario)            (High Warming Scenario)


                             IPCC Alignment                      SSP 1-2.6                             SSP 2-4.5                             SSP 5-8.5



                    Approximate Temperature
                                                                 1.3 - 2.4°C                          2.1 – 3.5°C                          3.3 – 5.7°C+
                        Increase (2100) 5


                                                                                                                                        Hot House World
                                                             Orderly Transition                   Disorderly Transition
                        Network For Greening the                                                                                                 -
                                                                     -                                      -
                        Financial System (NGFS)               Net Zero 2050                        Delayed Transition
                                                                                                                                    Current Policies, Nationally
                                                                                                                                 Determined Contributions (NDCs)




For personal use only
                                                            High Transition Risks                High Transition Risks                 Low Transition Risks
                                  Risks                      Low Physical Risks                   Low Physical Risks                   High Physical Risks


                                                     Early decisive global policy action is Policy measures are delayed until
                                                                                                                                 No new policies are introduced, and
                                                      taken to limit global warming from     late 2020s/early 2030s, leading to
                                Summary                early 2020s, gradually becoming      increased costs (e.g., higher carbon
                                                                                                                                     emissions grow, leading to
                                                                                                                                    increasing physical impacts.
                                                                more stringent.                    prices) to limit warming.




            The analysis reveals that:
                         •    Lower warming scenarios increase exposure to transition risks, particularly through accelerated shifts in vehicle
                              technology.
                         •    Higher warming scenarios increase exposure to physical risks, including disruption to operations and direct asset
                              damage.
            It is important to note that the climate scenario analysis is subject to uncertainty and does not offer perfect predictions of
            possible outcomes. Key areas of judgement and associated measurement uncertainties are outlined on page 124.
            Bapcor’s ability to adjust its strategy and business model in response to the identified risks and opportunities is
            dependent on the effective resourcing and implementation of mitigation and adaptation actions. This includes investment
            in resilience and decarbonisation initiatives as required, which are subject to capital availability, business case evaluation
            and competing priorities.
            Bapcor’s analysis indicates the business to be resilient over the short term under each climate scenario. Over the medium
            and long term, and without changes to the current product portfolio, exposure increases as changes in the vehicle car
            parc become more pronounced under each climate scenario.




                                                                                        116
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Table 2: Climate-related transition risk relevant to Bapcor.

                Climate-related Transition Risk

                Risk Title      Transition of the automotive aftermarket from internal combustion engines (ICE) to zero and low emission vehicles (ZLEVs)
                                reduces the ongoing servicing and maintenance requirements of those vehicles

                Risk            Market
                Category

                Risk            The automotive industry is transitioning from ICE to ZLEV technologies - such as electric vehicles (EV), plug-in hybrid electric
                Description     vehicles (PHEV) and hybrid vehicles, driven by policy, consumer demand, and technological innovation. This shift poses a risk to
                                Bapcor’s ICE focused product and service offerings, especially under potential accelerated low-carbon policy scenarios where shifts
                                in vehicle technology would be expected to accelerate.

                Impact Time-    Medium – Long
                horizon

                Potential       Revenue decline - loss in demand for ICE specific products and categories as market shifts.




For personal use only
                Impacts on
                Bapcor          Product obsolescence - there may be reduced demand for some components, such as exhaust parts, resulting in stranded
                                inventory.
                                Capital expenditure - costs associated with investing in transition-suitable product stock.
                                Asset carrying values – changes in long term customer demand for ICE vehicle products may result in an impairment of the
                                carrying value of assets such as goodwill and store/branch assets.
                                Operational impacts - changes to the traditional business model and changes to existing suppliers may lead to disruption in service
                                delivery.
                                Skills gap - shortage of ZLEV-trained team members may limit Bapcor’s ability to support customer demand for ZLEV products and
                                meet regulatory compliance.
                                Brand positioning - failure to adapt in a timely manner may erode Bapcor’s market leadership in an evolving sector.

                How Bapcor      Market and demand monitoring
                Currently
                Responds        During FY26, Bapcor has monitored and will continue to monitor vehicle sales, model releases and warranty exit profiles using
                                industry datasets to track ICE to ZLEV transition and inform product development timing. Product development is primarily driven
                                by wholesale and network teams.
                                Product range exposure assessment
                                The current product portfolio remains largely aligned to ICE vehicles in FY26, reflecting the current car parc. Bapcor’s product
                                ranging reviews consider the impact of the evolving car parc.

                Current         There were no material financial effects of the transition to ZLEVs on the Group’s financial position, financial performance and cash
                Financial       flows in the year ended 30 June 2026.
                Effects

                Anticipated     Demand for Bapcor’s products is determined by the make-up of the vehicle car parc and the ongoing servicing and maintenance
                Financial       requirements of those vehicles. As such, structural changes in vehicle technology and the transition from ICE vehicles to ZLEVs is
                Effects         regarded as a material risk for Bapcor over the medium (2040) and long term (2050). There is a level of measurement uncertainty
                                in quantifying the financial impact of the risk, including ZLEV uptake rates, the timing of transition of ZLEV’s from Original
                                Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) servicing to aftermarket servicing, retirement rates of ICE vehicles, servicing needs of ZLEV’s, and
                                changes in government regulations, that would make the quantitative information not useful. Any impact relating to climate is also
                                not separately identifiable from broader economic and geopolitical drivers.


            Bapcor will monitor and assess the evolution of these climate-related risks and opportunities, as well as others which may
            become relevant for disclosure once further work is undertaken. For example, once Scope 3 GHG emissions are
            quantified in FY27, consideration will be given to any potential reputational effects and any impacts associated with
            regulations imposing an additional cost on carbon, particularly under a low emission scenario.




                                                                                         117
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Table 3: Climate-related opportunity relevant to Bapcor.

                Climate-related Opportunity

                Title             Transition of the automotive aftermarket from internal combustion engines (ICE) to zero and low emission vehicles (ZLEVs)
                                  provides opportunities to supply new products

                Description       The anticipated market shift to ZLEVs provides an opportunity for Bapcor as there is growth potential in ZLEV-related parts,
                                  services, and technical capabilities. Proactive adoption may result in greater market share and facilitate the position as a leader
                                  in this evolving aftermarket space.

                Potential         Revenue growth potential - expanding into ZLEV-compatible product lines creates new revenue streams that may balance and
                Benefits to       offset the anticipated declining ICE demand.
                Bapcor
                                  Entry into new service markets - building ZLEV servicing and diagnostic capabilities at Bapcor is expected to enable participation
                                  in the growing ZLEV sector.
                                  Team-member uplift - up-skilling of the Bapcor team to improve capability and support staff retention.
                                  Enhanced brand positioning – partnering strategically with ZLEV manufacturers and suppliers is expected to strengthen Bapcor’s
                                  market position and role in the evolving automotive aftermarket ecosystem.




For personal use only
                                  Increased customer retention - supporting customers with new ZLEV-ready products, services and expertise encourages loyalty
                                  during the market shift.

                How Bapcor        Bapcor strategy development
                Currently
                Responds          In FY26 Bapcor has identified the transition to ZLEVs and the changing car parc as key external drivers informing the
                                  development of Bapcor’s strategy going forward.
                                  ZLEV product launches and portfolio expansion
                                  During FY26 Bapcor has initiated limited ZLEV-related product launches and is expanding its portfolio into ZLEV segments,
                                  currently demand-led and particularly following warranty exits. This represents early entry into non-ICE parts revenue as the
                                  vehicle car parc shifts.
                                  Supplier engagement and capability uplift
                                  Supplier engagement for ZLEVs began in FY26 across several business units, supported by forums to discuss ZLEV and
                                  innovation topics. Bapcor is at the early stages of building the supply-side capability needed to expand ZLEV product offerings.



                Current           There were no material financial benefits of the transition to ZLEVs on the Group’s financial position, financial performance and
                Financial         cash flows in the year ended 30 June 2026.
                Effects

                Anticipated
                Financial         The opportunity for Bapcor is to expand and adapt its product offering to support emerging vehicle technologies and meet
                Effects           changing customer requirements, particularly in areas where Bapcor can leverage its scale, supplier relationships and
                                  distribution network. As such, the increase in ZLEVs is regarded as a material opportunity for Bapcor over the medium (2040)
                                  and long term (2050). There is a level of measurement uncertainty in quantifying the financial benefit and investment required for
                                  the opportunity that would make the quantitative information not useful. The benefit relating to climate is also not separately
                                  identifiable from broader economic and geopolitical drivers.




                                                                                        118
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Table 4: Climate-related physical risk relevant to Bapcor.

                Climate-related Physical Risk

                Risk Title          Disruption from extreme weather events and longer-term climate shifts

                Risk Category       Acute & Chronic

                Risk Description    Increased frequency and / or intensity of heatwaves, precipitation, floods and storms may cause structural damage, disrupt
                                    operations and product supply chains.

                Impact Time-        Short – Medium – Long
                horizon

                Potential           Direct Impacts:
                Impacts on
                Bapcor              Team member safety risks - increased exposure for staff working in affected areas.
                                    Physical damage to sites, stock, equipment, and building facilities - associated with events such as flooding.




For personal use only
                                    Increased maintenance costs - accelerated wear on building exteriors and servicing systems.
                                    Indirect Impacts:
                                    Customer impact - disruption to store access, product availability, and service continuity, leading to reduced customer
                                    satisfaction, potential loss of sales and long-term customer loyalty.
                                    Operational disruption - site closures and associated delays due to inaccessible roads or damaged facilities.
                                    Supply chain disruption, particularly for the supply of products into stores and distribution centres and / or the provision of parts
                                    to trade and wholesale customers
                                    Insurance premiums - increases due to higher risk exposure.

                How Bapcor          Hazard identification and exposure assessment
                Currently
                Responds            Bapcor uses a hazard modelling tool to assess the risk of floods (surface water and river), storms and cyclones occurring
                                    (covering the precipitation and wind risks identified).
                                    Outputs from this modelling feed into an aggregated Natural Catastrophe (NatCat) score which is used as the primary indicator
                                    of site-level peril-ratings. While this does not explicitly assess long-term precipitation trends, the NatCat score is used as a
                                    general proxy for precipitation-related exposure.
                                    Integration into decision-making
                                    The NatCat score is incorporated into Property Investment Committee risk assessments for property leases and informs site
                                    selection and leasing decisions where elevated hazard exposure is identified.
                                    Business continuity planning
                                    A business continuity plan (BCP) exists at an enterprise level at Bapcor, with a review and update of the BCP planned for FY27
                                    to align with the current operating environment and business structure.
                                    Emergency response checklists are in place across the business with a particular focus on recent high-risk regions. Specific
                                    emergency checklists for major flood or extreme weather events have been defined by the Health, Safety, and Wellbeing team.
                                    This checklist was successfully implemented during Cyclone Alfred in Queensland in 2025.
                                    Insurance
                                    Bapcor maintains insurance arrangements designed to mitigate the financial impacts of extreme weather events and natural
                                    catastrophes. These include property insurance for damage to buildings, plant, equipment and inventory, business interruption
                                    cover for insured losses arising from operational disruptions, and liability insurance for third-party personal injury or property
                                    damage claims associated with affected sites. Insurance coverage is reviewed periodically to ensure it remains appropriate for
                                    the evolving risk profile and geographic exposure of the business.
                Current Financial   There were no material financial impacts of acute or chronic weather events on the Group’s financial position, financial
                Effects             performance and cash flows in the year ended 30 June 2026.

                Anticipated         Insurance policies are relied upon to provide cover to mitigate financial impacts from extreme weather events. While the Group
                Financial Effects   seeks to mitigate the financial impacts of extreme weather events through insurance arrangements, insurance coverage is
                                    subject to exclusions, limits, deductibles and may not cover all losses, costs or operational disruptions arising from such
                                    events. Insurance cover is intended to be maintained over the short to long term. The cost of insurance and deductible amount
                                    has a significant level of measurement uncertainty and the impact of heatwave, precipitation, storm and flood damage on cost
                                    of insurance and deductibles cannot be separately identified. Bapcor operates a geographically spread business model with
                                    supply chain operations, branch and store networks, and customers spread throughout Australia and New Zealand, which
                                    reduces the potential financial impact from climate-related disruptions.

            Other physical hazards have been considered on a site-level basis but do not represent a high level of exposure to Bapcor at an
            aggregate level. Future evaluation is anticipated to maintain oversight of emerging and evolving climate related-risks and opportunities.

                                                                                         119
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Influence on forward looking strategy and decision-making
           Bapcor considers the climate-related risks and opportunities identified in determining its strategy and decision-making
           processes and intends to continue to assess how to adapt its business model over time as these risks and opportunities
           evolve.
           Current management responses are outlined in Table 2, 3 and 4 above. The following actions below represent Bapcor’s
           planned mitigation and adaptation measures to further reduce exposure to climate-related risks and harness the identified
           opportunity.
           How Bapcor intends to respond - transition
           Bapcor is establishing a unified approach to the transition through a ZLEV vision and commercial product strategy,
           aligning to evolving vehicle technology trends and uptake. As part of this, Bapcor expects to:
                        •   Assess the supplier landscape to identify key partners and potential capability gaps relevant to ZLEV-related
                            products.
                        •   Identify and define capability and skills requirements, including roles and training needed to support emerging
                            product categories and technical requirements.




For personal use only
                        •   Review its current position in, and exposure to, segments of the aftermarket value chain and expand and/or shift
                            its focus to maximise the opportunity from the transition to ZLEVs
           This strategy is intended to be implemented throughout the organisation, which may include initiatives to improve
           capability and skills required to manage emerging product categories and technical requirements in order to assist with
           the successful implementation of the determined strategic initiatives.
           How Bapcor intends to respond - physical
           Bapcor is strengthening its physical risk management approach by:
                        •   Formalising the methodology for use of NatCat scores within Property Investment Committee decision making for
                            property leases.
                        •   Reviewing and updating the existing BCP to define bespoke, segment specific requirements for climate‑related
                            continuity planning.
                        •   Assessing sites based on regional physical hazard exposure and establishing high-level guidance on hazard
                            specific preparedness.

           Both the transition and physical initiatives are intended to be implemented progressively subject to resource availability,
           capital allocation and operational priorities.
           Next step - transition planning
           Bapcor is in the early stages of transition planning. This work is expected to support the development and delivery of
           Bapcor’s strategy by integrating climate scenario analysis, climate-related risk and opportunities, climate resilience
           assessment and decarbonisation strategy.




                                                                               120
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Risk Management
            Bapcor’s existing risk management process
           Bapcor identifies and manages risks at a Group level through a Risk Management Framework, which is aligned with ISO
           31000:2018 and is applied across the Group. The framework establishes a structured and consistent approach to the
           identification, assessment and management of risks, requiring business functions to proactively profile risks (including
           climate-related risks - although not currently identified as enterprise risks relative to other organisational risks) relevant to
           their operations, which underpin the development and annual review of the Enterprise Risk Register.
           Processes for identifying, assessing and prioritising climate-related risks & opportunities
           Acknowledging the unique nature and uncertainty of climate-related risks, Bapcor undertook a structured, multi-phase
           process designed specifically for climate, to identify, assess and prioritise risks and opportunities relevant to its business
           model and value chain.
           The identification process incorporated desktop research and stakeholder engagement across key business functions to
           capture both physical and transition risks. This process was informed by qualitative insights previously developed through
           Bapcor’s voluntary Taskforce on Climate Financial Disclosures (TCFD)-aligned disclosures as part of the FY25 ESG




For personal use only
           Report, ensuring continuity with prior analysis.
           The identified risks and opportunities were assessed through climate scenario analysis, supported by a range of internal
           and external inputs. These inputs included site and asset information, operational and productivity data, climate hazard
           datasets, and external data sources - relevant to transition risk forecasting. Together, these inputs informed an
           assessment of the exposure and strategic relevance of the identified risks and opportunities.
           Climate-related risks and opportunities were considered across the short-term (2030), medium-term (2040), and long-
           term (2050) time horizons, reflecting the different ways in which climate-related risks may manifest over time. This
           process enabled the development of a prioritised shortlist of risks and opportunities for further evaluation and integration
           into business planning and risk management processes. Further information on these prioritised climate-related risks and
           opportunities as well as the climate scenarios applied is provided in the Strategy section of this Report.
           Embedding climate into the existing risk management process
           Climate-related risks are intended to be considered within the context of Bapcor’s broader enterprise risk profiling
           procedure and are anticipated to be managed through the existing risk management processes going forward, with
           planned enhancements to embed climate considerations explicitly in a manner consistent with the nature of the Group’s
           operations.
           As part of this process, the Legal function is expected to be responsible for coordinating the assessment and profiling of
           climate-related risks. The risks are intended to be assessed using the same criteria applied to all enterprise risks, with
           existing controls and mitigation actions subsequently being documented and monitored.
           Climate-related risks assessed as ‘high’ or ‘extreme’ within the ESG risk profile are to be escalated through existing
           governance pathways, including reporting to the Audit & Risk Committee (ARC) and the Board. Climate-related risks are
           not currently separately identified as key enterprise risks, however the transition risk relating to ICE vehicle products is
           incorporated within key enterprise risks.
           The process illustrated in Figure 2 below demonstrates the planned integration of climate-related risks into Bapcor’s
           existing Risk Management Framework.




            Figure 2: The proposed process for integrating climate-related risk management into the existing Risk Management Framework and
            governance structure.



                                                                           121
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Metrics & Targets
            Climate-related metrics
            Bapcor measures and discloses greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to track progress against its emissions reduction
            targets and support the transition to a low-carbon economy. Measurement is aligned with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol:
            A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004).
            Bapcor applies an operational control approach to define organisational boundaries, recognising 100% of emissions from
            operations where it has the authority to implement operating policies.
            Accordingly, emissions from investments where operational control is not exercised are excluded from Scope 1 and
            Scope 2 and are expected to be incorporated within Scope 3 disclosures over time as measurement capability matures.
            Absolute gross GHG emissions for the current reporting period are set out in Table 4, measurement methodologies are
            consistent with prior reporting periods, with no changes in the current reporting period.
            Measurement approach
            Bapcor’s measurement approach for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions is outlined below:




For personal use only
                        •   Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions are calculated using primary activity data sourced from Bapcor’s internal
                            systems and third-party data monitoring platforms.
                        •   This data is collected centrally and used to calculate emissions using relevant emission factors.
                        •   Where primary activity data is unavailable, Bapcor applies estimation techniques using representative
                            consumption data by business unit or site type.
                        •   The relevant methodologies and assumptions are documented in Bapcor’s internal basis of reporting and
                            conservative assumptions are applied where relevant.
                        •   Bapcor continues to enhance data accuracy across applicable emission categories through:
                                o increased primary data collection
                                o improved reconciliation processes
                                o refinement of estimation techniques where complete activity data is unavailable
           Emission factors
           Emission factors are sourced from the Australian National Greenhouse Accounts Factors, 2025 (NGAF) published by the
           Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water (DCCEW) and applied consistently across reporting
           periods.
           Scope 1 emission sources
                        •   Stationary fuel consumption: Natural gas used via owned and operated equipment, such as gas and diesel
                            forklifts across sites.
                        •   Mobile fuel combustion: Fuel used in fleet vehicles that are owned and operated by Bapcor.
                        •   Fugitive emissions: Refrigerant leakage from use of air conditioning (AC) and/or heating ventilation and air
                            conditioning (HVAC) systems across Bapcor sites.
           Mobile fuel combustion represents the most significant component of Scope 1 emissions and is a priority decarbonisation
           lever. Activity associated with this emission source is tracked and calculated using telematics and fuel-spend data.
           Scope 2 emission sources
                        •   Purchased electricity: energy consumption across distribution centres, warehouses, retail and trade stores, and
                            offices in Australia, New Zealand, and Thailand.
           Scope 2 emissions are disclosed via both the:
                        •   Location-based approach, which reflects grid-average emissions intensity; and
                        •   Market-based approach, which reflects emissions after accounting for contractual instruments such as renewable
                            energy purchases (e.g. GreenPower), by applying emissions factors to the residual non-renewable electricity
                            consumption. Increased renewable electricity procurement is considered a potential decarbonisation lever that
                            may be employed in future reporting periods, subject to further assessment of feasibility, cost, and available
                            budget.




                                                                                122
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Table 5: Bapcor’s absolute gross GHG emissions (tCO₂e) for the FY26 reporting period.

                Emissions Scope                                               FY26 (tCO₂e)

                Scope 1                                                       13,001

                Scope 2 (market-based)                                        14,491

                Scope 2 (location-based)                                      14,561




                Scope 1 and 2 (market-based)                                  27,492

                Scope 1 and 2 (location-based)                                27,562

            The emissions outlined in Table 5 above inform the annual performance to enable tracking against Bapcor’s Scope 1 and
            Scope 2 emissions reduction targets.




For personal use only
            Bapcor has applied transitional relief and has not disclosed Scope 3 emissions in this Report. Scope 3 emissions will be
            disclosed in future reporting periods.
            Cross‑industry metrics
           Bapcor has identified exposure to climate-related risks and opportunities across its operations (please refer to the
           Strategy section of this Report for further detail). At this stage, these climate-related risks and opportunities have been
           qualitatively assessed and Bapcor intends to refine the assessment methodologies in future reporting periods and
           expects to consider quantitatively disclosing cross-industry metrics as data accuracy, modelling capability and third-party
           data sources improve.
           Bapcor does not currently apply an internal carbon price in its business planning or link climate performance to
           remuneration. Both are intended to be reviewed as the climate management framework matures.
           Due to the lack of material financial effects and quantifiable data, cross-industry metrics are not provided this year.
           Climate-related targets
           In FY24, Bapcor established net, market-based climate-related GHG-emissions targets, applicable to operations across
           Australia, New Zealand, and Thailand. The GHG targets were established based on an assessment of Bapcor’s
           emissions profile, and the decarbonisation opportunities identified across its operations, with the use of renewable energy
           certificates and transition to renewable electricity solutions considered as part of achieving Bapcor’s targets.
           These targets were in effect for the FY26 reporting period and have guided the current decarbonisation efforts. As
           Bapcor's business context has changed since the targets were set, all targets are under review to determine ongoing
           feasibility and alignment with broader business strategy. This review is expected to continue through FY27, and any
           resulting changes to targets, timeframes, or interim milestones is expected to be disclosed in future reporting periods.
           Targets in effect for FY26 (under review)
                        •   40% reduction target in combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by FY30 (from FY23 baseline).
                        •   50% reduction target in combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by FY33 (from FY23 baseline).
           A decarbonisation strategy to meet these targets was formalised in FY26. This identified and assessed emission
           reduction initiatives across Bapcor’s operations. Based on the GHG emissions accounting results, mobile fuel combustion
           (fleet) and purchased electricity (property) account for more than 95% of Bapcor’s operational Scope 1 and 2 emissions
           and therefore represent the primary levers for decarbonisation.
           The FY26 decarbonisation strategy established a structured pathway to achieving the FY30 and FY33 targets, including
           the prioritisation of initiatives based on operational feasibility, cost-effectiveness, and implementation readiness. The
           feasibility, funding and implementation of the FY26 decarbonisation strategy will be reviewed in conjunction with the
           review of Bapcor’s targets.
           Progress against the FY23 baseline is monitored annually. Bapcor’s Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions have reduced by 2%
           between the FY23 baseline and FY26. In FY26 Bapcor recorded a decrease in Scope 1 emissions to 13,001tCO2e,
           compared to 13,500tCO2e in FY25 (-4%). Scope 2 market-based emissions increased to 14,491tCO2e in FY26,
           compared to 14,097tCO2e in FY25(+3%). The reduction in Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions since FY23 reflect both
           operational improvements and enhanced data quality across reporting systems. Emissions data from FY23 to FY26 is
           presented comparatively in Table 6 below.

                                                                            123
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Table 6: Bapcor’s emissions performance year-on-year compared to the FY23 baseline year.

                Emissions Scope                   FY23 (tCO₂e)              FY24 (tCO₂e)               FY25 (tCO₂e)           FY26 (tCO₂e)

                Scope 1                                 14,250                    14,567                     13,500                 13,001

                Scope 2 (market-based)                  13,811                    14,285                     14,097                 14,491

                Scope 2 (location-based)                14,071                    15,318                     14,940                 14,561




                Scope 1 and 2
                                                        28,061                    28,852                     27,597                 27,492
                (market‑based)

                Scope 1 and 2 (location-
                                                        28,321                    29,885                     28,440                 27,562
                based)




For personal use only
            Report judgements and measurement uncertainties
            This Report includes forward-looking information relating to climate-related risks, opportunities and qualitative anticipated
            financial effects. This information is based on data and assumptions available at the reporting date and involved a degree
            of interpretation, as such, future realised outcomes may differ compared to what is stated in this Report.
            The Group determined that the anticipated financial effects are not separately identifiable from broader economic, market,
            operational and geopolitical factors within the financial statements, and that the level of estimation uncertainty is such that
            resulting quantitative information would not be useful.
            The climate scenario analysis and climate resilience disclosures outlined in the Strategy section of this Report rely on
            assumptions about future events that may not occur and are therefore inherently uncertain. Unpredictable future global
            GHG emissions and the dynamic nature of the earth’s climate create uncertainties in physical climate scenario modelling.
            The unpredictable nature of government climate regulation, customer and OEM responses driving ZLEV uptake rates,
            ICE vehicle retirement rates and servicing needs create uncertainties in transition climate scenario modelling. The climate
            scenarios represent potential futures, not predictions, and are useful for assessing risks and informing strategic decisions,
            however, no single scenario should be interpreted as the most likely outcome.
            As Bapcor’s climate reporting, systems and controls mature, Bapcor’s judgements and measurement methods will be
            refined. This may affect future assessments and disclosures or climate-related matters and financial effects.




                                                                          124
            Bapcor Limited
            Sustainability report
            30 June 2026

            Director’s Declaration
            The directors of Bapcor Limited declare that, in their opinion Bapcor Limited has taken reasonable steps to ensure that
            the substantive provisions of the Bapcor Limited Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2026 set out
            on pages 110 to 124 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (C’th) (‘the Act’) including section 296C of the Act
            (compliance with applicable sustainability standards such as the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard AASB S2
            Climate-related Disclosures) and section 296D of the Act (climate statement disclosures).
            This declaration is made on 27 August 2026 in accordance with a resolution by the Board of Directors of Bapcor Limited,
            and is signed for and on behalf of the board of directors by:




For personal use only
                ___________________                                          ____________________
                Lachlan Edwards                                              Chris Wilesmith
                Chair                                                        Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director


                27 August 2026




                                                                       125
                        Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under Section 307C of
                        the Corporations Act 2001

                        To the directors of Bapcor Limited
                        As lead auditor for the review of the specified Sustainability Disclosures in the Sustainability Report of
                        Bapcor Limited for the year ended 30 June 2026, I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief,
                        there have been:
                        — No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act 2001 in
                          relation to the review; and
                        — No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review.




For personal use only
                        This declaration is in respect of Bapcor Limited and the entities it controlled during the year.




                        William Buck (NSW)
                        ABN 16 021 300 521




                        Mwamba Mwamba
                        Partner

                        Sydney, 27 August 2026




           Level 29, 66 Goulburn Street, Sydney NSW 2000                                 +61 2 8263 4000            nsw.info@williambuck.com
           Level 7, 3 Horwood Place, Parramatta NSW 2150                                 +61 2 8263 4000            nsw.info@williambuck.com
           Level 4, 23 National Circuit, Barton ACT 2600                                 +61 2 6126 8500             act.info@williambuck.com
                                                                                                                              williambuck.com

           William Buck is an association of firms, each trading under the name of William Buck
           across Australia and New Zealand with affiliated offices worldwide.
           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Independent Auditor’s Review Report on Specified Sustainability
                        Disclosures to the Members of Bapcor Limited

                              Our conclusion
                        We have not become aware of any matter in the course of our review that makes us believe that the
                        Sustainability Disclosures specified in the table below do not comply with Division 1 of Part 2M.3 of the
                        Corporations Act 2001.

                        What was reviewed?
                        We have conducted a review of the following specified Sustainability Disclosures in the Sustainability
                        Report of Bapcor Limited (the Company) for the year ended 30 June 2026 as required by Australian




For personal use only
                        Standards on Sustainability Assurance ASSA 5010 Timeline for Audits and Reviews of Information in
                        Sustainability Reports under the Corporations Act 2001 issued by the Auditing and Assurance Standards
                        Board (AUASB):

                           Sustainability Disclosures                      Reporting requirement of        Location in Sustainability
                                                                           Australian Sustainability       Report
                                                                           Reporting Standard AASB
                                                                           S2 Climate-related
                                                                           Disclosures (AASB S2)
                                                                           (including related general
                                                                           disclosures required by
                                                                           Appendix D)

                           Governance                                      Paragraph 6                     Section titled ‘Governance’



                           Strategy – Risks and Opportunities              Subparagraphs 9(a), 10(a),      Section titled ‘Strategy’
                                                                           and 10(b)



                           Scope 1 & 2 Emissions                           Subparagraphs 29(a)(i)(1) to    Section titled ‘Metrics and
                                                                           (2) and 29(a)(ii) to (v)        targets’


                        The requirements of AASB S2 identified in the table above form the criteria relevant to the specified
                        Sustainability Disclosures and apply under Division 1 of Part 2M.3 of the Corporations Act 2001 (the Act).




           Level 29, 66 Goulburn Street, Sydney NSW 2000                                 +61 2 8263 4000                 nsw.info@williambuck.com
           Level 7, 3 Horwood Place, Parramatta NSW 2150                                 +61 2 8263 4000                 nsw.info@williambuck.com
           Level 4, 23 National Circuit, Barton ACT 2600                                 +61 2 6126 8500                  act.info@williambuck.com
                                                                                                                                   williambuck.com

           William Buck is an association of firms, each trading under the name of William Buck
           across Australia and New Zealand with affiliated offices worldwide.
           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Basis for conclusion
                        Our review has been conducted in accordance with Australian Standard on Sustainability Assurance ASSA
                        5000 General Requirements for Sustainability Assurance Engagements (ASSA 5000) issued by the
                        AUASB. Our review includes obtaining limited assurance about whether the specified Sustainability
                        Disclosures are free from material misstatement.

                        In applying the relevant criteria, we note that subsection 296C(1) of the Act includes a requirement to
                        comply with AASB S2.

                        Our conclusion is based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained in
                        accordance with ASSA 5000. The procedures in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are less in
                        extent than for, an audit. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially lower
                        than the assurance that would have been obtained had an audit been performed. See the ‘Summary of the




For personal use only
                        work performed’ section of our report below.

                        We are independent of the Company in accordance with the applicable ethical requirements of APES 110
                        Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) issued by the Accounting
                        Professional & Ethical Standards Board Limited (November 2018 incorporating all amendments to July
                        2025) (the Code), together with the ethical requirements in the Act, that are relevant to our review of the
                        specified Sustainability Disclosures in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                        accordance with these requirements and the Code.

                        We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Act, which has been given to the directors of
                        the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor’s report.
                        Our firm applies Australian Standard on Quality Management ASQM 1 Quality Management for Firms that
                        Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Reports and Other Financial Information, or Other Assurance or
                        Related Services Engagements, which requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of
                        quality management, including policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements,
                        professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

                        We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                        conclusion.

                        Other information
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
                        the information included in the Company’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2026 but does not
                        include the specified Sustainability Disclosures in the Sustainability Report and our auditor’s review report
                        thereon. Our conclusion on the specified Sustainability Disclosures does not cover the other information
                        and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our review of the
                        specified Sustainability Disclosures, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and,
                        in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the specified
                        Sustainability Disclosures, or our knowledge obtained when conducting the review, or otherwise appears to
                        be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
                        misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
                        Responsibilities of the directors for the specified Sustainability
                        Disclosures
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for:
                        — The preparation of the specified Sustainability Disclosures in accordance with the Act; and
                        — Designing, implementing and maintaining such internal control necessary to enable the preparation of
                          the specified Sustainability Disclosures, in accordance with the Act that are free from material
                          misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                        Inherent limitations
                        Inherent limitations exist in all assurance engagements due to selective testing of the information being
                        examined. It is therefore possible that fraud, error, or material misstatement in the specified Sustainability




For personal use only
                        Disclosures may occur and not be detected.

                        The climate-related risk management is an emerging area, and often uses data and methodologies that are
                        developing and uncertain. The Report contains forward looking statements, including climate-related
                        scenarios, targets, assumptions, climate projections, forecasts, statements of future intentions and
                        estimates and judgements that have not yet occurred and may never occur. We do not provide assurance
                        on the achievability of this prospective information.

                        Greenhouse gas emissions quantification is subject to significant measurement uncertainty, which arises
                        because of incomplete scientific knowledge used to determine emissions factors and the values needed to
                        combine emissions of different gases. The comparability of sustainability information between entities and
                        over time may be affected by inconsistencies in the methods to estimate or measure those emissions, due
                        to different, but acceptable, methods applied.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the specified Sustainability
                        Disclosures
                        Our objectives are to plan and perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether the specified
                        Sustainability Disclosures are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a
                        review report that includes our conclusion. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
                        material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence decisions of
                        users taken on the basis of the specified Sustainability Disclosures.

                        As part of a review in accordance with ASSA 5000, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
                        professional scepticism throughout the engagement. We also:
                        — Perform risk assessment procedures, including obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to
                          the engagement, to identify and assess the risks of material misstatements, whether due to fraud or
                          error, at the disclosure level but not for the purpose of providing a conclusion on the effectiveness of the
                          entity’s internal control.
                        — Design and perform procedures responsive to assessed risks of material misstatement at the disclosure
                          level. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
                          resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
                          or the override of internal control.
                        Summary of the work performed
                        A review is a limited assurance engagement and involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about
                        the specified Sustainability Disclosures. The nature, timing and extent of procedures selected depend on
                        professional judgement, including the assessed risks of material misstatement at the disclosure level,
                        whether due to fraud or error. In conducting our review, we:
                        — Enquired with management to understand the governance structure and reporting process;
                        — Enquired with management to understand the process for developing the climate governance, strategy
                          and metrics disclosures;
                        — Obtained an understanding of relevant processes, information flow and related systems for key data
                          sets;
                        — Reviewed internal documentation including policies risk management frameworks and basis of




For personal use only
                          preparation documents;
                        — Reviewed Bapcor Limited’s process undertaken to identify climate-related risks and opportunities that
                          could be reasonably be expected to affect the entity’s prospects;
                        — Evaluated the appropriateness of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission factors applied in the greenhouse gas
                          emission processes; and
                        — Evaluated the presentation and disclosure of the selective sustainability information against the
                          requirements of AASB S2.




                        William Buck (NSW)
                        ABN 16 021 300 521




                        Mwamba Mwamba
                        Partner

                        Sydney, 27 August 2026
            Bapcor Limited
            Corporate directory
            30 June 2026

            Directors
                                               Lachlan Edwards (Chair)
                                               Kathryn Spargo (Deputy Chair)
                                               Chris Wilesmith (Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director)
                                               Jacqueline Korhonen (Independent, Non-Executive Director)
                                               Patria Mann (Independent, Non-Executive Director)
                                               Annette Carey (Independent, Non-Executive Director)

            Company secretary                  George Sakoufakis

            Notice of annual general meeting   The details of the annual general meeting of Bapcor Limited are:
                                               Date: 22 October 2026
                                               Time: 1:30pm (AEDT)
                                               Address: 127-139 Link Road, Melbourne Airport, VIC, 3045

            Registered office                  127-139 Link Road
                                               Melbourne Airport VIC 3045




For personal use only
                                               Australia

            Share register                     Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd
                                               452 Johnston Street
                                               Abbotsford VIC 3067
                                               Australia
                                               Ph: +61 3 9415 4000 or 1300 850 505 (within Australia)

            Auditor - Financial Report         PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                               2 Riverside Quay
                                               Southbank VIC 3006
                                               Australia

            Auditor - Sustainability Report    William Buck Accountants & Advisors
                                               Level 29, 66 Goulburn Street
                                               Sydney NSW 2000
                                               Australia

            Stock exchange listing             Bapcor Limited shares are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX: BAP)

            Website                            www.bapcor.com.au




                                                                     131
