Annual Report 2023




                     PERFORMING AND
                     TRANSFORMING
                     WITH PURPOSE
                                                 ABOUT US
Acknowledgement of Country
Bapcor would like to acknowledge
the Traditional Custodians of Country
throughout Australia. We pay our
respect to elders past and present.
We recognise the continued connection
of all First Nations people with Country
and in particular, on all the land where
Bapcor operates.




Contents                                         Bapcor Limited is Asia Pacific’s
                                                 leading provider of vehicle parts,
                                                 accessories, equipment, service
                                                 and solutions. From our origins
Our Purpose and Values                    02
                                                 as Burson Auto Parts in 1971,
                                           04
Strategic Priorities
                                                 Bapcor has since grown into a
Better Than Before                        07    vertically integrated network
Our Segments                              08    servicing customers through
Our Footprint                              10   specialist knowledge and
FY23 Year in Review                        12   expertise in Trade, Specialist
Chair’s Report                             14
                                                 Wholesale and Retail businesses.
                                                 Our reach extends across
Managing Director and
Chief Executive Officer‘s Report           16   c.1,000 locations and we employ
Board of Directors                         18
                                                 approximately 5,500 team
                                                 members across Australia,
Management Team                            19
                                                 New Zealand and Asia.
Our Approach to ESG                       22

Directors’ Report                         45

Financial Report                          84

Shareholder Information                   144

Corporate Directory                       146
Bapcor Annual Report 2023   01
OUR PURPOSE AND VALUES

Our Purpose is the reason Bapcor exists.
That purpose – to be there for what matters
most – is at the heart of everything we do.
It’s our commitment to be there for our
customers, team members, industry and
the communities in which we operate.




     ONE
                BAPCOR
                PURPOSE
                                                                               Making it
                                                                                easier



                                                                                One
                                                                               Bapcor
                                                                      Better
     At Bapcor, we believe everyone deserves to be there               than                  Deliver on
     for what matters most. But what does it mean to really           before               commitments
     be there? Yes, it’s a physical presence, a promise to
     show up when and where we need to be.
     But it’s also a mindset, a shared responsibility to support
     the people around us and create stronger communities
     together, and a commitment to contribute to something
     greater than the sum of our parts.
     So, we’ll continue to be there for our customers, our

                                                                   “Be there for what
     Industry, each other, and the communities we call home.
     As One Bapcor, we’ll continue to meet every moment

                                                                     matters most”
     head-on and be there for what matters most, now and
     into the future.




02
                                      Our Values




                                                                               Our
                                                                               Our Value
                                                                                   Values
                                      Our Purpose is enabled by our
                                      Values, which are embedded into
                                      our culture and processes and
                                      guide our day-to-day behaviours.




Our
OurValues
    Values
                                                WeWe
                                                   do do
                                                      thethe
                                                          right
                                                             right
                                                                thing...
                                                                   thing... WeWe
                                                                               areare
                                                                                   in itin it
                                                                                          together...
                                                                                              together...                          WeWe
                                                                                                                                      give
                                                                                                                                         give
                                                                                                                                           a a
                                                                                                                                             damn...
                                                                                                                                               damn..
                                                  We We    open,
                                                      are are  open,
                                                                 honest
                                                                     honest
                                                                        andand          We’reWe’re
                                                                                                all all
                                                                                                   part of
                                                                                                        parthe
                                                                                                             of the
                                                                                                                Bapcor
                                                                                                                    Bapcor           carecare
                                                                                                                                 We We    about
                                                                                                                                              about
                                                                                                                                                  whatwhat
                                                                                                                                                       we do
                                                                                                                                                           we d
                                                    respectful.
                                                respectful. We do
                                                                We do
                                                                  whatwhat
                                                                        we say
                                                                            we say     family.
                                                                                           family.
                                                                                               We Wesupport
                                                                                                        support
                                                                                                             eacheach  other,
                                                                                                                   other,       andand  proud
                                                                                                                                    are are proud
                                                                                                                                               of how
                                                                                                                                                   of how
                                                                                                                                                       we do
                                                                                                                                                           weitd
                                                     andand
                                                         say say
                                                             what what
                                                                   we do.
                                                                       we do.            include
                                                                                             include
                                                                                                  everyone
                                                                                                      everyone
                                                                                                             andand
                                                                                                                  havehave         We We   passionate
                                                                                                                                       are are passionate
                                                                                                                                                       andand
                                                                                              fun fun
                                                                                                   along
                                                                                                       along
                                                                                                          the the
                                                                                                              way.way.




ng... WeWe
 .       areare
             in itin it
                    together...
                        together...                WeWe
                                                      give
                                                         give
                                                           a a
                                                             damn...
                                                               damn...                     WeWe
                                                                                              getget
                                                                                                  it it
                                                                                                    done...
                                                                                                        done...
 d      We’reWe’re
                all all
                   part of
                        parthe  Bapcor
                             of the Bapcor           carecare
                                                 We We    about
                                                              about
                                                                  whatwhat
                                                                       we do
                                                                           we do        We We
                                                                                            use use      unique
                                                                                                    unique
                                                                                                our our      talents
                                                                                                                  talents
 say   family.
           family.
               We Wesupport
                        support
                             eacheach
                                   other,
                                       other,   andand      proud
                                                        proud
                                                    are are    of how
                                                                   of how
                                                                       we do
                                                                           weit.
                                                                              do it.   to to solutions
                                                                                                  solutions
                                                                                                        andandachieve
                                                                                                                   achieve
         include
             include
                  everyone
                      everyone
                             andand
                                  havehave         We We   passionate
                                                       are are passionate
                                                                       andand          common
                                                                                           common
                                                                                                goals.
                                                                                                    goals.
                                                                                                       We Wecelebrate
                                                                                                                celebrate
              fun fun
                   along
                       along
                          the the
                              way.way.                                                   success
                                                                                            success
                                                                                                 andand
                                                                                                      strive
                                                                                                           strive
                                                                                                              to win.
                                                                                                                  to win.




               Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                      03
STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

            1
                Become One Bapcor
                Becoming One Bapcor is about bringing our team together and
                uniting behind a common purpose, set of values and new ways of
                working to realise the full potential of Bapcor and unleash the power
                of our people.
                The Better Than Before transformation is an important step on that
                journey, with the company making targeted investment in people,
                processes and technology in key areas of digital, category management
                and procurement.




           2
                Deliver capital efficient growth
                Bapcor has created a vertically integrated ecosystem, combining
                hard-to-replicate national footprints with specialist go-to-market
                channels and brands. These foundations, supported by state-of-the-art
                supply chain capabilities, provide a unique customer proposition that
                Bapcor can leverage to deliver additional and sustainable capital
                efficient growth.




           3
                Embed an agile culture of transformation
                To truly unleash the power of our people, Bapcor is embedding a
                culture where change, collaboration, continuous improvement,
                empowerment and customer-centricity are fully embraced as part
                of our DNA, to allow us to effectively respond to evolving market
                conditions and customer demands.




           4
                Connect though digital and data
                Bapcor is investing in technology that provides our customers with
                advanced digital channels to accelerate parts delivery and reduce their
                cost to serve. Our Accelerate Rewards program, in Retail, continues
                to build momentum with over 500,000 members and will enable us
                to bring more relevant and competitive offers to our growing digital
                customer base.
                As a leading provider of automotive aftermarket parts in Australia and
                New Zealand, Bapcor is uniquely positioned to leverage industry-wide
                data for enhanced decision making and predictive analytics.




           5
                Extend and optimise our customer reach
                Network and range expansion, both organic and through targeted
                acquisitions, will continue to be a priority for Bapcor in ensuring
                we have the right products, services and parts available and in close
                proximity to our customers, when they need them most.




           6
                Embed sustainability into our operations
                ESG represents the foundation of our commitment to driving a
                long-term sustainable future, by embedding sustainability into
                our strategic decisions and everyday operations. In addition,
                we are positioning Bapcor to leverage the opportunities of a zero
                emissions environment, including through our aspiration to become
                a market leader in the supply of parts and technologies to zero
                emissions vehicles.


04
Bapcor Annual Report 2023   05
06
                             BETTER THAN BEFORE

                            “We are an organisation that is proud of what we do.
                             Bapcor holds a leading position in an attractive and
                             stable market, with strong results and sustained
                             growth. Building on these foundations, we want to
                             take Bapcor from being a really good business, to
                             an even better business, where we make things
                             easier, unleash the full potential of our people
                             and ultimately create more value for our
                             shareholders and customers.”
                             – Noel Meehan, Managing Director and CEO




                             In November 2022,                   BTB is a multi-year, whole-of-business
                                                                 transformation with three key objectives:
                             we introduced Better
                             than Before (BTB) with                 	Unleash the power of our people and
                                                                     improve team member engagement
                             a dual focus on financial
                             performance and                            Deliver at least $100M in discrete
                                                                        net EBIT benefit in FY25
                             organisational health.
                             Our goal is to transform                   Improve Bapcor’s average return
                                                                        on invested capital to more than
                             from a good business to                    12% by FY25
                             an excellent business.
                                                                 A year into BTB and we are delivering on
                                                                 around 300 initiatives, driven by more than
                                                                 150 team members as initiative owners.
                                                                 These initiatives are increasing efficiencies in
                                                                 processes and collaboration, driving change
                                                                 and minimising costs across the Group.
                                                                 At the same time, we are starting to simplify
                                                                 our systems and policies, resulting in a
                                                                 working environment where it is easier to
                                                                 focus on the customer, with greater flexibility
                                                                 and more empowered team members.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                           07
OUR
SEGMENTS
Bapcor operates in strong                    Revenue        EBITDA

                                             $
                                              763M 124M     $
and resilient markets
which offer good growth
opportunities.
                                                 UP 11.3%       UP 7.9%




Revenue by type
           10%


10%                                          Revenue        EBITDA

                                             $
                                              766M $103M
                                                 UP 9.5%        UP 0.9%




                                   80%




     Non discretionary – Trade & Wholesale

     Non discretionary – Retail

     Discretionary – Retail                  Revenue        EBITDA

                                             $
                                                 426M $68M
                                                 UP 8.3%        UP 1.7%




                                             Revenue        EBITDA

                                             $
                                              176M
                                                 UP 3.0%
                                                            $
                                                                30M
                                                                DOWN 8.9%




08
Australia’s leading distributor         › Automotive aftermarket parts
of vehicle parts and equipment            and consumables to trade
solutions to Trade customers. It          workshops for the service and
consists of the Burson Auto Parts,        repair of passenger vehicles
Precision Automotive Equipment
                                        › Automotive workshop equipment
and Blacktown Auto Spares in
                                          such as vehicle hoists and
Australia as well as an emerging
                                          scanning equipment, including
footprint in Thailand. This segment
                                          servicing of the equipment
is a distributor of:
                                        › Automotive accessories and
                                          maintenance products to
                                          do-it-yourself vehicle owners




Bapcor’s Specialist Wholesale           businesses of JAS Oceania and
segment is a leader in both the         Baxters/MTQ; and the Wholesale
Australian truck and specialist         business that is a specialised
wholesale markets; and acts as          leader in automotive aftermarket
aggregator and importer for One         wholesale operations through
Bapcor. It consists of the Specialist   brands such as AAD, Bearing
Networks business including the         Wholesalers, Roadsafe, Premier
Truckline Commercial Vehicle            Auto Trade, Federal Batteries,
Group, as well as the auto electrical   Diesel Distributors, and AADi.




One of Australia’s leading              Lock brands as well as the Midas
full-offer retailers and service        and ABS workshop service brands.
centres providing best-in-class         This segment is comprised of
omni-channel customer                   mostly company-owned flagship
experiences. It consists of             stores in the Autobarn channel,
business units that are retail          with a mix of company-owned and
customer focused, and includes          franchised stores and workshops
the Autobarn, Autopro and Opposite      across the other brands.




New Zealand’s leading integrated        the Truck and Trailer Parts
trade and wholesale group               brand. The Specialist Wholesale
providing parts and equipment           businesses include of HCB –
solutions. Brake & Transmission         batteries, Autolign – steering and
(‘BNT’) is the predominant business     suspension, JAS – auto electrical
supplying automotive parts and          and Precision Equipment NZ –
accessories to workshops, as well       vehicle workshop equipment.
as truck and trailer parts through




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                    09
OUR FOOTPRINT

Our markets are located in
Australia, New Zealand and
Southeast Asia.



Revenue by segment                   Our store footprint
               8%


20%                            36%




          36%

     Trade

     Specialist Wholesale                        WA

     Retail

     NZ
                                               76
                                         17      18          41
Revenue by geography
              8.3%   0.3%




                                      Trade

                                      Specialist Wholesale

                                      Retail

                                      Other (Licensee)

                            91.4%


     Australia

     New Zealand

     Thailand




10
                                                                                               Thailand
      NT

     10                                                                                          6
                                                                                                  6
4      2      4




                                                           QLD

                                                       178
                                                  50       46         82




                                            ACT

                                            8                          NSW

                                                                      181
      SA

     77                            3         2         3
                                                                 58        44        79
17    11     49
                             VIC

                        195                                                               NZ

                                                                                     216
                   63        44        88
                                                                                76        13   127
                                                   TAS

                                                  18
                                             8         1         9




 Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                11
FY23 YEAR IN REVIEW


         REVENUE                               PRO-FORMA NPAT



     2.0B
     $
         Record revenue
                                               125.3M
                                               $
                                               In line with guidance



         DIVIDEND                              RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL



                                               10.4%
         Record



     22.059.6% payout ratio
                                cents per
                                share, fully
                                franked        10.6% in FY22
                                               Improvement from 10.2% in 1H23



         NETWORK EXPANSION                     SAFETY



         31         New
                    locations                  32%              TRIFR
                                                                improvement
                                               Total recordable injury frequency
                                               rate reduced to 13.99



         BETTER THAN BEFORE                    INAUGURAL EMISSIONS
         Target of at least                    REDUCTION ROADMAP



     100M                                      40%
                            Net EBIT                              Scope 1 &
     $                      discrete
                            contribution
                                                                  2 emissions
                                                                  reduction
                            in FY25                               by FY30
         Goal to improve average ROIC          50% scope 1 & 2 emissions
         to >12% for FY23 – FY25               reduction by FY33
         Improve team member engagement

12
                Perform

        Resilient operational            Network and Supply               Ongoing focus on
        performance                      Chain capability further         capital efficiency
                                         enhanced
          Revenue growth in all                                             Significant reduction
          segments demonstrated            31 new locations                 in inventory levels by
          the resilience of Bapcor’s       comprised of 21 new stores,      accelerating inventory turns
          diversified business model       3 acquisitions in the truck
                                           and commercial vehicle           Improved cash generation
          Operating margins lifted         businesses and 7 retail          with FY23 cash conversion
          in all Trade and Wholesale       franchise conversions            of 107.4% versus 63.6%
          segments in 2H23 versus                                           in FY22
          1H23, while Retail faced         Improved distribution
          headwinds due to                 supply rates from the            Improved net debt position
          macro-economic factors           Victoria Distribution Centre     and strong balance sheet

          Temporary margin pressure        Construction of the
          due to input cost inflation,     Queensland Distribution
          capability build and higher      Centre building achieved
          interest costs                   practical completion.




                Transform

        Bapcor Purpose:                  Continued investment             Launch of Better than
        “Be there for what               in capability and culture        Before transformation
        matters most”                                                     program
                                           Refresh of Group
        	Launched after extensive          Leadership team completed      	Launch of strategic,
         stakeholder engagement                                            multi-year transformation
         with team members,              	Unifying businesses and          with the program now
         customers and                    brands under “One Bapcor”        in implementation and
         shareholders                                                      execution phase
                                           Investment in safety,
          Becoming a purpose-led           transformation,                  Making it easier for our
          organisation creates more        procurement and                  team members, unleashing
          trust and loyalty with           ESG capability                   Bapcor’s full potential and
          customers, a better place                                         enabling additional growth
          to work and sustainable
          success                                                           Targeted outcomes achieved
                                                                            on pilot initiatives in FY23
                                                                            and initial financial benefits
                                                                            expected in FY24




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                    13
CHAIR’S
REPORT    Dear shareholders, and all stakeholders of Bapcor,
          On behalf of the Board I am pleased to report that FY23 has
          been another successful year for Bapcor. Bapcor delivered
          on its targets, with a dual focus on improving operational
          performance whilst undertaking the multi-year Better
          than Before strategic transformation.
          The commitment of our team resulted in record revenues and
          solid underlying earnings. This robust operational and financial
          performance demonstrates the resilience of our business and
          the strong fundamentals of the automotive aftermarket industry,
          despite a more challenging macroeconomic environment
          of rising inflation and increasing interest rates.
          In light of the successful FY23 performance, the Board has
          declared a final fully franked dividend of 11.5 cents per share,
          taking the full year dividend to a record level of 22.0 cents
          per share. This represents a 2.3% increase on the prior year
          and a dividend payout ratio of 59.6%.




14
Board succession
During the year the Board appointed Bapcor’s Chief                       Using the 2023 baseline,
Executive Officer Noel Meehan as Managing Director,
and welcomed two independent, Non-Executive Directors,                   Bapcor has adopted targets
Brad Soller and Kate Spargo to the Board. Brad is a highly               to reduce our emissions by 40%
experienced executive, having held various Chief Financial
Officer positions with public companies in Australia and the             by 2030 and by 50% by 2033.
United Kingdom. He has been appointed as Chair of the Audit
and Risk Committee. Kate is an experienced public company
director with broad business and legal expertise, and has
become a member of Bapcor’s Nominations, Remuneration
and ESG Committee. On 22 August 2023 we announced the
appointment of Rebecca Dee-Bradbury as a Non-Executive
Director. Rebecca has significant experience in leading
organisational transformation and integration, marketing,
digitisation and innovation. All new directors bring a wealth   Environment, Social and Governance (ESG)
of expertise and experience to the Board to support Bapcor
                                                                ESG represents the foundation of our commitment
in its next phase of performance and growth.
                                                                to driving a long‑term sustainable future, which
Non-Executive Directors Therese Ryan and Jenny                  encompasses environmental stewardship, social
Macdonald retired during FY23 and I would like to               responsibility, and effective governance. Bapcor has made
thank them both for their significant contributions             significant progress across all areas of our ESG strategy
and commitment to the Board over their tenure.                  and delivered on the objectives and initiatives outlined
                                                                in the 2022 report. A highlight was the comprehensive
                                                                assessment of the carbon footprint across all our locations
Better than Before                                              in Australia, New Zealand and Thailand. Using the 2023
                                                                baseline footprint, Bapcor has adopted targets to reduce
During the year, Bapcor launched its multi-year                 our emissions by 40% by 2030 and by 50% by 2033, driven
transformation program called Better than Before.               by a renewable energy procurement strategy across our
The program is an ambitious undertaking to transform            property portfolio and the decarbonisation of our fleet.
our business from a good business into a much better            Significant progress was also made across all areas
business. I am delighted how the business has embraced          of Bapcor’s ESG Strategy, including human rights and
this significant program of work, which is targeted to          modern slavery, ethical procurement, waste management,
achieve a step change in Bapcor’s operational and financial     sustainable packaging, diversity and inclusion, and
performance with higher returns for shareholders and            community engagement.
improved employee engagement. A company-wide Better
than Before incentive plan has been implemented to align        The 2023 ESG report can be found on page 22.
all team members to the delivery of the program which
will benefit our team members, customers, and
shareholders. Further details on the Better than Before         Thanks
incentive program can be found in the Remuneration
                                                                On behalf of my fellow Board members, I would like
Report commencing on page 58.
                                                                to thank the entire Bapcor team for their commitment
                                                                and dedication to continue to deliver strong results and
                                                                transform the business. I would also like to thank our
Safety and wellbeing                                            shareholders, customers, suppliers and franchisees
The safety and wellbeing of team members remains of             for your ongoing support.
paramount importance for Bapcor. During the year Bapcor
continued to increase the investment into safety resources
which enabled a focus on training and education, a more
proactive engagement towards safety and improvements
in the quality of data and reporting. Pleasingly, our safety
performance has significantly improved with a 32%
                                                                Margaret Haseltine
reduction in Bapcor’s Total Recordable Injury Frequency
                                                                Chair
Rate to 13.99 and a 29% reduction in our Lost Term Injury
Frequency Rate to 5.13. Despite these improvements, we
still have more work to do to keep our team members safe.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                  15
MANAGING DIRECTOR AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER‘S
REPORT
                Dear shareholders, and all stakeholders,
                As Margie has commented, FY23 has been another successful
                year for Bapcor. Bapcor’s ability to perform and transform is
                a testament to the strength, collaboration and perseverance
                of our talented team members. Our team – supported by our
                suppliers, franchisees and customers – are critical to our
                success and I want to thank them for their contribution to
                Bapcor in FY2023.




16
Group leadership team                                              deliver even more for our customers and drive additional
                                                                   value for shareholders.
Bapcor continued to strengthen its Group Leadership
team this year with the appointment of Merryl Dooley as            BTB currently comprises of around 300 initiatives with
Chief People and Culture Officer. Merryl is an experienced         a targeted goal of contributing at least $100M in Net
strategic executive who has held Chief People Officer (CPO)        EBIT in FY25 and enhancing Bapcor’s average Return
roles at Decjuba and Tabcorp Holdings Limited.                     on Invested Capital to greater than 12% by FY25, as well
                                                                   as improving our team member engagement.
We also welcomed Kristoff Keele as Chief Strategy and
Transformation Officer, an experienced commercial leader
who brings to Bapcor deep experience leading strategy              Our Purpose
development and execution of large-scale transformation
projects. Kristoff was the Head of the Melbourne Office            As we exited FY23, Bapcor introduced its Purpose –
for ANZ’s Corporate Advisory practice and prior to that,           “Be there for what matters most”.
EGM Transformation, Strategy and M&A at Toll Group.                The purpose was launched following engagement with over
Further, Tracey Wright joined the team as Executive General        1,200 stakeholders, including team members, investors and
Manager – Specialist Networks. Previously, Tracey was the          customers. Bapcor’s purpose will further unify our team
CEO of Club Assist, an organisation owned by a consortium          members, and drive performance and additional, sustainable
of the Motoring Clubs of Australia that specialises in providing   growth and lead us to being a purpose-led organisation.
batteries for emergency roadside assistance, retail and
wholesale channels.
                                                                   Looking forward
                                                                   Bapcor’s priority is to continue to perform operationally,
Operational performance                                            as well as executing on the Better than Before transformation
Bapcor achieved record revenues in FY23, with                      program. For FY24, Bapcor expects a solid underlying
top-line growth and own brand sales improvements                   performance, subject to market conditions, and for the
across every business segment, with highlights                     Better than Before program to deliver its, previously
of the FY23 performance being:                                     disclosed targeted FY24 goals. This outlook is based on
                                                                   solid demand in the Trade and NZ segments, albeit with
› Over $2.0 billion in revenue, up 9.7% with                       a return to more normalised longer-term growth rates,
   growth in all segments.                                         as well as growth and consolidation opportunities in the
› Significant reduction in our inventory,                          Specialist Wholesale segment, particularly in the Truck
   on a like for like basis by around $50 million.                 market. The Retail segment is expected to face ongoing
                                                                   challenging market conditions and a more uncertain trading
› Delivered $125.3 million Pro Forma NPAT,                         environment. Across Bapcor macroeconomic headwinds are
   in line with guidance.                                          expected due to ongoing temporary margin pressures from
› Improved the strength of our balance sheet,                      cost inflation and other external factors such as increasing
                                                                   payroll taxes, the investment in capability, depreciation and
   with positive cash generation and debt reduction.
                                                                   amortisation costs and higher interest.
› An improved safety performance, delivering
   a 32% decrease of the injury frequency rate.
                                                                   Thanks
These results were supported with two new stores
in Trade, 11 new stores in Specialist Wholesale,                   Our team members continue to be the heart and soul
16 additional company owned stores in Retail and two               of Bapcor. On behalf of Bapcor’s Board and the Group
additional stores in New Zealand. We also continued                Leadership team, I would like to sincerely thank all of
to improve our distribution supply rates from the                  them and their families for their ongoing commitment and
Distribution Centre in Victoria (DCV) and achieved                 support as we continue to perform and transform in FY24.
practical completion of the construction of the new
Distribution Centre in Queensland.


Bapcor’s transformation
Bapcor announced its strategic transformation, Better
Than Before (BTB) in November 2022, with the intent of             Noel Meehan
transforming a good business into an excellent business.           Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
BTB is a multi‑phase transformation to further optimise
Bapcor’s potential and unleash the power of our people,




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                     17
BOARD OF
DIRECTORS



     Margaret Haseltine                   Noel Meehan                        Mark Bernhard
     Independent Non-executive            Managing Director &                Independent Non-executive
     Chair                                Chief Executive Officer            Director
     BA, GradDipTchg(Sec), FAICD          BSc Hons, MAICD, FCPA, AMP (HBS)   BBus (Acc), GAICD, MBA




     Mark Powell                          Brad Soller                        Kathryn Spargo
     Independent Non-executive            Independent Non-executive          Independent Non-executive
     Director                             Director                           Director
     BSc (Hons), MSc, MBA, BApp. Theol,   B.Com, B.Acc, M.Com, CA (SA)       LLB (Hons), BA, FAICD
     MA (Hons), GAICD, CMInstD (NZ)




                                          James Todd
                                          Independent Non-executive
                                          Director
                                                                             Refer to page 54
                                          BCom, LLB, MAICD, F FIN            for biography details




18
MANAGEMENT
TEAM
                    Noel Meehan                   Noel joined Bapcor in June 2020 as Chief Financial Officer, was
                                                  appointed as Chief Executive Officer on 8 February 2022, and
                    Managing Director &           Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer on 1 September 2022.
                    Chief Executive Officer
                                                  Noel brings over 30 years’ of executive leadership experience, both
                    BSc Hons, MAICD,              in Australia and internationally, across the logistics and transport,
                    FCPA, AMP (HBS)
                                                  mining services and winemaking industries. Prior to joining Bapcor,
                                                  Noel has held the office of Chief Financial Officer at Toll Group,
                                                  Treasury Wine Estates Limited and Orica Limited.
                                                  Noel is a non-executive director of Tye Soon Limited (SGX:BFU),
                                                  a listed Singapore company in which Bapcor owns 25%.




                    Stefan Camphausen             Stefan joined Bapcor in July 2022 as Chief Financial Officer.

                    Chief Financial Officer       Stefan has more than 20 years’ experience in Executive Finance
                                                  roles across Asia Pacific, Europe and the Americas. Prior to joining
                    MBA, BA
                                                  Bapcor, Stefan held various other Chief Financial Officer positions,
                                                  including at ASX-listed CIMIC Group and leading Asian-Pacific
                                                  contracting service providers CPB Contractors and Thiess.




                    Steve Drummy                  Steve joined Bapcor in February 2019 as Executive General
                                                  Manager – SWG Engine Management (now part of the Specialist
                    Executive General             Wholesale segment) and was appointed Executive General
                    Manager – Bapcor Trade        Manager – Bapcor Trade in March 2021.
                    BBus(Acc), MBA, FCPA, GAICD   Steve has over 25 years’ experience in the manufacturing,
                                                  pharmaceutical, industrial, wholesale, retail and health sectors.
                                                  Prior to joining Bapcor, Steve held EGM and CFO roles in businesses
                                                  including Australian Unity, Sonepar, Hagemeyer, Blackwood’s
                                                  and News Limited.




                    Craig Magill                  Craig joined Bapcor in February 2012 as a General Manger in
                                                  Burson Auto Parts, transitioning to Lead Burson in 2014 and has
                    Executive General             held several senior/executive roles at Bapcor. Craig was appointed
                    Manager – Bapcor              Executive General Manager – Bapcor Specialist Wholesale in
                    Specialist Wholesale          April 2021.
                    MC-ENT, GradDip Mgmt          Craig has had an extensive career in the automotive aftermarket
                                                  industry spanning more than 25 years. Starting as a management
                                                  cadet and working through most of the key operational and sales
                                                  positions in aftermarket parts distributors. Prior to joining Bapcor,
                                                  Craig was the General Manager of RAC’S (WA) automotive
                                                  workshops, which was preceded by many years at Repco.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                 19
Management Team CONTINUED




               Tracey Wright             Tracey joined Bapcor in April 2023 in the new role of Executive
                                         General Manger – Specialist Networks.
               Executive General
               Manager – Bapcor          Tracey has more than 20 years’ executive experience growing
               Specialist Networks       and transforming businesses and leading cultural change, both
                                         nationally and internationally. Prior to joining Bapcor, Tracey was
               BB (Marketing & HRM)      the CEO of Club Assist, an organisation owned by a consortium of
                                         the Motoring Clubs of Australia that specialises in providing
                                         batteries to the automotive aftermarket for emergency roadside
                                         assistance, retail and wholesale channels. Tracey has worked in
                                         the renewable energy, FMCG, financial services and marketing/
                                         advertising sectors.




               Tim Cockayne              Tim joined Bapcor in April 2019 as Executive General Manager –
                                         Bapcor Retail.
               Executive General
               Manager – Bapcor Retail   Tim has over 30 years of retail experience working across various
                                         sectors within specialty and big box retail. Tim has held senior roles
               MBA, GAICD                for a number of national retail businesses including the Prouds
                                         Jewellery Group and Total Tools Pty Ltd. Prior to joining Bapcor,
                                         Tim was CEO of the Total Tools franchise business where he
                                         undertook a massive growth program.




               Martin Storey             Martin joined BNT in September 2016 as BNT Group General
                                         Manager, and was promoted to Executive General Manager –
               Executive General         Bapcor New Zealand in September 2018 to lead our New
               Manager – Bapcor          Zealand businesses.
               New Zealand
                                         Martin has over 30 years experience in sales and management
                                         roles in distribution and building industries both in New Zealand
                                         and internationally. Prior to joining Bapcor, Martin spent over
                                         15 years at Fletcher Building, holding several senior sales and
                                         general management positions.




               Abdul Jaafar              Abdul joined Bapcor in March 2022 as Executive General Manager –
                                         Supply Chain.
               Executive General
               Manager – Supply Chain    Abdul has over 20 years’ experience driving operational excellence
                                         and innovation within supply chains in Europe and Asia-Pacific,
               BCS, BSE, MBA             fostering strategic partnerships and leading high-performing teams.
                                         Prior to joining Bapcor, Abdul held roles at organisations including
                                         Fantastic Furniture, Greenlit Brands, Steinhoff International and
                                         Allied Express.




20
                    Merryl Dooley                  Merryl joined Bapcor in October 2022 as Chief People and
                                                   Culture Officer.
                    Chief People and
                    Culture Officer                Merryl is an experienced executive who has held Chief People
                                                   Officer (CPO) roles for over 10 years across entertainment, retail
                    BA, MBA                        and fashion. Prior to joining Bapcor, Merryl was Chief People and
                                                   Sustainability Officer at Decjuba and prior to that was the CPO at
                                                   Tabcorp Holdings Limited for over 10 years where she had
                                                   accountability for People, Culture, Safety and Communications.




                    Kristoff Keele                 Kristoff joined Bapcor in February 2023 as Chief Strategy and
                                                   Transformation Officer.
                    Chief Strategy and
                    Transformation Officer         Kristoff has 20 years of experience as a commercial leader and
                                                   brings to Bapcor deep experience leading strategy development
                    BBusSys                        and execution of large-scale transformation projects. Through
                                                   various roles internationally in private equity, advisory and corporate
                                                   development, Kristoff also has extensive experience in M&A and
                                                   global capital markets. Prior to joining Bapcor, Kristoff was the Head
                                                   of the Melbourne Office for ANZ’s Corporate Advisory practice and
                                                   prior to that was the EGM Transformation, Strategy and M&A at
                                                   Toll Group where he led the execution of Toll Group’s strategy and
                                                   transformation program.



                    Morris Lieberman               Morris joined Bapcor in April 2022 as Chief Technology Officer and
                                                   is responsible for Information Technology, Digital and Cybersecurity
                    Chief Technology Officer       across the Bapcor Group.
                    BBus (Acc), CPA, GAICD, MACS
                                                   Prior to joining Bapcor, Morris had a successful career in Australia,
                                                   Germany and Singapore as Transformation Director and Global CIO
                                                   at Nufarm, Direct to Consumer Director & CIO at Treasury Wine
                                                   Estates as well as executive roles in Shell, Cadbury Schweppes
                                                   and Fosters.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                               21
OUR                                                       For Bapcor, ESG represents the foundation

APPROACH                                                  of our commitment to driving a long-term
                                                          sustainable future, which encompasses
                                                          environmental stewardship, social responsibility,

TO ESG                                                    and effective governance. Our purpose is guiding
                                                          our approach to ESG, which in our day-to-day
                                                          behaviours is underpinned by our values.




                                       BAPCOR PURPOSE
                                 BE THERE FOR WHAT MATTERS MOST




      We do the right thing...       We are in it together...         We give a damn...           We get it done...




      Ethical Supply Chain              Environmental                Good Governance           Positively Impacting
         & Procurement                  Sustainability               & Supporting And           Our Communities
                                                                 Developing Team Members

     › Human Rights and             › Net-Zero Emissions          › Health, Safety and        › Community
       Modern Slavery                                               Wellbeing                   Engagement
                                    › Waste Management
     › Ethical Supply Chain                                       › Culture and               › Fair Tax
                                    › Packaging and
                                                                    Development                 Contributions
     › Ethical Procurement            Circularity
                                                                  › Diversity and Inclusion
                                                                  › Privacy Protection




Contents
Area of Focus: Ethical Supply Chain & Procurement                                   24

Area of Focus: Environmental Sustainability                                         27

Area of Focus: Good Governance & Supporting and Developing Team Members             37

Area of Focus: Positively Impacting our Communities                                 42



22
In FY23, Bapcor has made significant progress in further    Bapcor demonstrates its strong commitment to
evolving its ESG strategy, as well as implementing the      ESG principles by effectively governing its ESG policies
strategy in our operations. While positive outcomes have    and initiatives through its Nomination, Remuneration
been achieved across all our key areas of focus, we         and Environmental, Social, and Governance Committee
recognise that there is room for continual improvements     (NRESGC). The NRESGC oversees ESG and climate-related
as we move forward. In our 2023 ESG Report, we have         risk matters and provides updates to the Board on a regular
reported with reference to both the UN Sustainable          basis, ensuring robust governance and transparency in our
Development Goals as well as the GRI Standards (2021),      ESG endeavours. As part of our continuous improvement,
providing a solid foundation for our reporting practices,   Bapcor is actively integrating climate-related risk into its
and we aim to further enhance our reporting capabilities    Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) processes, further
in accordance with applicable standards in the upcoming     strengthening our approach to addressing environmental
years. Bapcor’s 2023 ESG Report is informed by the key      challenges and fostering responsible corporate practices.
areas of focus of our ESG strategy and a desktop review     Through the NRESGC’s oversight, we are steadfast in our
of the most material topics for Bapcor’s sector according   commitment to ESG and climate risk management, ensuring
to selected ESG ratings, with a formal materiality          that sustainability is embedded into our strategic decisions
assessment to be conducted going forward.                   and operations.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                             23
AREA OF FOCUS:
ETHICAL SUPPLY CHAIN
& PROCUREMENT



For Bapcor, maintaining ethical and efficient practices across
the value chain reflects how our core values are embedded
within our organisation, rather than a matter of mere
compliance. By upholding ethical practices, Bapcor ensures
the integrity of our products, builds trust with stakeholders,
and contributes to a more responsible automotive
aftermarket industry.




                                                                                        SDG         GRI
  Key Topic          Objective/Initiative       FY22       FY23          Target         Alignment   Alignment
 100% keyline .5

                     Publish Modern Slavery                              Ongoing                    414-1
                     Statement


  Human Rights and
  Modern Slavery     An active Modern Slavery                            Ongoing
                     Working Group



                     Participate in UN Global                            Ongoing
                     Compact


  Ethical Supply
  Chain and          Develop and implement      AAAA       126           Actively
  Procurement        ESG-risk based             modern     suppliers     increase #
                     procurement process        slavery    commenced     of suppliers
                                                portal     onboarding,   onboarded
                                                launched   of which 70
                                                           completed




24
100% keyline .5


               Human Rights and                                        Ethical Supply Chain
                Modern Slavery                                           and Procurement

 WHAT does this mean to us?                                     WHAT does this mean to us?
 Bapcor recognises the importance of upholding human            For Bapcor, ethical supply chain and procurement means
 rights and actively opposes modern slavery in all its forms.   ensuring the efficient and responsible distribution and
 To this end, we are committed to building improvements into    delivery of our products. Bapcor focuses on building strong
 our processes and sourcing practices that better identify      relationships with suppliers, promoting ethical practices,
 and mitigate modern slavery risks. We expect the same of       and maintaining a robust and reliable supply chain network.
 all team members, contractors, and suppliers of products       By effectively managing the supply chain, Bapcor can
 and/or services to Bapcor.                                     provide high-quality products to our customers while
                                                                minimising risks and maintaining a competitive advantage.

 HOW are we managing it?
                                                                HOW are we managing it?
 Bapcor has a Human Rights Policy which sets out clear
 expectations and guidelines to uphold human rights in both     To ensure that Bapcor and our supply partners are
 our business operations and across our supply chain.           committed to conducting domestic and international
 Bapcor publishes an annual Modern Slavery Statement            business to our standard of integrity, Bapcor has in place an
 prepared in accordance with the Modern Slavery Act 2018        Ethical Supply Chain & Procurement (ESC/P) Policy which
 (Cth) and is an active participant in the UN Global Compact.   sets Bapcor’s expectations on suppliers’ compliance with
                                                                laws, environmental sustainability, health and safety, and
 Bapcor is a founding member of the Australian Automotive       labour practices. In FY23, we updated our supplier service
 Aftermarket Association (AAAA) Modern Slavery                  agreements and tender requirements to embed our
 Consortium. This forum has established an industry-led         commitment to sustainability including ESG-related
 approach for the development of a comprehensive and            prequalification measures on emissions, sustainable
 fit-for-purpose supplier Self-Assessment Questionnaire         packaging, human rights and SAQ completion.
 (SAQ) platform – encouraging transparency and
 accountability. In FY23, we focused on onboarding key
 strategic suppliers onto the platform, which resulted in
 126 suppliers commencing the onboarding process, of which
 70 suppliers completed the SAQ. Key strategic suppliers
 that completed self-assessments in FY23 are estimated
 to represent approximately 20% of average annualised
 total supplier volumes, and the SAQs will aid in better
 understanding our suppliers, identifying risk, and aligning
 them with our ethical requirements.
 In FY23, education and training has been another key
 focus. Bapcor hosted modern slavery training sessions
 for our top 100 leaders to increase the knowledge base
 around modern slavery and ensure a mutual understanding
 of how Bapcor is approaching the topic of human rights
 due diligence. We also introduced a modern slavery
 online training module more broadly across the
 organisation to better equip Bapcor team members
 with the knowledge and tools required for identifying
 modern slavery risks.




 Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                 25
CASE
STUDY
            DISTRIBUTION CENTRE QUEENSLAND
In line with Bapcor’s supply chain strategy, in March   generating cost efficiencies, sustainability wins
this year a new state-of-the-art distribution centre    and bolstering our competitive edge. The investment
was officially opened in Redbank, Queensland,           in this new distribution centre reaffirms Bapcor’s
reflecting our commitment to continually enhance        dedication to continuously elevate our supply
supply chain efficiencies and operational excellence.   chain capabilities, further solidifying our position
By centralising Bapcor’s storage and supply of          as a leader in the automotive aftermarket industry.
goods, we are poised to achieve significant             In line with our ESG commitments, our
advantages in terms of streamlined operations,          new facility specifically focused on including
improved inventory management, and optimised            environmentally friendly features such as a
logistics. This centralisation will lead to reduced     1.8-megawatt solar panel system, 6 charging
lead times, better coordination between our brands,     units for 12 electric vehicles and rainwater
and enhanced customer service levels; ultimately        harvesting storage capabilities.




26
AREA OF FOCUS:
ENVIRONMENTAL
SUSTAINABILITY

Environmental sustainability is a fundamental              We strive to minimise our environmental footprint by
                                                           implementing sustainable practices throughout our
priority for Bapcor. We recognise that climate             operations, and as a key step in this pursuit. In FY23
change and sustainability are a challenge                  Bapcor has established our current baseline GHG
for society as a whole, and we support the                 emissions, which has allowed us to set greenhouse
transition to a low-carbon economy.                        gas (GHG) emissions reduction targets, in-line with
                                                           our existing net-zero carbon ambition.




                                                                                              SDG           GRI
 Key Topic      Objective/Initiative       FY22            FY23             Target            Alignment     Alignment
                Reduce Scope 1 and         Net Zero        Roadmap          40% Reduction                   305-1
                Scope 2 emissions          Emission        with specific    by FY30
                in-line with targets       ambition        targets                                          305-2
                                           established     established      50% Reduction
                                                                            by FY33                         305-3
 Net-Zero
 Emissions

                Perform annual             FY22 not        28,061 tn        Ongoing
                emissions assessment       measured
                for Scope 1 and 2          like-for-like

                Increase renewable         –               Preliminary      Finalise
                electricity utilisation                    assessment       renewable
                                                           completed        energy
                                                                            strategy

                Assess and improve         FY22 not        5,861 tn waste   Mid-term                        306-3
                waste management           measured        generated        improvements
                processes and increase     like-for-like   (~80% of AU                                      306-4
                levels of waste diverted                   and NZ sites)
 Waste          from landfill
 Management                                                47.2% diverted
                                                           from landfill
                                                           (AU only)

                Review and report on       –               Inaugural        Ongoing
                packaging in-line with                     APCO Report
                Australian Packaging                       and Action
                Covenant Organisation                      Plan filed
 Packaging      (APCO)
 and
 Circularity




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                               27
AREA OF FOCUS: ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY CONTINUED




         Net-Zero Emissions

WHAT this means to Bapcor?                                               across our operations in Australia, New Zealand and
                                                                         Thailand, encompassing our business segments of
Bapcor recognises the importance of reducing GHG                         Trade, Specialist Wholesale, Retail and New Zealand.
emissions and takes responsibility for its contribution to the           Several improvements have been integrated into this
collective efforts required to combat the impacts of climate             year’s foot printing methodology, including improved
change. We are committed to monitoring and managing                      capture of Bapcor’s operating sites and fleet data,
emissions across our operations, with a primary focus on                 as well as greater alignment with best practice emissions
scope 1 and 2 emissions in the short-term. We appreciate                 accounting methodologies, such as the GHG Protocol1
the relevance of continuing to implement energy efficiency               and Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi)2.
solutions, supported by instruments such as renewable                    These improvements reflect our commitment to
energy certificates as appropriate, and practices across                 accuracy and transparency in measuring our
the business through energy saving technologies and                      environmental impact, and while we also show the
behaviour change and we are committed to increasing                      estimates from our FY22 reports in the below table, this
the share of renewables in our energy mix.                               is therefore not an appropriate like-for-like comparator.
                                                                         In-line with our environmental commitments, we are
HOW are we managing it?                                                  also committed to measuring and reducing our scope 3
                                                                         emissions in pursuit of a net-zero future. While Bapcor
To manage and reduce our GHG emissions in line with best                 recognises the complexity of our value chain and the
practice and science-based targets, Bapcor has developed                 resulting challenges in capturing accurate scope 3
a robust GHG emissions baseline to ensure transparency                   emissions data, we are striving to improve our data
of relevant emissions sources.                                           capture and quality to align with best practice methodology.
After capturing an initial estimate of Bapcor’s Australian               Over time, this ongoing effort will ensure we have robust
scope 1 and 2 emissions footprint in FY22, this work                     data around our scope 3 emissions sources, enabling
was expanded in FY23 to now measure Bapcor’s scope 1                     us to develop a comprehensive and informed approach
and scope 2 emissions globally. Our global operations                    towards scope 3 emissions reductions.
comprise approximately 600 company managed locations



GHG emissions – FY22 and FY23 comparison

 Emissions                   FY2022                   FY2023           Key Reporting
 Scope3                      (tco2e)4                 (tco2e)          Improvements
 Scope 14                    9,394                    14,250           › Primarily fuel emissions related to operating our fleet
                                                                           of c. 2,000 vehicles.
                                                                       › Inclusion of New Zealand and Thailand.
                                                                       › Inclusion of fugitive emissions.
                                                                       › Improved collection of mobile fuel data from vehicle fleet.
 Scope 2                     –                        13,811           › Primarily electricity emissions related to operating
 (Market-based)                                                            c. 600 company-managed locations.
                                                                       › Calculation of market-based scope 2 emissions in FY23,
                                                                           in-line with best practice.

 Scope 2                     12,671                   14,071           › Primarily electricity emissions related to operating
 (Location-based)                                                          c. 600 company-managed locations.
                                                                       › Inclusion of New Zealand and Thailand.
                                                                       › Improved site list and collection of primary
                                                                           electricity data.
                                                                       › Use of New Zealand specific emission factors.
(1) https://ghgprotocol.org/standards.
(2) https://sciencebasedtargets.org/resources/files/SBTi-criteria.pdf.
(3)	Location-based method: calculates GHG emissions based on the average emissions intensity of grids on which energy consumption occurs.
    Market-based method: reflects GHG emissions from electricity that companies have purposefully chosen (or their lack of choice).
(4) Initial estimate; AU only.



28
                CASE
                STUDY
                             FLEET MANAGEMENT AND CARBON OFFSETTING
                Bapcor is actively pursuing various initiatives to         leveraging technology, enhancing safety, and
                optimise its vehicle fleet operations. The installation    promoting sustainability.
                of telematics in Bapcor’s vehicles will continue in
                                                                           Bapcor has also continued its engagement with
                FY24 and will enable comprehensive operational
                                                                           Greenfleet, purchasing 6,981 credits to offset
                monitoring and facilitate the rollout of a Driver
                                                                           50% of our fleet emissions (compared to 13,963
                Safety program. Moreover, a fleet procurement
                                                                           gross tCO2e). Since 2019, through this partnership
                analysis will allow us to identify opportunities to
                                                                           Bapcor has offset a total of 39,778 tonnes of
                replace aging vehicles with safer and newer models,
                                                                           carbon emissions to fund biodiverse native
                prioritising the acquisition of more sustainable
                                                                           forest restoration projects in Australia.
                vehicles, evidencing Bapcor’s commitment to

                Fleet Emissions
                                      FY22          FY23
                (tCO2e):
                                      9,013*        13,963          * FY22 numbers do not include New Zealand or Thailand, which
                                                                    accounted for 1664tCO2e and 130tCO2e in FY23 respectively.




Scope 1 & 2 emissions – FY22 and FY23 comparison
In our FY23 emissions calculations, we have calculated            Using this FY23 GHG Protocol-aligned data as a baseline,
both market-based and location-based scope 2 emissions as         we have prepared our inaugural carbon roadmap for scope
per the GHG Protocol’s guidelines. Our market-based scope         1 and 2 emissions, resulting in the following science-based
2 emissions highlight the positive impact of the renewable        GHG reduction targets:
electricity we purchased in the first half of 2023 for our
                                                                  › Bapcor commits to reduce scope 1 & 2 emissions
new Distribution Centre Queensland. As we continue to
                                                                     by 40% by FY30, from an FY23 baseline; and
increase procuring renewable electricity for our sites, these
market-based scope 2 emissions will further decrease,             › Bapcor commits to reduce scope 1 & 2 emissions
contributing to our overall emissions reduction efforts.             by 50% by FY33, from an FY23 baseline.
                                                                  Please refer to the ‘Our Decarbonisation Roadmap’
                                                                  deep dive on page 30 for additional information.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                          29
AREA OF FOCUS: ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY CONTINUED




Our Decarbonisation Roadmap                                      GHG emissions
Building on the foundations that we established in FY22,         By reviewing our FY22 GHG footprint, Bapcor gained
our focus for FY23 was to improve the accuracy of our data       valuable insight to guide our approach for FY23. In the
and methodologies and extend the assessment of our GHG           process of extending our coverage to include all our
emissions to include the operations in New Zealand and           operations in Australia, New Zealand, and Thailand, we
Thailand. Based on this global assessment, Bapcor also           have made relevant improvements for data completeness
sought to set decarbonisation targets, aligned with the          with a primary focus on our scope 1 and 2 emissions.
SBTi guidelines, and supported by a roadmap of actions.          These enhancements included improving the alignment
                                                                 with established frameworks such as the GHG Protocol
In line with our commitment to complete an emissions
                                                                 and streamlining our data collection procedures, reducing
reduction roadmap in FY23, the following sections offer
                                                                 redundancy and our reliance on estimations, which have
a deep dive into Bapcor’s decarbonisation journey and
                                                                 improved our data quality and allow for more actionable
key milestones.
                                                                 insights from the data gathered.




The Decarbonisation Roadmap




          GHG                   1                               Setting of              2
        Footprint                                            Decarbonisation
                                                                 Targets
                                    GHG footprint                                           Preliminary
                                    calculation                                             target
                                    and profiling                                           modelling




                                5                            4                          3


                                    Develop reduction            Identify
                                    scenarios to assess          emissions                  Develop “BAU”
                                    target feasibility           reduction levers           (business as usual)




                                6


                                    Finalise
                                    decarbonisation
                                    targets




30
Key emissions insights                                                  Bapcor Scope 1 & 2 emissions by scope
Given that the majority of Bapcor’s operations are based
                                                                         16,000
in Australia, most emissions also originate from our                                       14,250             13,811                  14,071
Australian activities, followed by New Zealand and lastly                14,000                                              12,671
our operations in Thailand. Scope 1 emissions include
                                                                         12,000
Bapcor’s fleet fuel consumption, stationary fuel
consumption as well as a small amount of refrigerant                     10,000    9,394
emissions from air conditioning units, so-called fugitive                  8,000
emissions. Amongst this, Bapcor’s fleet fuel consumption
emerged as the most substantial contributor, accounting for                6,000
49.8% of the total scope 1 and 2 emissions, with the majority              4,000
originating from Bapcor’s largest segment, Trade. Scope 2
emissions from property electricity consumption was the                    2,000
second largest emissions contributor, accounting for 49.2%                    0
of the combined scope 1 and 2 emissions. The scope 1 and 2                           Scope 1             Scope 2                Scope 2
emissions data collated was then used to develop the                                                  (Market-based)        (Location-based)
science-based reduction targets for Bapcor.
                                                                                   FY22 (indicative only, as not measured             FY23
                                                                                   like-for-like)




Emissions reduction pathway modelling                                   as well as current challenges and plans moving forward.
                                                                        Consolidated, this information served as important inputs
With the solid foundations and improvements in FY23                     for the development of the potential scenario pathways to
documenting our GHG emissions and considering the                       achieve our science-based targets.
science-based reduction targets, Bapcor proceeded
towards a high-level assessment of potential reduction                  Various potential reduction scenarios were formulated
levers. These reduction levers focused on the largest                   against a “business-as-usual” baseline, each leveraging on
emissions sources: fleet emissions and property electricity             reducing fleet emissions and property energy consumption
consumption. Key internal stakeholders were engaged to                  to varying degrees, with the aim of establishing possible
gain insights regarding the status of renewables utilisation            approaches to finalising targets:
at Bapcor sites and the adoption of low emissions vehicles,




                                  Key                        Modelling
 No.      Scenario                Features                   Assumptions
 1        Business-as-usual       Inclusion of               › Projections assume 5% annual growth in Bapcor’s activities.
          (BAU)                   grid-greening              › Grid emissions factors decarbonise in line with the World
                                  No other                      Economic Outlook (WEO) stated policy scenario projections5.
                                  changes                    › Emission factors for consumption of refrigerants and combusting
                                                                fuel emissions will not change to 2033.

 2        Science-based           Movement of                › Projections assume 5% annual growth in Bapcor’s activities.
          Target                  sites to renewable         › Grid emissions factors decarbonise in line with the World
          Achievement             energy + pursuit              Economic Outlook (WEO) stated policy scenario projections.
                                  of fleet
                                                             › Emission factors for refrigerants and combusting fuel emissions
                                  decarbonisation
                                                                will not change to 2033.
                                                             › No change to renewable electricity portion for the first two years.
                                                                Afterwards, gradually transition electricity to renewable sources
                                                                at an average rate of 12% per year.
                                                             › No change to the fleet for the first five years, then transition of cars
                                                                and vans to grid powered electric vehicles at a rate of 20% per year.
(5) https://www.iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022.



Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                                      31
AREA OF FOCUS: ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY CONTINUED




Scenario 1: Business as usual

                         40,000
                         35,000




 GHG Emissions (tCO2e)
                         30,000
                         25,000
                         20,000
                         15,000
                         10,000
                          5,000
                             0
                                  FY23   FY24       FY25           FY26      FY27        FY28      FY29       FY30        FY31        FY32   FY33

                                                   Scope 1 fleet             Scope 1 remainder            Scope 2           Targets



Under the business-as-usual (BAU) scenario, emissions                                  emissions is necessary to achieve science aligned targets.
increase significantly between FY23 and FY33 due to the                                This prompted an analysis of the most effective approach
growth assumption applied. It is evident that, beyond the                              to lower Bapcor’s emissions.
impacts of grid decarbonisation, a reduction in GHG



SBT Achievement Scenario – 40% reduction by FY30 and 50% reduction by FY33

                         30,000

                         25,000




 GHG Emissions (tCO2e)
                         20,000

                         15,000

                         10,000

                          5,000

                             0
                                  FY23   FY24       FY25           FY26      FY27        FY28      FY29       FY30        FY31        FY32   FY33

                                          Scope 1 fleet            Scope 1 remainder         Scope 2        Scope 2 EVs          Targets



The two levers involving movement of sites to renewable                                Additionally, there will be a shift to a lower emissions
energy and fleet decarbonisation were assessed                                         fleet. The scenario depicts an initial growth in emissions
individually and in combination, alongside the insights                                due to the business growth assumption and implementation
gained through consultation with key internal stakeholders.                            time required.
The “Science-based Target Achievement” scenario
                                                                                       The development of these scenarios and the assessment
revealed that both levers would be essential, as neither
                                                                                       of reduction levers have enabled us to identify high-level
would likely independently meet Bapcor’s reduction targets.
                                                                                       pathways that will guide us on our emissions reduction
This scenario includes the gradual implementation of
                                                                                       journey. This approach is instrumental in framing the
renewable energy at Bapcor sites, aiming for all sites to be
                                                                                       next steps to effect meaningful change, including the
powered by renewable energy, including onsite generation
                                                                                       implementation of renewable energy solutions at our
and procured renewables as guided by our renewable
                                                                                       sites and the gradual transition of our fleet where
energy strategy, and supported by instruments such
                                                                                       appropriate technology is available and feasible.
as renewable energy certificates as appropriate.




32
Target setting
Based on the solid foundations and improvements in       Transitioning to a net zero future will require close attention
FY23 documenting our GHG emissions and the emissions     to, and monitoring of, our emissions and their impact across
reduction pathway modelling, overall reduction targets   our value chain. As part of this commitment, we will focus
have been set. These targets include Bapcor’s scope 1    on improving our total emissions through enhanced data
and 2 emissions and have been established following      collection systems, working with our supply partners, and
the SBTi requirements, with FY23 as the baseline year:   embracing innovative low carbon technologies.
                                                         Our inaugural decarbonisation roadmap provides Bapcor
                                                         with a solid foundation to progress our ESG commitments.
                                                         Moving forward, we will continue to explore and implement
               Bapcor commits to reduce scope 1          solutions that can accelerate our emissions reduction
               & 2 emissions by 40% by FY30,             strategy and align with our net zero ambition.
               from an FY23 baseline; and
               Bapcor commits to reduce scope 1
               & 2 emissions by 50% by FY33,
               from an FY23 baseline.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                             33
AREA OF FOCUS: ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY CONTINUED




         Waste Management

WHAT does this mean to us?                                      HOW are we managing it?
Bapcor aims to minimise waste generation and promote            During FY23, Bapcor engaged more closely with our
waste management practices that prioritise recycling,           preferred waste management provider. We took action to
reuse, and responsible disposal. By adopting waste              commence consolidating management of waste services
reduction strategies and collaborating with suppliers           by expanding our provider’s mandate to encompass all
and customers, Bapcor strives to minimise the                   Bapcor sites, which will continue in FY24. This included
environmental impact associated with waste related              completing a series of site-specific waste audits, which
to our products and operations.                                 further supported developing segment – and site-specific
                                                                waste management plans.
                                                                In FY23, we also established our first Bapcor-wide baseline
                                                                to measure how much of our waste is diverted from landfill.
                                                                We remain dedicated to continuous improvement and will
                                                                explore innovative waste management solutions to contribute
                                                                to a greener future for our organization and beyond.




CASE
STUDY
            DISTRIBUTION CENTRE VICTORIA (DCV)
In FY23, Bapcor demonstrated its commitment             pillows to a paper void fill method and replacing
to enhancing waste management practices with            all unrecyclable black pallet wrapping to a natural
a particular focus on the Distribution Centre in        wrapping. A pallet repair station was also set up
Victoria (DCV). These efforts included the              this year, and for pallets that cannot be repaired
introduction of a new cardboard compactor,              these are now stacked into a semi-trailer and
improved waste station set-ups with detailed            collected by a specialist provider to be turned into
signage, and improvements to our induction and          recycled timber packaging or landscaping mulch.
weekly training content. We continue to work on         Valuable insights gained from the DCV’s waste
streamlining the number and timing of collections       management initiatives have proven instrumental
and have increased efforts with our segregation of      in establishing our practices at the Distribution
soft plastics. Other important sustainability           Centre Queensland.
measures include exchanging plastic ‘airfil’




34
        Packaging and Circularity

WHAT does this mean to us?
Bapcor acknowledges the importance of sustainable
                                                                 CASE
                                                                 STUDY
packaging and circularity in reducing waste and conserving
resources. We are exploring updated packaging solutions
                                                                             RACEWORKS
that are recyclable, reusable, or made from sustainable
materials. Bapcor also encourages the adoption of circular
                                                                             PILOT PROGRAM
economy principles, aiming to extend product lifecycles,
promote repair and remanufacturing, and reduce overall           Bapcor has partnered with an external
resource consumption.                                            packaging design agency to support the
                                                                 development and implementation of
                                                                 sustainable packaging processes across
HOW are we managing it?                                          the business. A project requiring new retail
                                                                 packaging solutions for our Raceworks brand
In FY23, Bapcor established a Sustainable Packaging              was used as a pilot to test the new process
Working Group (SPWG). Through this forum, we have                and tools in a live environment. Following an
developed an overarching Sustainable Packaging Strategy          audit of current packaging formats across
that includes goals and targets which align with APCO’s          the Raceworks portfolio, we identified sample
Sustainable Packaging Guidelines.                                products for the new development process.
                                                                 These products were taken through ideation
The SPWG is also tasked with overseeing the design and
                                                                 and concept development stages whereby
development of a master product list, developing packaging
                                                                 a range of packaging concepts were designed
compliance documentation for use with our packaging
                                                                 using less material, mono-layer components
suppliers and developing a Packaging Recyclability
                                                                 and new print strategies to achieve
Evaluation Portal (PREP) training program and PREP
                                                                 sustainability compliance, optimise the
usage guidelines.
                                                                 supply chain and improve retail performance.
Bapcor has initiated its plans to phase out problematic and      The final concepts were prototyped, and
unnecessary single-use plastic items, i.e. lightweight plastic   indicative specifications shared with our
shopping bags and rigid polyvinyl chloride (PVC) packaging,      packaging suppliers. The new Raceworks
with non-woven reusable shopping bags becoming the only          packaging will wear Australian Recycling
choice available.                                                Labels (ARLs).
During FY23 we also released our inaugural Australian
Packaging Covenant Organisation (APCO) Annual Report
and Action Plan for the FY22 reporting period demonstrating
our commitment to a circular economy for packaging.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                    35
CASE
STUDY
            BATTERIES
In FY23 Bapcor achieved a significant milestone by      solution. This program ensures the responsible
selling over 500,000 batteries across all business      collection and recycling of lead acid batteries.
units. Notably, over 90% of these batteries were        Remarkably, 97% of each battery will be recycled
purchased to replace failed ones. Since failed          into valuable resources such as lead ingots,
automotive batteries are fully recyclable and in-line   polypropylene pallets, and sodium sulphate
with our commitment to sustainability, Bapcor has       crystals. By actively engaging in battery recycling
established the industry-leading Used Lead Acid         through this partnership, Bapcor aims to drive a
Battery (ULAB) recycling and collection program,        positive environmental impact through programs
which has received accreditation for its nation-wide    it can actively control.




36
AREA OF FOCUS:
GOOD GOVERNANCE & SUPPORTING
AND DEVELOPING TEAM MEMBERS

Supporting and developing our team members              By nurturing our team members, we foster a culture
                                                        of collaboration, engagement, and continuous learning,
is a priority at Bapcor. We are dedicated               which drives our collective success.
to living our values and creating a safe,
                                                        Our team member engagement is embedded in a
engaging, and inclusive work environment                commitment to strong corporate governance practices
where team members can thrive personally                to ensure transparency, accountability, and ethical
and professionally. We invest in their growth           conduct. The company adheres to relevant laws,
through training, mentoring, and providing              regulations, and industry standards and regularly reviews
                                                        its governance framework. Bapcor values integrity, honesty,
opportunities for advancement.                          and responsible decision-making in all aspects of its
                                                        operations, fostering trust among our stakeholders.




                                                                                         SDG           GRI
 Key Topic      Objective/Initiative     FY22           FY23            Target           Alignment     Alignment
                Continue to invest in    20.58 TRIFR    13.99 TRIFR     Further                        403-9
                and develop safety       7.18 LTIFR     5.13 LTIFR      Improvement
                processes, systems,                                     in FY24
                and education to
 Health,        reduce TRIFR
 Safety and
 Wellbeing




                Achieve a positive and   3rd quartile   4th quartile    2nd Quartile
                open culture and a 2nd                                  by FY25
                quartile employee
                engagement score
 Culture and    (utilising the
 Development    Organisational Health
                Index, or OHI, tool)

                Reduce total turnover    39.3%          39.0%           Further
                across the Group                                        Improvement
                                                                        in FY24




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                          37
AREA OF FOCUS: GOOD GOVERNANCE & SUPPORTING AND DEVELOPING TEAM MEMBERS CONTINUED




                                                                                            SDG         GRI
     Key Topic       Objective/Initiative      FY22             FY23             Target     Alignment   Alignment
                     Maintain an active                                          Ongoing                405-1
                     Diversity and Inclusion
                     Working Group

     Diversity and
                     Maintain a women’s                                          Ongoing
     Inclusion
                     mentoring program


                     Launch inclusive          –                –                FY24
                     leadership training
                     for senior leaders
                     and managers

                     Implement initiatives     26% Female       28% Female       35% FY26
                     to improve gender, age,   Team             Team
                     ethnicity, and ability    Members          Members
                     diversity across the
                     Bapcor Group              29% New          32% New          50% FY26
                                               Female           Female
                                               Hires            Hires
                                               24% Female       27% Female       35% FY26
                                               Internal         Internal
                                               Promotions       Promotions
                                               15% Female       16% Female       35% FY26
                                               People           People
                                               Leaders          Leaders
                                               17% GLT and      30% GLT and      35% FY26
                                               Direct reports   Direct reports

                     Ensure privacy for        0 Recorded       0 Recorded       Ongoing
                     personal information      Data Breaches    Data Breaches


     Privacy
     Protection




38
        Health, Safety and Wellbeing                                   Culture and Development

WHAT does this mean to us?                                      WHAT does this mean to us
The Health, Safety and Wellbeing (HSW) of our team              Bapcor is committed to fostering a vibrant, purpose-led
members continues to be of paramount importance for             culture. With a large and distributed front-line workforce,
Bapcor. To ensure it remains front of mind for all team         the attraction, growth, and retention of quality talent is
members, we continue to invest in resourcing, systems,          a key priority. As we ramped up our focus on creating a
and training.                                                   ‘One Bapcor’ culture, in FY23 we have invested in the
                                                                development and alignment of our senior leaders to
                                                                lead ‘the Bapcor way’.
HOW are we managing it?
Bapcor prioritises the holistic integration of occupational
                                                                HOW are we managing it?
health and safety into its operations. This is achieved
through the implementation of consistent and simplified         At Bapcor, we prioritise a ‘One Bapcor’ approach in leading
systems and processes, fostering a culture of accountability.   our 5,500+ team members. To do this, we have established
Following an external audit in FY22, Bapcor’s commitment        the ‘Bapcor Pit-Crew’ comprising our 100 senior leaders;
to HSW was recognised with increased dedicated safety           we are investing in their development, growth, and well-being
resources to support a team dedicated to HSW.                   with a commitment to build strong leaders and align culture.
In FY23, Bapcor made significant strides in strengthening       We are currently in the process of developing a Learning
our commitment to HSW across all sites. As part of our          and Development framework, which will serve as a
proactive management approach, safety plans were                whole-of-organisation approach to career development.
implemented for all business segments to drive                  This framework aims to provide clear career pathways for
segment-specific strategies to safeguard our workforce.         employees while fostering a culture of continuous growth
Segment Safety Plans include a comprehensive set of             and development. Initially, the focus will be on developing
objectives, including compliance-based training, heightened     front line leaders, aligning their skills and competencies
first aid reporting, and the adoption of an integrated health   with ‘the Bapcor Way’. Over time, the framework will expand
management system – Donesafe. These initiatives have            to encompass a broader range of roles and responsibilities,
contributed significantly to a safer and healthier work         ensuring that career and learning pathways are well-aligned.
environment for our employees and we recorded a 32%
                                                                Bapcor ensures training for team members at various
reduction in the TRIFR.
                                                                levels covering important topics including Anti-Bribery
To further enhance our understanding of psychological           and Corruption, IT Security Awareness, Chain of
risk in the workplace, Bapcor engaged a specialist              Responsibility-Zero Harm Course, Understanding Workplace
service provider in FY23 to conduct a Psychological Risk        Mental Health and Wellbeing for people leaders and team
Assessment. Findings and recommendations from the               members, Inclusive Leadership, and Modern Slavery training.
risk assessment are currently under review and will inform
                                                                In FY23, we also rolled out a digital ‘manager essentials’
the implementation of solutions and control measures.
                                                                program to 1,000 Bapcor people leaders which focused on
 35                                                             building essential management skills to lead our large and
                                                                diverse front line.
 30

 25

 20

 15

 10

  5

  0
         FY20         FY21          FY22           FY23
                  TRIFR                    LTIFR




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                     39
AREA OF FOCUS: GOOD GOVERNANCE & SUPPORTING AND DEVELOPING TEAM MEMBERS CONTINUED




CASE
STUDY
              EXECUTIVE HEALTH
              ASSESSMENTS
In FY23, Bapcor partnered with a specialist Health
Care provider to offer a proactive health assessment
to the Bapcor Pit Crew, providing insights in an
individualised report to focus areas of their health
and wellbeing,
Between launch of the program and the end of FY23,
54 of Bapcor’s senior leaders across Australia and
New Zealand participated. This supports our leaders
to model a holistic approach to wellbeing and be
proactive in maintaining their health.




          Diversity and Inclusion                                       Privacy Protection

WHAT does this mean to us?                                       WHAT this means to Bapcor?
Bapcor embraces diversity, equity, and inclusion as integral     Bapcor recognises the importance of protecting the
components of our organizational culture. We recognise           privacy and personal information of our stakeholders.
that diverse perspectives and experiences contribute to          We implement robust data protection measures and
innovation and better decision-making, and we strive to          comply with applicable privacy laws and regulations.
create an inclusive workplace where individuals are valued       Bapcor maintains transparency regarding data handling
and respected.                                                   practices and is committed to safeguarding the privacy
                                                                 rights of our customers, employees, and other stakeholders.

HOW are we managing it?
                                                                 HOW are we managing it?
Moving forward, Bapcor will further enhance its inclusion
and diversity strategy to support a holistic approach to         Bapcor maintains a proactive approach to privacy protection
inclusion in the workplace. As part of this work, our existing   by conducting regular internal assessments, reviews, and
gender diversity measures will be revisited to ensure they       audits. These evaluations aim to continually enhance our
are appropriately aligned.                                       processes, policies, and technology to safeguard sensitive
                                                                 information. Bapcor is in the process of implementing the
While this work is being undertaken, Bapcor has continued
                                                                 next phase of its cyber program comprising multiple
with several key inclusion initiatives, namely:
                                                                 initiatives to establish and improve cyber controls,
› Continuing the Ignition Program – mentoring for women.         governance processes, policies and technologies aimed at
                                                                 protecting Bapcor’s data, and IT systems from cyber threats.
› Launch of new policies – Parental Leave (update),
     domestic and Family Violence Policy (new), and a new        The cyber program is based on the National Institute of
     Leave Policy (including Purchased Leave and other           Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework
     flexible leave days).                                       and its key governance processes include risk assessment,
                                                                 threat detection, incident response, vulnerability
› “Bapday” – Annual birthday leave provided to all               management, and security awareness training.
     team members.
                                                                 The main objective of the program is to protect the
                                                                 confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data, particularly
                                                                 privacy and sensitive information and ensure legal and
                                                                 regulatory compliance.


40
                CASE
                STUDY
                            IGNITION WOMEN’S MENTORING PROGRAM
                In FY23, Bapcor partnered with an expert service     and participated as mentors. Those who
                provider in women’s professional development to      completed the program noted that they found
                provide a series of both personal and professional   new self-confidence in themselves and a greater
                development webinars for women. 25 women             understanding of the business. This program will
                from across the organisation were involved in the    run again in FY24 and will be targeted at emerging
                program and 15 internal senior leaders volunteered   female leaders.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                           41
AREA OF FOCUS:
POSITIVELY IMPACTING
OUR COMMUNITIES


Bapcor collaborates with local organisations and stakeholders
to address community needs and contribute to the overall
well-being of society. This includes our commitment to pay
our fair share of tax in all the jurisdictions in which we operate.


                                                                                                                 SDG         GRI
     Key Topic                 Objective/Initiative              FY22               FY23               Target    Alignment   Alignment
                               Bapcor stores to                  not                $728 k in          Ongoing               413-1
                               support at least two              available          community
                               community initiatives                                investment
                               in their local area
     Community
     Engagement




                               Pay fair share of tax             $57.5M             $53.0M             Ongoing               207-1
                               across jurisdictions              income             income
                               in which we operate               tax paid *         tax paid *                               207-2

     Fair Tax
     Contributions




*     Significant other tax contributions have been made. i.e. Federal, State and local taxes and duties,
      pay-as-you-go withholdings and indirect taxes (GST, VAT).




42
             CASE
             STUDY
                         BAPCOR’S RESPONSE TO CYCLONE GABRIELLE
             Bapcor New Zealand, through its “Blue Army            › Dry Food Drive: The Blue Army collected and
             Program” promptly coordinated a Group wide              donated dry food items, supplementing support
             approach responding to Cyclone Gabrielle’s impact       with essentials such as toilet paper, bottled
             on the North Island. Bapcor’s emergency plan            water, hygiene products, and more. Volunteers
             focused on immediate support and relief efforts         assisted in packing and distribution from our
             in areas where Bapcor has operations: Hawkes Bay        Auckland and Christchurch locations.
             and Gisborne. We had a three-staged response to
                                                                   › Linen and Towels: Spare bedding and towels were
             the devastation:
                                                                     gathered, packed in clean plastic bin-liners, and
             › Give A Little: We launched a Bapcor Give a Little     transported to distribution centres in Auckland
                webpage to raise funds for essential supplies,       and Christchurch to meet the urgent need for
                impacted customers, and those in need.               such items.
                Generous contributions enabled the purchase
                                                                   Through our collective efforts, the Blue Army
                of supplies and support from the Community
                                                                   demonstrated unity and compassion, providing
                Grants Squad.
                                                                   immediate support to those affected by Cyclone
                                                                   Gabrielle. In total employees and business units
                                                                   across the company generously contributed
                                                                   over $56,000 towards relief efforts.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                43
AREA OF FOCUS: POSITIVELY IMPACTING OUR COMMUNITIES CONTINUED




        Community Engagement                                             Fair Tax Contributions

WHAT does this mean to us?                                        WHAT does this mean to us?
At Bapcor we are committed to actively serving and                Bapcor has a strong commitment to tax risk management
contributing to the local communities in which we                 and corporate governance. Bapcor is committed to a high
operate. We actively engage in community investment               standard of integrity and acts as a responsible taxpayer.
initiatives that support and strengthen local communities.        Under Bapcor’s Tax Governance Policy, the Board has
We aim to leave a lasting and meaningful legacy with              approved the following principles:
each location we operate.
                                                                  › A low tolerance for tax risk;
                                                                  › Not sanction or support any activity that has as
HOW are we managing it?                                             its principal function the avoidance of tax; and
In FY23, stores across all Bapcor businesses segments             › To conduct our tax affairs in compliance with the
continued to support the local communities in which they            laws of all jurisdictions in which Bapcor operates.
operate including social, charitable, and sporting initiatives.
In total, we contributed $728,000 towards community
initiatives, as well as significant stock donations;              HOW are we managing it?
all of which are a testament to our foothold in our
local communities.                                                As outlined in Bapcor’s annual Tax Transparency Report,
                                                                  the majority of Bapcor’s taxes are paid in Australia and
                                                                  New Zealand, being the areas where most of Bapcor’s
                                                                  business operations are located. Bapcor’s overall tax
                                                                  payments consist of income tax on the one hand, and various
                                                                  other tax contributions on the other hand. For income tax,
                                                                  Bapcor paid $53M in FY23 which is on a similar scale
                                                                  to FY22. With regards to other tax contributions, Bapcor
                                                                  pays various Federal, State and local taxes, duties, levies
                                                                  and charges, including fringe benefits tax, payroll tax and
                                                                  stamp duty. Bapcor also collects and pays taxes on behalf
                                                                  of others including taxes on employee earnings (PAYG/PAYE
                                                                  withholding), indirect taxes such as goods and services tax
                                                                  (GST) and value added tax (VAT). In total, all of these other
                                                                  tax contributions have amounted to more than $150M annually
                                                                  in the prior years.




44
       DIRECTORS’
       REPORT




Bapcor Annual Report 2023   45
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
30 June 2023




The Directors present their report, together with the financial statements, on the consolidated entity (‘consolidated entity’)
consisting of Bapcor Limited (‘company’ or ‘parent entity’) and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year
ended 30 June 2023 (‘FY23’).


Directors
The following persons were directors of Bapcor Limited during the whole of the financial year and up to the date of this
report, unless otherwise stated:
 Margaret Haseltine               Independent, Non‑Executive Chair
 Noel Meehan                      Managing Director (appointed 1 September 2022) and Chief Executive Officer
 Mark Bernhard                    Independent, Non‑Executive Director
 Mark Powell                      Independent, Non‑Executive Director
 Brad Soller                      Independent, Non‑Executive Director (appointed 1 November 2022)
 Kathryn Spargo                   Independent, Non‑Executive Director (appointed 1 March 2023)
 James Todd                       Independent, Non‑Executive Director
 Therese Ryan                     Independent, Non‑Executive Director (retired 30 September 2022)
 Jennifer Macdonald               Independent, Non‑Executive Director (retired 19 October 2022)


Principal activities
The principal activities of Bapcor were the sale and distribution of vehicle parts, accessories, automotive equipment,
service and solutions.
Bapcor is one of the largest suppliers of vehicle parts, accessories, equipment, service and solutions in Asia Pacific
with an operational network covering c. 1,000 locations and employing c. 5,500 team members.


Significant changes in the state of affairs
At the Bapcor Investor Day held on 22 November 2022, Bapcor announced the ‘Better than Before’ program – a strategic
multi‑year transformation program to enable additional, sustainable growth with a goal of at least $100M net earnings
before interest and tax benefit by FY251, a further improved return on invested capital to greater than 12% (3 year simple
average of FY23 – FY25) and an enhanced employee engagement. During FY23, Bapcor completed the diagnostics and
planning phases and moved into implementation and execution of this ambitious program.
During FY23, the delivery of a state‑of‑the‑art distribution centre in Redbank, Queensland continued with construction of
the building achieving practical completion early in 2H23 and the official opening held on 2 March. Installation of the Goods
to Person (GTP) system commenced in 2H23. The new facility will consolidate seven existing distribution centres into one.
There were no other significant changes in the state of affairs of the consolidated entity during the financial year.


Dividends
Fully franked dividends paid during the financial year were as follows:
 $M                                                                                                              $M    CENTS PER SHARE
 Final dividend FY22 on 16 September 2022                                                                       39.0               11.5
 Interim dividend FY23 on 17 March 2023                                                                         35.6               10.5

The Board has declared a final dividend in respect of FY23 of 11.5 cents per share, fully franked. The final dividend will be
paid on 19 September 2023 to shareholders registered on 31 August 2023.
The final dividend takes the total dividends declared in relation to FY23 to 22.0 cents per share, fully franked, representing
an increase of dividends paid of 2.3% compared to the prior financial year. Dividends paid and declared in relation to FY23
represent 59.6% of pro‑forma net profit after tax.

(1) Discrete Better than Before program target benefits do not indicate/guide on overall FY25 financial outcomes, which are subject to
    business-as-usual trading and general market conditions.


46
Directors’ Report continued



Review of operations
In FY23, Bapcor has delivered record revenue of $2.0B, up 9.7% on FY22, with growth across all segments demonstrating the
resilience of Bapcor’s diversified business model. While Bapcor was subject to temporary margin compression due to input
cost inflation and capability build in FY23, operating margins in all Trade and Wholesale segments improved in 2H23 versus
1H23, with only the Retail market facing ongoing macro headwinds. Pro‑forma EBITDA of $298.6M was up 2.4% on FY23.
Higher finance costs due to higher interest rates and a higher average debt balance, as well as higher depreciation
and amortisation resulted in a 4.8% decline in Pro‑forma NPAT to $125.3M, in line with market guidance.
Revenue growth was supported by continued network expansion with 2 new stores in Trade, 11 new stores in Specialist
Wholesale, 16 additional company owned stores in Retail and 2 additional stores in New Zealand (all new location numbers
including acquisitions and franchise conversions, and excluding effects from network consolidations). Concurrently, Bapcor
continued to improve its distribution supply rates from the Distribution Centre Victoria (‘DCV’) and achieved practical
completion of the new Distribution Centre Queensland (‘DCQ’), including commencing the installation of the Good to Person
system and transitioning initial operations into DCQ at the end of FY23.
During the year, the Better than Before transformation progressed significantly, and $19.9M of one‑off operating costs
relating to the program were incurred, which is in line with previously communicated targets. These costs include planning,
implementation and execution cost associated with the multi‑year transformation program.

Statutory (versus FY22):
› Revenue increased by 9.7% from $1,842M to $2,021M
› Statutory earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (‘EBITDA’) decreased by 4.3% to $274.0M
› Statutory NPAT decreased by 15.4% to $106.4M and statutory earnings per share (‘EPS’) decreased by 15.4% to 31.36
   cents per share (‘cps’)

Pro‑forma (versus FY22):
› Revenue increased by 9.7% from $1,842M to $2,021M
› Pro‑forma EBITDA increased by 2.4% to $298.6M
› Pro‑forma NPAT decreased by 4.8% to $125.3M and pro‑forma EPS decreased by 4.8% to 36.92 cps

Net debt:
› Pro‑forma net debt at 30 June 2023 was $251.7M representing a leverage ratio of 1.12X (Pro‑forma net debt: last twelve
   months pro‑forma EBITDA1), which is an improvement compared to pro‑forma net debt of $262.0M and a leverage ratio
   of 1.18X at 30 June 2022.
The tables below, which are subject to rounding, reconcile the FY23 and FY22 pro‑forma results to the statutory results.

                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED
 $M                                                                                          NOTE                    FY23              FY22
 Statutory NPAT                                                                                1                   106.4             125.8
 DC consolidations                                                                             2                      7.0                  8.4
 Transformation activities                                                                     3                     19.9                   –
 Tax adjustment                                                                                4                     (8.0)             (2.5)
 Pro‑forma NPAT                                                                                                    125.3              131.6

Note 1: NPAT attributable to members of Bapcor Limited.
Note 2: DC consolidations relate to the significant transition costs incurred in relation to DCV and DCQ.
Note 3: Transformation activities in current period relate to one‑off costs incurred as part of the ‘Better than Before’ transformation.
Note 4: Tax adjustment reflects the tax effect of the above adjustments based on local effective tax rates.

(1) Pro-forma net debt is calculated as statutory net debt excluding the impact of lease liabilities and adjusting for the net derivative
    financial instruments position. Pro-forma EBITDA excludes any impact of AASB16. This approach is consistent with banking covenant
    requirements. Refer to note 16 of the financial report for a reconciliation between statutory and pro-forma net debt.


Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                                    47
Directors’ Report continued



                                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED
 $M                                                                                            NOTE                      FY23            FY22
 Statutory NPBT                                                                                                        148.4           178.1
 Add depreciation and amortisation                                                                                       96.7            88.8
 Add finance costs                                                                                                       28.9            19.3
 Statutory EBITDA                                                                                                      274.0           286.2
 DC consolidations                                                                               1                        4.7              5.3
 Transformation activities                                                                       2                       19.9               –
 Pro‑forma EBITDA                                                                                                      298.6           291.5

Note 1: DC consolidations relate to the significant transition costs incurred in relation to DCV and DCQ.
Note 2: Transformation activities in current period relate to one‑off costs incurred as part of the ‘Better than Before’ transformation.
The table below, which is subject to rounding, reconciles the statutory and pro‑forma results for FY23 and FY22 to the
earnings per share.

                                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                       FY23                                  FY22
 $M                                                        NOTE                STATUTORY       PRO‑FORMA            STATUTORY       PRO‑FORMA
 NPAT                                                       1                     106.4              125.3             125.8           131.6
 Weighted average number
 of ordinary shares                                                               339.4              339.4              339.4          339.4
 Earnings per share (cps)                                                         31.36              36.92              37.05          38.78

The directors’ report includes references to pro‑forma results to exclude the impact of the adjustments detailed above.
The directors believe the presentation of non‑IFRS financial measures are useful for the users of this financial report as
they provide additional and relevant information that reflect the underlying financial performance of the business. Non‑IFRS
financial measures contained within this report are not subject to audit or review.

Operating and financial review – Segment Overview
The table below, with amounts subject to rounding and change percentages based on non‑rounded values, presents revenue
and pro‑forma EBITDA by segment.

                                                                  REVENUE                                        PRO‑FORMA EBITDA
 $M                            NOTE                 FY23               FY22           CHANGE             FY23             FY22         CHANGE
 Trade                                            763.2              685.6            11.3 %           124.2             115.1          7.9%
 Specialist
 Wholesale                                        766.0               699.5            9.5%            102.9             102.0          0.9%
 Retail                                           426.2              393.5             8.3%              67.6             66.5          1.7%
 New Zealand                                       176.1              171.0            3.0%              29.9             32.8         (8.9 %)
 Unallocated/
 Head Office                    1                 (110.4)            (107.7)               –            (26.0)            (24.9)            –
 Total                                          2,021.1             1,841.9            9.7 %           298.6             291.5         2.4 %

Note 1: Revenue relates to intersegment sales eliminations. EBITDA relates to Bapcor head office costs, intersegment EBITDA elimination
and profit from associates.




48
Directors’ Report continued


Operating and financial review – Trade
Bapcor’s Trade segment is Australia’s leading distributor of vehicle parts and equipment solutions for the Trade market.
It consists of the Burson Auto Parts, Precision Automotive Equipment and Independents business units in Australia as well
as the Thailand operations. This segment is a distributor of:
›   Automotive aftermarket parts and consumables to trade workshops for the service and repair of passenger and
    commercial vehicles
›   Automotive workshop equipment such as vehicle hoists and scanning equipment, including servicing of the equipment
›   Automotive accessories and maintenance products to do‑it‑yourself vehicle owners
The Trade segment achieved revenue growth of 11.3% compared to FY22, largely driven by same store sales growth of 8.8%
(2.7% in FY22) and supported by various targeted customer relationship initiatives. Bapcor Trade’s EBITDA grew 7.9% year on
year, with EBITDA margins improving in 2H23 driven by the successful implementation of category and pricing initiatives, and
supported by growth in own brand sales leveraging Bapcor’s internal supply chain.
Trade continued to expand its store network in FY23 with the number of stores increasing from 224 at 30 June 2022 to 226
at 30 June 2023. Two greenfield stores were opened during FY23 strengthening Bapcor Trade’s customer offerings in Morley,
Western Australia and Ballina, New South Wales.

Operating and financial review – Specialist Wholesale
Bapcor’s Specialist Wholesale segment is a leader in both the Australian truck and specialist wholesale markets; and acts
as aggregator and importer for One Bapcor. It consists of the Specialist Networks business including the Commercial Vehicle
Group comprising Truckline as well as the auto electrical businesses of JAS Oceania and Baxters/MTQ; and the Wholesale
business that is a specialised leader in automotive aftermarket wholesale operations through brands such as AAD, Bearing
Wholesalers, Roadsafe, Premier Auto Trade, Federal Batteries, Diesel Distributors, and AADi.
The Specialist Wholesale segment achieved revenue growth of 9.5%, particularly driven by strong same store growth in
regional truck markets and truck‑adjacent mining & agricultural sectors, and supported by organic and M&A network
expansion; with EBITDA growth of 0.9% compared to FY22. While FY23 EBITDA margins softened temporarily compared
to previous year, in 2H23 margins improved to above longer‑term averages through leveraging growth, improved own
brand performance and successfully piloting integrated “light truck – heavy truck” offerings.
In FY23, the Specialist Wholesale network remained at 168 locations with 11 new sites in the commercial vehicle and
Electrical businesses offset by 8 site consolidations and 3 site closures in other businesses. Three acquisitions were made
during the year in the truck and commercial vehicle business: Absolute Spares, New South Wales, MJF Truck and Trailer
Parts, Victoria and E‑Max, Victoria.

Operating and financial review – Retail
Bapcor’s Retail segment is one of Australia’s leading full‑offer retailer and service centre providing best‑in‑class
omni‑channel customer experiences. It consists of business units that are retail customer focused, and include the
Autobarn, Autopro and Opposite Lock brands as well as the Midas and ABS workshop service brands. This segment is
comprised of mostly company‑owned flagship stores in the Autobarn channel, with a mix of company‑owned and franchised
stores and workshops across Retail’s other brands.
The Retail segment achieved revenue growth of 8.3% year on year driven by solid same store sales, notwithstanding during
FY23 the overall Retail market became increasingly impacted by macro headwinds which led to growth slowing down in
2H23. While EBITDA in FY23 increased 1.7% compared to FY22, EBITDA margins reduced by ~100 basis points due to the
deterioration in the macro retail environment leading to cost of living pressures on consumer discretionary spending, that
were only partially offset by increased own brand sales and disciplined seasonal range reviews.
Bapcor Retail has continued to grow the number of company owned stores via both greenfield stores as well as conversion
of some franchise stores to company owned stores. The total number of company‑owned stores at 30 June 2023 was 118
stores, an increase of 11 from the 107 as at 30 June 2022.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                     49
Directors’ Report continued


Operating and financial review – New Zealand
Bapcor’s New Zealand segment is the leading integrated trade and wholesale group providing parts and equipment solutions
across New Zealand. It consists of Trade and Specialist Wholesale businesses based in New Zealand operating across 89
locations, as well as 127 Battery Town and Shock Shop locations. Brake & Transmission (‘BNT’) is the predominant business
supplying automotive parts and accessories to workshops, as well as truck and trailer parts through the Truck and Trailer
Parts brand. New Zealand also includes the Specialist Wholesale businesses of HCB – batteries, Autolign – steering and
suspension, JAS – auto electrical and Precision Equipment NZ – vehicle workshop equipment.
The New Zealand segment revenue increased by 3.0% (5.5% in NZD) compared to FY22, largely driven by same store sales
growth of 4.1% in FY23, with revenue stabilising during FY23 and some recovery growth in 2H23. While both EBITDA and
margins declined overall in FY23, mainly due to input cost pressure and ongoing headwinds in the New Zealand economy,
in 2H23 margins improved to above longer‑term averages through market pricing disciplines.
In FY23, the overall New Zealand network expanded by 1 store to 89 locations (excluding Battery Town and Shock Shop
locations), with new “Large Store” and “Superstore” pilots being trialled to test blueprints for further network expansion.

Operating and financial review – Unallocated/Head Office
The Unallocated/Head Office segment consists of all elimination and head office costs or adjustments that are not in the
control of the other segments. It also includes the elimination of intercompany sales and EBITDA. Intercompany sales
increased by 2.4% compared to FY22.

Financial Position – Capital Raising and Debt
There have been no issues of new shares during the year. As a result, ordinary shares on issue remain at 339,412,500
as at 30 June 2023.
During FY23, Bapcor entered into fixed interest rate swaps to hedge the impact of rising interest rates. A total of $120.0M
of swaps were entered into at an average interest rate of 3.81%. Refer to note 27 of the financial report for further details.
During FY23, Bapcor refinanced $150.0M of debt facilities due to mature in July 2024, with two new tranches totalling
$250.0M maturing in July 2027 and July 2028, taking advantage of favourable market conditions and strong inbound lender
interest. Following the completion of this refinancing Bapcor has access to a total debt facility of $620.0M, an increase of
$100.0M on the prior year. Refer to note 16 of the financial report for details on the revised facility tranches.
AASB 16 Leases increases reportable net debt by the inclusion of $311.3M of lease liabilities as at 30 June 2023. Given this
is excluded from a banking covenant perspective, pro‑forma net debt has also been disclosed. Pro‑forma net debt at
30 June 2023 was $251.7M, representing a leverage1 ratio of 1.12X which is well within debt capacity and an improvement
compared to FY22.


Strategy
Bapcor’s ambition is to be Asia Pacific’s most trusted and leading provider of vehicle parts, accessories, equipment, service
and solutions. This strategic vision is underpinned by six strategic priorities:
›    Become One Bapcor;
›    Deliver capital efficient growth;
›    Embed an agile ‘Culture of Transformation’;
›    Connect though digital and data;
›    Extend and optimise our customer reach; and
›    Embed sustainability into our operations.




(1) Leverage is calculated by dividing pro-forma net debt by the last twelve months’ pro-forma EBITDA. Pro-forma net debt is excluding
    the impact of lease liabilities and adjusting for the net derivative financial instruments relating to forward exchange contracts
    position. Pro-forma EBITDA excludes any impact of AASB16. Refer to note 16 of the financial report for a reconciliation between
    statutory and pro-forma net debt.


50
Directors’ Report continued


Competitive advantages
Team Members – Our team members are the key to our success. Bapcor has a strong and experienced management team and
a proven record of attracting, retaining and growing key talent across the group. Training and development of team members
is a priority for the group.
Diversification – Extensive breadth and depth of product range and capability across the group provides multiple revenue
streams and continues to drive intercompany sales and margin improvement opportunities. Increasing the proportion of
own brand products is a core target, as these products generally achieve greater margins than the alternatives.


Industry trends
The automotive aftermarket parts market in Australia, NZ and Asia continues to experience growth based on:
›   population growth;
›   increasing number of vehicles;
›   increase in total kilometres driven;
›   change in the age mix and complexity of vehicles (i.e. more vehicles in the four years or older range); and
›   an increase in the value of parts sold.
Demand for automotive parts, accessories and services continues to be resilient as maintenance is critical to operating
a vehicle. Vehicle servicing is predominately driven by the number of kilometres travelled, with the number of kilometres
travelled by passenger and light commercial vehicles not normally significantly impacted by economic conditions. Volatility
in new vehicle sales does not directly impact demand as parts distributed by Bapcor are predominantly used to service
vehicles that are aged four years or older. With the impact of COVID‑19, demand for second hand vehicles increased as
people seek to ensure social distancing with reduced reliance on public transport. All of these factors lead to ongoing
demand for vehicle servicing, replacement parts and maintenance.
Online channels to market are now a common medium for retail businesses albeit only a small percentage of automotive
retail sales are online. Through our retail businesses, Bapcor has online sales channels, including ‘click and collect’ and
‘click and deliver’. In the trade and wholesale channels the group offers electronic ‘B2B’ trading including an extensive
parts catalogue. Bapcor is investing in expanding its online capabilities, including in Bapcor’s eCommerce platforms.
In the trade business Bapcor’s fast delivery capabilities, wide product range and knowledgeable people are the key to
Bapcor’s customer offering which on‑line businesses cannot match at this point in time.
The car parc is always evolving driven by changes in the makes and models in Australia and New Zealand due to technical
innovation and changing customer preferences, with the latest being the introduction of electric vehicles. Bapcor has always
embraced changes in the car parc, including the introduction of electric vehicles, as both an opportunity and risk. Electric
vehicles are adding to the size and complexity of the car parc, with the introduction of new and more makes and models to
stock replacement parts for, all of which provides upside to Tier 1 automotive aftermarket providers such as Bapcor. Bapcor
has initiated “Project Zero” with the aspiration to also be a market leader in the supply of parts and technologies to Zero
Emission Vehicles (ZEVs), and a significant portion of Bapcor’s existing parts and accessories can already be utilised in ZEVs.


Key business risks
Bapcor is committed to maintaining and continually improving systems and processes to identify and effectively manage
risk. Key risks faced by Bapcor that could have a material impact on Bapcor’s financial prospects include:
Pandemic risk – As has been shown since the outbreak of COVID‑19, a pandemic which results in restrictions on doing
business will have impacts on Bapcor and is unpredictable by its very nature. Once such situations are evident, Bapcor
will move swiftly to minimise the impact on its revenue, profitability and cash. This risk also includes post‑pandemic
macro headwinds such as some of the inflation‑ and cost‑related challenges currently impacting the economy.
Delivery risk in Better than Before transformation – The BTB program may experience execution issues or may not
realise the full benefits of the program due to a lack of capability or capacity to deliver all the initiatives. To mitigate this
risk, a transformation office has been established with the appropriate governance and project management structures
in place, as well as resourcing, change management skills and training being provided.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                           51
Directors’ Report continued


Changes in economic conditions – Any downturn in economic conditions globally or in the markets Bapcor operates in has
the potential to impact demand for Bapcor’s products and services. Economic downturns can be triggered by a variety of
factors, including geopolitical instability and other whole‑of‑economy risks such as energy supply stability. Bapcor seeks
to manage this risk by monitoring economic indicators, and by having agile processes that are able to respond to changes in
demand. Changes in economic conditions include indirect impacts such as rising fuel prices which might reduce road travel.
Changes in consumer demand – Customer demand and preferences can change in response to economic conditions,
changes in the type of vehicles manufactured, government legislation to reduce vehicle emissions and digital technology.
These changes may impact Bapcor’s revenue mix and earnings as consumers purchase electric vehicles or shift purchases
online. Bapcor is targeting to mitigate these risks by increasing the aftermarket product range used in electric vehicles and
the introduction of online platforms across the businesses.
Competition – The markets and industries Bapcor operates in are competitive and Bapcor may face increased pressure from
existing competitors, new competitors that enter the industry, vehicle manufacturers, and new technologies or technical
advances in vehicles or their parts. Increased competition could have an adverse effect on the financial performance,
industry position and future prospects of Bapcor.
Bargaining power of customers – Bapcor may experience increased bargaining power from customers due to consolidation
of existing workshops, greater participation of existing workshops in purchasing and buying groups, and closure of independent
workshops resulting in greater market share of larger chains. This may also include changes in end‑customer behaviour
with regards to vehicle ownership models and changes to overall mobility behaviours. An increase in customer bargaining
power may result in a decrease in prices or loss of customer accounts, which may in turn adversely affect Bapcor’s sales
and profitability.
Suppliers – Bapcor’s business model depends on having access to a wide range of automotive parts. Factors such as
changes in supplier pricing, product availability, or the quality of Bapcor’s relationships with suppliers, may increase the
prices at which Bapcor procures parts or limit Bapcor’s ability to procure parts. Supplier risk factors can also include
changes to the demand for parts due to new car construction methods or risks due to the emergence of new players in the
supply chain, e.g. direct‑to‑customer‑lifetime service strategies by technology companies entering the automotive sector.
Changes in price or availability of parts may result in decreased sales or margins, which in turn may have an adverse effect
on Bapcor’s financial performance.
Expansion – A key part of Bapcor’s growth strategy is to increase the size of its store network via store acquisitions and
greenfield developments. If suitable acquisition opportunities or greenfield sites are not available this may limit Bapcor’s
ability to execute the growth strategy, which could negatively impact Bapcor’s financial performance and growth. To mitigate
this risk Bapcor senior management takes an active role in the rollout and progress of store expansion.
Managing growth and integration – The integration of acquired businesses and the continued strategy of growing the store
network requires Bapcor to continually improve operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. There is a
risk of an adverse impact on Bapcor if it is not able to manage its expansion and growth efficiently and effectively, or if the
performance of new stores or acquisitions does not meet expectations. Bapcor senior management takes an active role in
the integration of acquired businesses.
Natural events – External and unpredictable natural events such as fires and floods can cause significant disruption to
businesses, including Bapcor. Bapcor seeks to manage the impact of such risks through a number of means, including
robust approaches to crisis and business continuity management.
People and skills – Bapcor is a highly customer‑focussed service business, and its team members and senior management
are key to maintaining the level of operational service to its customers, as well as executing Bapcor’s strategy. In an
environment where there are high levels of employment and shortages of certain skill sets the ability to attract and retain
team members takes on an increased level of importance. This risk is managed through ongoing investment in brand
awareness and strength, and by strong focus on development of knowledge and skills. It is also managed through
contractual obligations, succession planning, and incentives schemes.
Safety – Unlike manufacturing or resources businesses, Bapcor is not in a sector where health and safety represent a very
high risk. However, Bapcor does have exposure to health and safety risks, both to team members and third parties. These
risks come from areas including warehouse operations and team members travelling on Bapcor business. Bapcor’s safety
management system enables us to manage our health and safety processes and risk.
Information technology – Bapcor’s business operations rely on information technology platforms. Weaknesses in
information technology operations could result in negative outcomes including unplanned downtime, system failures
or data breaches, resulting in impacts to customers and employees, and the continuity and security of operations and data.
Bapcor manages such risks through IT improvement and maintenance, IT disaster recovery planning, and cyber security
management processes.




52
Directors’ Report continued


Sustainability – An actual or perceived failure to address sustainability‑related topics, including climate change and the
transition to a net carbon zero economy, has the ability to impact Bapcor’s financial performance, reputation and operations,
either directly within Bapcor’s business or due to changing stakeholder expectations. To address this risk, Bapcor seeks
to execute its integrated approach towards economic, environmental and social sustainability. Ensuring this approach is
effective means ensuring a range of practices are maintained and continually improved, including managing potential
issues in our supply chain, sourcing sustainable products and packaging, and reducing carbon emissions.
Exchange rates – A large proportion of Bapcor’s parts are sourced from overseas, which exposes Bapcor to potential
changes in the purchase price of products due to exchange rate movements. Historically Bapcor has been able to pass on
the majority of the impact of foreign exchange movements through price increases. If Bapcor is not able to recoup foreign
exchange driven cost increases this may lead to a decrease in profitability. To mitigate this risk, Bapcor enters into forward
exchange contracts based on expected purchases for the upcoming twelve months.
Availability of financing – Access to funding, including ongoing availability of debt finance, helps Bapcor fund business
operations and growth initiatives. Any inability to fund operations and growth, for example as a result of constrained ability
to maintain banking facilities, could have a negative impact on financial performance and position. Bapcor manages this risk
through careful management of working capital and capital expenditure, maintaining banking facilities with differing
maturities and a variety of counterparties, and ongoing monitoring of liquidity.
Franchise regulations – Bapcor has a large franchise network. Changes in franchise law or regulations may have an impact
on the responsibilities of the franchisor or the operations of these franchise businesses. Bapcor senior management seek
ongoing professional advice to monitor any developments and implement appropriate changes.
Legal and regulatory compliance – Bapcor is required to maintain compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
These include requirements related to Modern Slavery, consumer protection, product quality, chain of responsibility and
transport safety. The nature and extent of rules relevant to Bapcor and to businesses more broadly have been increasing,
and this trend is likely to continue. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in regulatory action or
other claims which could have an adverse impact on the Group’s reputation, financial performance and profitability.
Inflation and interest rates – Increasing inflation and changes in interest rates can impact Bapcor’s business and funding.
Rising inflation can decrease Bapcor’s profitability, however, Bapcor will target to mitigate inflation risks by passing on their
impact through active category and pricing management. Increases in interest rates can increase Bapcor’s cost of funding or
limit the availability of funding; and to mitigate this risk, Bapcor prudently manages working capital and capital expenditure,
maintenance of banking facilities with differing maturities, and ongoing monitoring of liquidity, as well as considering
hedging strategies.


Likely development and expected results of operations
For FY24, Bapcor expects a solid underlying1 performance subject to market conditions2 and for the Better than Before
program to deliver its targeted FY24 goals. This outlook is based on:
›   Solid demand in Trade segment to continue, but with market growth rate to return to more normalised
    longer‑term levels;
›   Specialist Wholesale segment to benefit from growth and consolidation opportunities in the Truck market;
›   Retail segment to face ongoing challenging market conditions and a more uncertain trading environment, with impact
    of loyalty program and increase in own brand sales targeted to mitigate some of these market impacts;
›   Underlying demand in New Zealand segment expected to improve (versus prior year); and
›   Macro headwinds due to ongoing temporary margin pressures from cost inflation and other external factors such
    as increasing payroll taxes, the investment in capability, depreciation and amortisation costs and higher interest.




(1) Excludes costs/benefits from Better Than Before and DC consolidation.
(2) Particularly with regards to macroeconomic volatility as well as input cost and inflationary pressures.


Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                        53
Directors’ Report continued



Director information
Margaret Haseltine (BA, GradDipTchg(Sec), FAICD)
Independent Non‑executive Chair
During her career, Margaret (Margie) gained extensive leadership and human capital management skills, which she brings
to her role as Chair of the Board. Margie has spent more than 30 years in various senior executive roles in FMCG, including
senior roles at Mars Food Australia, a subsidiary of Mars Inc., where she was responsible for strategy, risk management,
product innovation & brand launching, and implementation of new systems. From 2002 to 2007, Margie served as the CEO
of Mars Food Australia, with responsibility for the APAC market and was also responsible for ensuring sustainability of the
business and its supply chain.
Margaret currently serves as a non‑executive director of Metcash Limited (ASX:MTS), Real Pet Food Company Pty Ltd and
Kennards Hire Pty Ltd and was a director of various government and not‑for‑profit boards, including National Food Precinct,
Central Coast Grammar School and AGRIFOOD Skills. Margaret is also a non‑executive director of Tye Soon Limited
(SGX:BFU), a listed Singapore company in which Bapcor owns 25%.

Noel Meehan (BSc Hons, MAICD, FCPA, AMP (HBS))
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
Noel joined Bapcor on 1 June 2020 as Chief Financial Officer, was appointed as Chief Executive Officer on 8 February 2022,
and Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer on 1 September 2022.
Noel brings over 30 years of executive leadership experience, both in Australia and internationally, across the logistics and
transport, mining services and winemaking industries. Prior to joining Bapcor, Noel has held the office of Chief Financial
Officer at Toll Group, Treasury Wine Estates Limited and Orica Limited.
Noel is a non‑executive director of Tye Soon Limited (SGX:BFU), a listed Singapore company in which Bapcor owns 25%.

Mark Bernhard (BBus (Acc), GAICD, MBA)
Independent Non‑executive Director
During his career, Mark has gained significant board and executive management experience in the automotive industry
across a range of geographies including Australia, Europe, the United States, South‑East Asia and China. Mark has more
than 30 years’ experience in the automotive industry in Finance and various senior executive roles. From 2011 to 2015,
Mark was the Chief Financial Officer and Vice‑President of Shanghai General Motors, returning to Australia in 2015 as
the Chairman and Managing Director of General Motors Holden Australia until 2018.
Since 2019, Mark has served as a non‑executive director of Carbon Revolution Limited (ASX:CBR). Mark has also been
a non‑executive director of a not‑for‑profit, Healthy Male, since 2020 and is chair of their Audit and Risk Committee.

Mark Powell (BSc (Hons), MSc, MBA, BApp. Theol, MA (Hons), GAICD, CMInstD (NZ))
Independent Non‑executive Director
Mark brings over 30 years of leadership and executive experience in retail, wholesale, logistics and distribution. Mark has
held executive roles at Iceland plc, Booker Wholesale and Tesco in the UK, Logistics services provider Tibbett & Britten in
Spain and Canada (including running of Walmart Canada’s logistics operations), and The Warehouse Group in Australia and
New Zealand. Between 2009 and 2016, Mark was CEO of Warehouse Stationary and then Group CEO for NZX‑listed retailer
The Warehouse Group.
Mark currently serves as a non‑executive director of JB Hi‑Fi Group Limited (ASX:JBH), 7‑Eleven Australia Pty Ltd, STIHL
Pty. Ltd and My Food Bag Limited (NZX:MFB). Mark was previously a non‑executive director of Kiwi Property Group Limited
(NZX:KPG).




54
Directors’ Report continued


Brad Soller (B.Com, B.Acc, M.Com, CA (SA))
Independent Non‑executive Director
Brad is a highly experienced executive, having held various CFO positions with public companies in both Australia and the
United Kingdom. Brad was Group CFO of Metcash, a position he held for six years, and prior to that served as the CFO of
David Jones and as Group CFO of Lendlease. Before moving to Australia, Brad held a number of senior financial positions
in the United Kingdom including that of Chief Financial Officer at BAA McArthur Glen Limited and Director of Finance at
UK listed electrical retailer, Thorn plc.
Brad is a non‑executive director of Reliance Worldwide Corporation Limited (ASX: RWC) and Big River Industries Limited
(ASX: BRI).

Kathryn Spargo (LLB (Hons), BA, FAICD)
Independent Non‑executive Director
Kathryn (Kate) has gained broad business experience both as a legal advisor, having worked in private practice and
government, and over two decades of experience as a non‑executive director in the public and private sectors across various
industries spanning infrastructure, energy, renewables, healthcare, engineering services, construction, retail, financial
services and intellectual property.
Kate is currently a non‑executive director at Sigma Healthcare Ltd (ASX: SIG), Sonic Healthcare Ltd (ASX: SHL), Adairs Ltd
(ASX: ADH), CIMIC Group Limited, Geelong Football Club, Jellis Craig Corporation Pty Ltd and Future Fuels CRC Ltd.

James Todd (BCom, LLB, MAICD, F FIN)
Independent Non‑executive Director
James is an experienced company director, corporate adviser, and investor. James has over 30 years’ experience in finance
across various entities, including Hambros Banking Group and Wolseley Private Equity. James’ last executive role was as
Managing Director of Wolseley Private Equity, an independent private equity firm which he co‑founded in 1999 and served
in until 2018. Through his extensive private equity experience, James had exposure across various sectors including retail,
media, FMCG, business services, and international supply chains. His corporate transaction and investment experience has
been gained across multiple markets including Australia, New Zealand and Asia (including Hong Kong, China, Singapore,
Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, and Indonesia).
James is currently a non‑executive director of IVE Group Limited (ASX:IGL) and Coventry Group Limited (ASX:CYG) and was
previously a director of HRL Holdings Limited.
Note: former directorships mandatorily disclosed above are those held in the last 3 years for listed entities only. Directors’
interests in shares are detailed in section 8.5 of the remuneration report.


Company Secretary and Officers
Stefan Camphausen (MBA, BA)
Chief Financial Officer (4 July 2022 – present)
Stefan commenced as Chief Financial Officer of Bapcor in July 2022, after more than 20 years in Executive Finance roles
across Asia Pacific, Europe and the Americas. Prior to joining Bapcor, Stefan held various other Chief Financial Officer
positions, including at ASX‑listed CIMIC Group and leading Asian‑Pacific contracting service providers CPB Contractors
and Thiess.

George Sakoufakis (BCom, LLB, admitted to legal practice in Victoria)
General Counsel (13 May 2019 – present); Company Secretary (1 February 2021 – present)
George commenced with Bapcor on 13 May 2019 as General Counsel and was appointed as Company Secretary on
1 February 2021. George is an Australian legal practitioner and prior to joining Bapcor held various legal and governance
roles at the Foster’s Group including as Acting General Counsel and Legal Director at Carlton and United Breweries.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                        55
Directors’ Report continued



Meetings of directors
The below table shows the number of meetings of the company’s Board and of each Board committee held during the year
ended 30 June 2023, with ‘held’ representing the number of meetings held during the time the director held office or was
a member of the relevant committee.
The number of meetings attended by each director were:

                                                                         NOMINATION, REMUNERATION
                                                      BOARD                 AND ESG COMMITTEE         AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE
                                  NOTE             HELD       ATTENDED          HELD      ATTENDED           HELD      ATTENDED
 Margaret Haseltine                                   9             9              –             –              –             –
 Noel Meehan                       1                  7             7              –             –              –             –
 Mark Bernhard                                        9             9              3             3              5             5
 Mark Powell                                          9             9              4             4              –             –
 Brad Soller                       2                  6             6              –             –              3             3
 Kathryn Spargo                    3                  3             2              1             1              –             –
 James Todd                                           9             9              3             3              5             5
 Therese Ryan                      4                  2             2              1             1              2             2
 Jennifer Macdonald                5                  3             3              1             1              2             2

Note 1: Noel Meehan was appointed as Managing Director on 1 September 2022.
Note 2: Brad Soller was appointed as Director on 1 November 2022.
Note 3: Kathryn Spargo was appointed as Director on 1 March 2023.
Note 4: Therese Ryan retired as Director on 30 September 2022.
Note 5: Jennifer Macdonald retired as Director on 19 October 2022.
The Board has two sub‑committees, being the Audit and Risk Committee and the Nomination, Remuneration and
ESG Committee.
The current members of the Audit and Risk Committee are Brad Soller (Chair) (appointed 1 November 2022), Mark Bernhard
and James Todd. Therese Ryan and Jennifer Macdonald were members during FY23 until they retired on 30 September 2022
and 19 October 2022 respectively. Noel Meehan, whilst not a member of the Audit & Risk Committee, attended all Audit &
Risk Committee meetings by invitation from the Committee.
The current members of the Nomination, Remuneration and ESG Committee are Mark Powell (Chair), Mark Bernhard, James
Todd and Kathryn Spargo (appointed 1 March 2023). Therese Ryan and Jennifer Macdonald were members during FY23 until
they retired on 30 September 2022 and 19 October 2022 respectively. Noel Meehan, whilst not a member of the Nomination,
Remuneration and ESG Committee, attended all Nomination, Remuneration and ESG Committee meetings by invitation from
the Committee.


Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year
Apart from the final dividend declared, no other matter or circumstance has arisen since 30 June 2023 that has significantly
affected, or may significantly affect the consolidated entity’s operations, the results of those operations, or the consolidated
entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.


Environmental regulation
The consolidated entity is not subject to any significant environmental regulation under Australian Commonwealth or State law.




56
Directors’ Report continued



Indemnity and insurance of officers
The company has indemnified the directors and executives of the company for costs incurred, in their capacity as a director
or executive, for which they may be held personally liable, except where there is a lack of good faith.
During the financial year, the company paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the directors and executives of the
company against a liability to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract of insurance prohibits
disclosure of the nature of the liability and the amount of the premium.


Proceedings on behalf of the company
No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring proceedings on behalf
of the company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the company is a party for the purpose of taking responsibility
on behalf of the company for all or part of those proceedings.


Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers continues in office in accordance with section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.


Non‑audit services
There were no non‑audit services provided during the financial year by the auditor.


Auditor’s independence declaration
A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on
page 83 of the directors’ report.


Indemnity of auditor
The company has agreed to indemnify their auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers, to the extent permitted by law, against any
claim by a third party arising from the company’s breach of their agreement with PricewaterhouseCoopers. The indemnity
stipulates that the company will meet the full amount of any such liabilities including a reasonable amount of legal costs.
No liability has arisen under this indemnity.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                      57
Directors’ Report continued



Remuneration report
Dear Shareholder,
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to share with you our Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 June 2023 (FY23).
FY23 has been a year of significant external macroeconomic change and internal strategic transformation at Bapcor.
Our team has continued to perform well despite these challenging demands. The business landscape has been shaped by
various factors, such as economic uncertainty, market volatility, rising costs and supply chain constraints. These challenges
have required careful navigation to maintain our competitive edge and ensure sustainable growth.
Throughout, Bapcor has continued to demonstrate resilience and adaptability. The business has leveraged its strategic
strengths, focused on operational efficiency, and capitalised on emerging opportunities. At the same time, Bapcor has
not just looked to perform for the short term but to also transform for the future, with the establishment of the ambitious
Better Than Before (BTB) transformation program.

Executive remuneration
The Board acknowledges the importance of aligning executive remuneration outcomes with the long‑term interests of
our shareholders. We are committed to ensuring our remuneration framework enables the Company to attract and retain
exceptional talent, motivates executives to excel and prioritise our customers, whilst ensuring responsible remuneration
practices that align with maximising shareholder returns.
Last year, changes to our executive incentive schemes were flagged that further enhance the alignment between executive
remuneration and shareholder value creation. In FY23, a Short‑Term Incentive (STI) Behaviours Modifier was introduced
that could potentially reduce, but not increase, the level of STI earned if appropriate cultural and values expectations are
not achieved. Additionally, two changes were made to the operation of the long‑term incentive (LTI) plan; the introduction
of Return On Invested Capital (ROIC) in place of Earnings Per Share (EPS) as a measure, and the shift to the ASX 200 peer
group to assess relative Total Shareholder Return (rTSR).

Company performance and remuneration outcomes
The Board is pleased with the Company’s continued returns to shareholders in FY23, despite the challenges faced.
Bapcor achieved record revenue of $2.0B, up 9.7% from FY22, with growth across all segments demonstrating a robust
and diversified business. Temporary margin compression and an investment in Bapcor’s capability resulted in Pro‑Forma
Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) declining by 4.8% to $125.3M. In line with market guidance, the second half Pro‑Forma NPAT
was slightly ahead of the first half, while at the same time, our team has built the foundation from which we’ve launched
the multi‑year ‘Better than Before’ (BTB) business transformation program.
The Board has determined the team partially achieved the financial objectives and achieved the majority of the core strategic
non‑financial objectives.
Following a review of the financial and non‑financial performance, the Board has approved the following outcomes for
Executive KMP:
›    FY23 STI outcomes of 23.3% of maximum opportunity for the MD & CEO and 31.1% of maximum opportunity for the CFO.
›    FY21‑23 LTI plan vesting outcome of 0%, indicating that the Company did not meet the threshold performance, resulting
     in no vested performance rights.
Fixed remuneration was also reviewed in FY23 for Executive KMP. The Board determined no changes would be made.

Change in Executive Key Management Personnel (KMP)
As noted in FY22, Stefan Camphausen was appointed as Chief Financial Officer in July 2022. In addition, as a result of
restructuring due to business growth and expansion, the portfolio of the EGM Wholesale was split and a new executive
appointed to lead the Specialist Networks business. As a consequence of these changes, the Board determined that Craig
Magill ceased to be a KMP on 1 July 2022 and therefore his remuneration is not disclosed in the FY23 remuneration report.




58
Directors’ Report continued


Implementation of the BTB Incentive Plan
The BTB program has identified significant operational and financial efficiency potential and expects to deliver exceptional
outcomes that will benefit our team members, customers, and shareholders. A BTB Incentive Plan has been implemented
to align team members at all levels to the delivery of the program, and ultimately reward team members by sharing in its
successful delivery. Ambitious ROIC and net EBIT targets for this plan have been set and are above and beyond targets in
previously existing incentive plans. The EBIT target is net of any incentives paid under this plan and as such, the plan is
self‑funding. Further detail in relation to the BTB incentive plan can be found in the Q&A section on page 60.

Enhancements to the executive remuneration framework in FY24
In FY24, two enhancements are proposed to further align executive remuneration and shareholder value creation. Firstly,
Group financial and non‑financial measures and targets are to be introduced for all Group Leadership Team members to
embed the ‘One Bapcor’ philosophy. Secondly, the Board intends to introduce a ‘stretch‑max’ performance target in the
LTI FY24‑25 plan to reward executives for stretch outcomes. This is explained further in the following Q&A section.

Change in composition of the Board
During the 2023 financial year, Brad Soller and Kathryn Spargo joined the Board as Non‑Executive Directors whilst
Therese Ryan and Jennifer MacDonald retired. We thank the retiring Directors for their service and contribution to Bapcor.
In FY24, we will continue our focus on delivering Bapcor’s strategic agenda to “perform and transform” and drive business
growth and value for our shareholders.
We welcome shareholder feedback on this Remuneration Report and thank you for your support.
Sincerely,




Mark Powell
Chair of the Nomination, Remuneration and Environmental,
Social & Governance Committee
16 August 2023
Melbourne




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                      59
Directors’ Report continued



Questions and answers
The following is intended to assist readers to better understand key aspects of Bapcor’s remuneration approach in FY23.

 QUESTION                        ANSWER
 Why is the number of            The number of KMP has decreased due to the removal of the EGM Wholesale from the
 KMP reducing?                   remuneration report from FY23. This change resulted from restructuring the role due
                                 to business growth and expansion. The EGM Wholesale portfolio was split, and a new
                                 executive was appointed to oversee the Specialist Networks business. As a result of the EGM
                                 Wholesale role’s changed scale, the Board determined it no longer be considered KMP.
 What changes have been          The changes to the Remuneration Framework for FY23 are as follows:
 made to the Remuneration
 Framework in FY23?
                                 ›    STI:
                                      – A reduction in the number of Performance Measures to enhance clarity and
                                        emphasise critical deliverables.
                                      – The deferred component within the plan for Executive KMP was increased from
                                        25% to 50%, creating further alignment of executive and shareholder interests.
                                      – An STI Behaviours Modifier was introduced, highlighting the significance of the
                                        Company values. It ensures that the focus is not solely on ‘what’ gets achieved but
                                        also on ‘how’ it gets achieved, aiming to drive a positive Company culture and achieve
                                        better outcomes. The modifier is designed to potentially reduce, but not increase, the
                                        level of STI earned if appropriate cultural and values expectations are not achieved.
                                 ›    LTI:
                                      – A revision of performance measures resulted in Return On Invested Capital (ROIC)
                                        replacing the Earnings Per Share (EPS) measure, reflecting a stronger emphasis
                                        on both profitability and capital efficiency. This change allows executives to be
                                        rewarded for their efforts in driving strategic investments, operations excellence,
                                        and value creation throughout the Company.
                                      – While relative Total Shareholder Return (rTSR) remains a performance measure,
                                        the Peer Group has been revised, with the ASX200 adopted as a more
                                        appropriate benchmark.
 What is the BTB incentive       In February 2023, Bapcor launched the Better Than Before (BTB) plan to drive a collective
 plan and how does it            focus on the successful execution of our business transformation program. The plan will
 interact with existing          be in effect during the performance period from 22 November 2022 to 30 June 2025.
 incentive plans?                It aims to reward all team members at all levels for successful delivery.
                                 The plan is focused on achieving stretch targets for ROIC and Net EBIT measures and
                                 is self‑funding, with a clear emphasis on setting targets above those within existing STI
                                 and LTI plans, ensuring there is no overlap.

                                     METRIC     MEASURED BY            PERFORMANCE HURDLE      RATIONALE
                                     ROIC       Simple average         Threshold > 12.0%       ROIC acts as the ‘gate’ to any
                                                of the Company’s                               incentive being paid.
                                                ROIC as at
                                                                                               ROIC stretch target of
                                                30 June 2023,
                                                                                               greater than 12.0%, above
                                                30 June 2024 and
                                                                                               the FY23 LTI plan measures,
                                                30 June 2025.
                                                                                               ensuring no overlap with
                                                                                               existing plans.
                                     Net EBIT   The net EBIT           Threshold $100M         Aligned to communication
                                     benefit    benefit at             which can lead          to the market on
                                                30 June 2025 from      to a Maximum            22 November 2022, an
                                                initiatives included   payout of 100% of       ambitious target net of
                                                in Better than         fixed remuneration.     any incentives payable.
                                                Before and after
                                                                                               Straight line
                                                deducting the
                                                                                               pro‑rata vesting.
                                                costs for this
                                                incentive program.


60
Directors’ Report continued



 Are further changes to the   In FY24, further enhancements to Bapcor’s remuneration approach are under
 remuneration approach        consideration. These include:
 being considered?
                              ›    STI:
                                   – Group financial and non‑financial measures and targets to be introduced for all
                                     within the Group Leadership Team, emphasising the importance of collaborative
                                     decision‑making and to foster an environment where collective achievements are
                                     prioritised over individual segment performance.
                              ›    LTI:
                                   – The Board intends to introduce a ‘stretch‑max’ performance level within the FY24
                                     plan. The stretch‑max is designed to incentivise executives to achieve outstanding
                                     performance, leading to exceptional benefits for shareholders. To achieve the
                                     stretch‑max target, an extraordinary improvement in ROIC and rTSR would be
                                     required. As such, the CEO’s maximum earning potential would increase from
                                     100% to 150%. The Group Leadership Team’s maximum earning potential would
                                     rise from 50% to 75%. Both the threshold and stretch‑max targets build further
                                     on any achievement of the Better than Before targets in FY25.
                                       An outline of the plan, including targets, is summarised in the table below:

                                  MEASURE     MEASURED BY          PERFORMANCE HURDLE        RATIONALE
                                  ROIC        Simple average       Threshold 12.5%           Significant stretch
                                  (50%        over the preceding                             compared to the ROIC
                                                                   Stretch‑max 13.5%
                                  of total    three years during                             achieved at 30 June over
                                  Rights)     the perfor­          Straight line             the previous five years:
                                              mance period.        pro‑rata vesting
                                                                                               FY19                   10.2%
                                                                                               FY20                    9.3%
                                                                                               FY21                   11.6%
                                                                                               FY22                   10.6%
                                                                                               FY23                   10.4%

                                  rTSR        ASX 200              Threshold                 Attaining the 87.5th
                                                                   50th percentile           percentile presents
                                  (50%
                                                                                             a substantial stretch
                                  of total                         Stretch‑max ≥ 87.5th
                                                                                             for executives.
                                  Rights)                          percentile
                                                                                             Vesting accelerates
                                                                   Vesting scale:
                                                                                             when the 75% percentile
                                                                   Between 50th to 75th      is reached.
                                                                   percentile – straight
                                                                   line pro‑rata vesting
                                                                   for each percentile
                                                                   movement in outcomes.
                                                                   Between 75th to 87.5th
                                                                   percentile – straight
                                                                   line pro‑rata vesting
                                                                   for each percentile
                                                                   movement in outcomes.
                                                                   Straight line
                                                                   pro‑rata vesting.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                     61
Directors’ Report continued



Remuneration report 2023
In this section
1. Key Management Personnel                                                                                                    Page 62
2. Nomination, Remuneration and Environment, Social & Governance Committee.                                                    Page 63
3. Financial performance and relationship to remuneration                                                                      Page 63
4. Remuneration governance                                                                                                     Page 65
5. Executive remuneration framework and outcomes                                                                               Page 66
6. Better Than Before (BTB) Incentive Plan                                                                                     Page 72
7. Executive KMP realised remuneration (non‑statutory)                                                                         Page 74
8. Statutory details of remuneration                                                                                           Page 75

The information provided in this Remuneration Report, which forms part of the Directors’ Report, has been audited as
required by section 308(3C) of the Corporations Act 2001.


1. Key Management Personnel
This Report outlines Bapcor’s remuneration approach and outcomes for Key Management Personnel (KMP), who have the
authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company during FY23.

 NAME                                     POSITION
 Non‑Executive Directors (NEDs)
 Margaret Haseltine                       Non‑Executive Chair
 Mark Powell                              Non‑Executive Director
 James Todd                               Non‑Executive Director
 Mark Bernhard                            Non‑Executive Director
 Brad Soller                              Non‑Executive Director (from 1 November 2022)
 Kathryn Spargo                           Non‑Executive Director (from 1 March 2023)
 Therese Ryan                             Non‑Executive Director (until 30 September 2022)
 Jennifer Macdonald                       Non‑Executive Director (until 19 October 2022)
 Executive Director
 Noel Meehan                              Managing Director (from 1 September 2022) and Chief Executive Officer
                                          (from 8 February 2022)
 Executive KMP
 Stefan Camphausen                        Chief Financial Officer (from 4 July 2022)
 Former Executive KMP
 Craig Magill1                            Executive General Manager Wholesale (until 30 June 2022)

(1) Craig Magill ceased to be a KMP following operational and role accountability changes. As a result, the role is no longer
    considered KMP.




62
Directors’ Report continued



2. Nomination, Remuneration and Environment, Social &
Governance Committee.
The Nomination, Remuneration and Environment, Social and Governance Committee (NRESGC) operates under the
delegated authority of the Board of Directors. The NRESGC charter is included on the Bapcor website (www.bapcor.com.au).
The Non‑Executive Directors who were members of the NRESGC are as follows:
 Mark Powell                                 Committee Chair
 James Todd                                  Committee Member (from 1 October 2022)
 Mark Bernhard                               Committee Member (from 1 October 2022)
 Kathryn Spargo                              Committee Member (from 1 March 2023)
 Therese Ryan                                Committee Member (until 30 September 2022)
 Jennifer Macdonald                          Committee Member (until 19 October 2022)

The Committee is authorised by the Board to obtain external professional advice, and to secure the attendance of advisers
with relevant experience and expertise if it considers this necessary.


3. Financial performance and relationship to remuneration
The Board maintains its focus on ensuring there is a strong relationship in place between Executive performance and
remuneration outcomes. This section provides an overview of Bapcor’s financial performance over the past five years
and how it relates to remuneration outcomes.

3.1 Company Five‑year Financial Performance
Notably, over the past five years, Bapcor’s financial performance continues to strengthen, along with the returns provided
to our shareholders.




        Revenue                        Proforma                          EPS 3.6%                        Dividends
      10.3% CAGR                     NPAT 7.7% CAGR                     CAGR over                        7.3% CAGR
      over 5 years                    over 5 years                       5 years                        over 5 years




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                    63
Directors’ Report continued


The table below provides a detailed account of the Company’s financial performance over a five‑year period.

                                                           2019             20203             2021              2022             2023
 Revenue from continuing operations $m                  1,296.6          1,462.7            1,761.7          1,841.9          2,021.1
 Increase/(decrease) in revenue                           4.8%             12.8%            20.4%              4.6%              9.7%
 Return on Invested Capital (‘ROIC’)5                    10.2%              9.3%            11.6%             10.6%            10.4%
 Increase/(decrease) in ROIC                             (3.4%)            (8.5%)           24.9%             (8.9%)            (1.9%)
 Pro‑forma NPAT from continuing
 operations $m2,3                                          94.3              88.7            130.1             131.6            125.3
 Increase/(decrease) in pro‑forma NPAT                    9.0%             (5.5%)           46.5%              1.2%             (4.8%)
 Pro‑forma EPS from continuing
 operations (cents)1,3                                   33.45             30.23             38.32            38.78             36.92
 Increase/(decrease) in pro‑forma EPS                     8.0%             (9.2%)           26.8%              1.2%             (4.8%)
 Statutory NPAT $m2                                          97              79.2            118.8            125.8             106.4
 Increase/(decrease) in statutory NPAT                    2.4%            (18.4%)           50.0%              5.9%            (15.4%)
 Statutory EPS (cents)1,3,4                              34.40             26.97             34.99             37.05            31.36
 Increase/(decrease) in statutory EPS1,3,4                1.5%            (21.6%)           29.8%              5.9%            (15.4%)
 Dividend declared (cents per share)                       17.0              17.5             20.0              21.5             22.0
 Increase/(decrease) in dividend declared                 9.7%              2.9%            14.3%              7.5%             2.3%
 Share price 30 June $                                     5.58              5.90             8.50              6.08             5.94
 Market capitalisation $m 30 June                         1,582            2,003             2,885            2,064             2,016
 Relative TSR percentile achieved                        40.4%            78.4%             43.7%               38%              38%

(1) Where appropriate, EPS has been adjusted to take into consideration the impact of rights issues performed and the impact on the
    number of shares as per AASB 133 Earnings Per Share
(2) NPAT attributable to members of Bapcor Limited
(3) Excludes the impact of AASB 16 Leases up to 2019. From 2020 the AASB Leases impact is included. The impact of implementing
    AASB Leases on NPAT is immaterial, being less than $0.5M.
(4) Issued shares increased by 55.4M shares or 20% in April/May 2020.
(5) ROIC has been calculated as Proforma EBIT after Tax on Net Debt + Equity


Five‑year Remuneration Outcomes
Executive KMP remuneration outcomes are aligned to core short‑term and long‑term performance outcomes. The table
below provides the remuneration outcomes for Executive KMP over a five‑year period.

 REMUNERATION OUTCOMES                                     FY19              FY20             FY21              FY22             FY23
 STI outcome (average % of maximum)                        43%              53%               89%              48%               23%
 LTI vesting outcome (% of maximum)                         0%              78%                0%                0%               0%




64
Directors’ Report continued



4. Remuneration governance
The following diagram outlines Bapcor’s approach to remuneration governance.

                                                        BAPCOR BOARD
 › Overall accountability for Bapcor’s remuneration approach.
 › Determines remuneration quantum and structure for executive and non-executive KMP after considering
   recommendations made by the NRESGC.
 › Discretion in determining the outcomes of incentive arrangements.
 › Has discretion to exercise clawback provisions should any material financial misstatements arise.


                       NOMINATION, REMUNERATION AND ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL & GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE (NRESGC)
 Meets regularly to:
 › Understand and review the effectiveness of the remuneration arrangements;
 › Review the remuneration framework to ensure it is fit for purpose and make recommendations to the Board
   on any changes;
 › Determine recommendations to the Board regarding fixed remuneration, STI outcomes and LTI outcomes;
 › Discretion, both positive and negative, in determining the outcomes of incentive arrangements; and
 › Assess executive KMP performance.


                                                      EXTERNAL ADVISORS
 › NRESGC seeks external advice and assistance from independent remuneration consultants as it considers appropriate
   with protocols in place to ensure independence from Management.
 › During FY23 the NRESGC engaged Godfrey Remuneration Group (GRG) to provide benchmarking reports and
   remuneration recommendations (as defined in the section 9B of the Corporations Act). GRG was engaged directly
   by the NRESGC Chair under delegated authority from the Board with the report provided directly to the NRESGC Chair.
   GRG was paid $37,500 excluding GST for their services. The Board is satisfied the recommendations made are free from
   any undue influence.


This year, the Board has actively engaged with major shareholders and proxy advisors to enhance understanding of Bapcor’s
remuneration approach and decisions.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                 65
Directors’ Report continued



5. Executive remuneration framework and outcomes
The Executive Remuneration Framework is designed to attract, motivate and retain high calibre talent, while also supporting
the delivery of the Company’s strategic objectives and sustainable shareholder returns.

5.1 Remuneration Principles
Our remuneration principles serve as a guiding compass for determining the design of remuneration plans and programs,
as well as informing decision‑making processes regarding remuneration outcomes.


                                          OUR REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES




       Market competitive                Alignment                       Fairness                      Consistency
        Attract, motivate         Remuneration outcomes               Appropriate and              Maintaining clarity
         and retain high            align with company             reasonable outcomes             and consistency of
          calibre talent             performance and                balanced in the best         application of outcomes
                                        shareholder              interests of shareholders
                                       value creation                and Management



5.2 Remuneration Mix
The total remuneration for Executive KMP comprises fixed remuneration, variable short‑term incentives, and variable
long‑term incentives. The chart below illustrates the Executive KMP remuneration mix at maximum potential for FY23.
Mr. Meehan’s total FY23 remuneration includes a BTB award, intended to be allocated via performance rights and
contingent upon shareholder approval sought during the upcoming Bapcor AGM.

FY23 Executive KMP potential maximum pay mix




     MD & CEO               25%                      25%                      25%                         25%



          CFO                 31%                          23%                15%                      31%


                0%      10%       20%       30%        40%       50%        60%        70%       80%         90%      100%


                       Fixed Remuneration            Maximum STI            Maximum LTI             Maximum BTB


From time to time the Board may give consideration to awarding additional incentives which are aligned to deliverables that
create further shareholder value (eg. BTB incentive. See section 6).




66
Directors’ Report continued


5.3 Fixed remuneration
Fixed remuneration comprises base salary, superannuation, and non‑cash benefits such as a motor vehicle allowance.
It is reviewed annually and set competitively to attract and retain high calibre talent. Consideration is given to expertise,
scope and complexity of the role, performance, internal relativities, and market changes.
An independent market benchmarking exercise was conducted in FY23. Market benchmarks are typically set with reference
to relevant comparator groups, as determined by the NRESGC each year.
The table below outlines the fixed remuneration for Executive KMP in FY22 and FY23.

 EXECUTIVE KMP               POSITION                                                      FY22             FY23        % CHANGE
 N Meehan1                   Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer          $1,073,568       $1,073,568             0.0%
 S Camphausen                Chief Financial Officer                                       N/A         $700,000                 N/A
 FORMER EXECUTIVE KMP
 C Magill                    Executive General Manager, Wholesale                    $605,000               N/A                 N/A

(1) N Meehan was appointed Acting CEO on 6 December 2021, CEO on 8 February 2022, and MD & CEO on 1 September 2022. Prior to
    these appointments, N Meehan undertook the CFO role with a fixed remuneration of $715,000.


5.4 Short‑Term Incentive (STI) Plan
The STI is an annual incentive plan designed to motivate and reward Executive KMP for the achievement of pre‑determined
financial and non‑financial measures, as set by the Board. These performance‑based outcomes provide an appropriate link
between Executive KMP remuneration and the creation of shareholder wealth.
 Delivery of award                 Following the performance assessment, the STI award will be delivered as 50% cash
                                   and the remaining 50% as deferred equity, until the equivalent of one year’s fixed
                                   remuneration is held in equity, in line with the minimum shareholding requirements.
                                   Should the participant hold the equivalent of one year’s fixed remuneration in equity,
                                   the award can be delivered as deferred cash (for a period of twelve months).
                                   If a participant resigns or leaves the Company before the receipt of any deferred STI,
                                   they will remain entitled to the deferred component unless it is subject to the Company’s
                                   ‘clawback’ policy (please refer to ‘Clawback’ section for further details).
                                   No dividends are payable until the performance rights vest into ordinary shares once the
                                   twelve‑month period has concluded.
 STI opportunity                   The STI opportunity is set in accordance with the scope, complexity and accountability
                                   within each role. Market benchmarks are also taken into consideration.
                                   The table below outlines the Executive KMP STI opportunity at Target and Maximum:

                                    ROLE            TARGET STI OPPORTUNITY                        MAXIMUM STI OPPORTUNITY
                                    MD & CEO        50% of Fixed Remuneration                     100% of Fixed Remuneration
                                    CFO             50% of Fixed Remuneration                     75% of Fixed Remuneration

                                   In the STI plan, Executive KMP must reach 115% of the target performance level to attain
                                   the maximum earning potential available under the plan. This upside earning potential
                                   beyond the target level has been set to incentivise and encourage outperformance.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                         67
Directors’ Report continued



 Performance measures           STI outcomes are determined by the Board at the end of each financial year, based on the
 and weightings                 achievement of pre‑determined financial and non‑financial metrics, through a balanced
                                scorecard. The performance measures are aligned with Group and Segment targets as
                                well as key strategic priorities for the twelve‑month period, complimenting the
                                achievement of the Group’s long‑term strategy.

                                 CATEGORY             PERFORMANCE MEASURE                                       WEIGHTING
                                 Financial            Group NPAT                                                        40%
                                                      Average Group Return On Invested Capital                          15%
                                                      Average Group Inventory to Sales Percentage                       15%
                                 Non‑Financial        ES&G                                                              15%
                                                      Culture                                                           15%
                                               STI Behaviours Modifier – 80% to 100% of overall STI earned
                                 In FY23, the number of Performance Measures was reduced to steer a clearer focus
                                 on key deliverables and effectively drive Company growth. Further, the STI Behaviours
                                 Modifier was introduced, highlighting the significance of the Company values. It ensures
                                 that the focus is not solely on ‘what’ gets achieved but also on ‘how’ it gets achieved,
                                 aiming to drive a positive Company culture and achieve better outcomes. This modifier
                                 is designed to potentially reduce, but not increase, the level of STI earned if
                                 appropriate cultural and values expectations are not achieved.

 Calculation of the STI award   The STI award is calculated as follows:

                                   Fixed                STI            Performance         Behaviours         STI Award
                                remuneration     x   Opportunity   x     Outcome      x     Modifier     =
                                                                                                                   $
                                     $                   %                  %                  %

 Determination of the STI       The STI award is determined after the end of the financial year following a review of
 award                          performance against the STI performance measures.
 Cessation of employment        If an Executive KMP ceases employment with Bapcor prior to the STI payment being paid,
                                the Executive KMP will forfeit any awards that were to be received for the performance
                                period, unless the Board determines otherwise.
                                Should an Executive KMP be dismissed for serious misconduct post the STI payment
                                date, any deferred amount will be forfeited in accordance with the Clawback policy.
 Change of Control              In the event that a ‘Change of Control’ occurs or the Company sells the whole or a
                                substantial part of Bapcor Limited, the Board may in its discretion determine whether
                                and in what amount to pay any STI awards.
 Clawback                       The Board retains the discretion to adjust or forfeit an STI award or to seek recovery from
                                an Executive after a payment or issue including, but not limited to, instances of material
                                financial misstatements, major negligence, significant legal, regulatory and/or policy
                                noncompliance and significant harmful act by an individual.




68
Directors’ Report continued


5.5 Short‑term incentive – performance outcomes
The following tables shows the actual STI performance outcomes for Executive KMP in FY23:

 PERFORMANCE                                                                                                      FY23 PERFORMANCE
 MEASURE                  OBJECTIVE                  SCORECARD PERFORMANCE                                        LEVEL OF ACHIEVEMENT
 Financials
 Group pro‑forma          Increase group             Solid underlying financial performance with record           Not achieved
 NPAT                     pro‑forma NPAT             revenue growth, yet pro‑forma NPAT outcome
                          subject to market          impacted by temporary margin compression
                          conditions                 and an investment in Bapcor’s capability build.
                                                     Below threshold. (Actual: $125.3M).
 Average Group            Focus on capital           Disciplined financial prudence and adept capital             Partially achieved
 ROIC                     efficiency                 management resulted in performance meeting
                                                     threshold. (FY23 Actual: 10.4%, FY22 Actual: 10.6%).
 Average Group            Improve performance Effective inventory management and optimised                        Partially achieved
 Inventory as a           by increasing       sales strategies led to threshold performance
 % of Sales               inventory turns     outcome. (Actual: 26.8%).
 Non‑financial
 Environmental,           Progress strategy          Development of a carbon emission reduction                   Achieved
 Social and               as articulated in          roadmap for entire business, established a
 Governance (ESG)         2022 Annual Report.        risk‑based approach to improve supply chain
                                                     transparency in relation to processes and sourcing
                                                     to mitigate modern slavery risks, conducted an
                                                     extensive waste management review, and reduced
                                                     the Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
                                                     from 20.58 to 13.99.
 Culture                  Improvement in             Bapcor’s Purpose clearly defined and will be                 Partially achieved
                          organisation health        launched in H1 of FY24. An emphasis on leadership
                                                     alignment to underpin this period of significant
                                                     transformation has established a solid foundation
                                                     for culture change.


FY23 Executive KMP STI Outcomes
The following table outlines the Executive KMP FY23 STI outcomes. As per the FY23 STI plan, 50% of the awarded STI
is allocated in Equity, with vesting deferred for an additional 12 months from the date of grant.

                                                                    ACTUAL STI AS       STI FORFEITED                    DEFERRED STI $
                                                    MAXIMUM STI           A % OF             AS A % OF     ACTUAL STI          (50% OF
 EXECUTIVE KMP                                      AS A % OF FAR       MAXIMUM              MAXIMUM       AWARDED $       ACTUAL STI)1
 N Meehan                                                100.0%            23.3%               76.7%         250,141           125,071
 S Camphausen                                             75.0%            31.1%               68.9%         163,100             81,550
 Total                                                                                                       413,241           206,621

(1) The Deferred STI expense is amortized over a period of 15 months (within table 8.1) with the expected grant date to be in October 2023.


FY22 Deferred STI Outcome
The table below provides details of the 2022 deferred shares that have vested within FY23.

                                                           FAIR VALUE PER SHARE RIGHT          NUMBER OF SHARE RIGHTS
 GRANT DATE        VESTING DATE       EXPIRY DATE                       AT GRANT DATE                   AT GRANT DATE         % VESTED
 12/10/2022        12/10/2022         12/10/2022                               $6.34                           11,117               100




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                                 69
Directors’ Report continued


5.6 FY23 Long‑Term Incentive (LTI) plan
The LTI plan acknowledges and rewards the contributions of Executive KMP in generating sustainable long‑term value over a
three‑year performance period. The plan serves to attract and retain key executives whilst fostering a strong alignment with
shareholder interests by promoting long‑term growth and value creation for both the Company and its shareholders.
The key features of the FY23 LTI plan under which grants were made in FY23 are as follows:
 Participants under the plan     Executives who were employed at the commencement of the financial year were invited
                                 to participate.
 LTI opportunity                 The LTI opportunity is set in reflection of scope, accountabilities and impact that a role
                                 would make over a three‑year performance period. Market benchmarks are also taken
                                 into consideration when determining the opportunity.
                                 The maximum face value of LTI opportunity that can be granted, expressed as a percentage
                                 of Fixed Remuneration is:

                                   ROLE                                          MAXIMUM (CAP)
                                   MD & CEO                                      100% of Fixed Remuneration
                                   CFO                                           50% of Fixed Remuneration

 Instrument                      Performance rights will vest upon the Board’s satisfaction of the performance conditions
                                 being met, and do not carry any voting rights or dividend entitlements.
                                 Participants with performance rights that have vested can elect to exercise these rights
                                 for a period up to 15 years from the date on which the vesting conditions were satisfied.
 Allocation of Performance       The number of performance rights issued to each executive is determined by dividing the
 Rights                          participants maximum LTI value by the face value basis using a 10‑day volume weighted
                                 average price (VWAP) of Bapcor shares prior to 30 June 2022.
 Performance period              The performance period is three years.
 Performance measures            The performance measures and their relative weightings are given below:

                                   PERFORMANCE MEASURE                                                          WEIGHTING %
                                   Relative Total Shareholder Return (rTSR)                                             50%
                                   Return On Invested Capital (ROIC)                                                    50%

                                 During FY22, the Board reviewed the Company’s LTIP performance measures to further
                                 enhance alignment between executive long‑term decision‑making, the Company’s strategy
                                 and shareholder interests. As a result, from FY23, the relative Total Shareholder Return
                                 (rTSR) comparator group was expanded to constituents of the broader S&P/ASX 200 index.
                                 The Board considers that the S&P/ASX 200 index provides a more reliable comparative
                                 basis for the purposes of measuring relative Total Shareholder Return (rather than a fixed
                                 set of comparator companies, which may be subject to significant corporate actions which
                                 may result in distortion of total shareholder return). In addition, it is a simpler to apply
                                 approach, and provides greater visibility and alignment for participants.
                                 rTSR will be tested by comparing the Company’s rTSR performance over the performance
                                 period relative to the ASX 200 Index as of 30 June 2022. The test will be conducted by an
                                 independent, external provider. rTSR incorporates both share appreciation and dividends.
                                 For Bapcor and the ASX 200 Index constituents as at 30 June 2022, the share price at the
                                 start and end of the performance period will be the 10‑day VWAP of the Company’s
                                 shares preceding the start and end of the performance period. Dividends will be assumed
                                 to have been reinvested on the ex‑dividend date.
                                 A ‘Return on Invested Capital’ metric has been adopted as the second performance
                                 hurdle and replaced the previously utilised Earnings per Share (‘EPS’) metric. Return on
                                 Invested Capital focuses on capital efficiency and returns, which complements Bapcor’s
                                 other existing remuneration key performance indicators, including those that continue
                                 to be focused on growth and expansion.
                                 The ROIC hurdle will be calculated as the simple average of the Company’s ROIC as at
                                 30 June 2023, 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2025 (Average ROIC).

70
Directors’ Report continued



 Vesting Scales
                                       MEASURE       PERFORMANCE LEVEL                                              VESTING %
                                       rTSR          Below the 50th percentile                                               0%
                                                     At the 50th percentile                                              50%
                                                     Between the 50th and 75th percentiles               Pro rata vesting on a
                                                                                                           straight‑line basis
                                                     At or above the 75th percentile                                    100%
                                       ROIC          Below 11.5%                                                             Nil
                                                     At 11.5%                                                            50%
                                                     Between 11.5% and 12.0%                             Pro rata vesting on a
                                                                                                           straight‑line basis
                                                     At and above 12.0%                                                 100%

 Amendments                        To the extent permitted by the ASX Listing Rules, the Board retains the discretion to vary
                                   the terms and conditions of the LTI. This includes varying the number of Performance
                                   Rights or the number of shares to which a participant is entitled upon a reorganisation
                                   of the capital of Bapcor.
 Other terms                       Shares acquired on the conversion of vested Performance Rights cannot be sold for a
                                   period of twelve months from the date the rights satisfied the performance hurdles.
                                   Performance Rights cannot be transferred, encumbered, or hedged.
 Cessation of employment           The LTI Performance Rights are subject to the participant being employed (or contracted)
                                   for the full performance period of 3 years.
                                   If the participant is a “good leaver”, the prorate number of months completed may vest
                                   if the performance hurdles are achieved. If the participant is not a “good leaver”, any
                                   unvested rights will automatically lapse on the date of the cessation of employment,
                                   subject to any determination otherwise by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion.
 Clawback                          Where, in the opinion of the Board, the participant:
                                   ›    acts fraudulently, or dishonestly;
                                   ›    wilfully breaches their duties to the Group; or
                                   ›    is responsible for material financial misstatements, major negligence, significant
                                        legal, regulatory and/or policy non‑compliance, or a significant harmful act;
                                   and the Board may, at its sole and absolute discretion, deem some or all of the unvested,
                                   or vested but unconverted, performance rights granted to that participant to be forfeited
                                   and to have lapsed. Under specific circumstances any vested equity can be clawed back
                                   from the participant.


5.7 FY21 Long‑term incentive plan outcomes
During FY23, the performance outcomes for the FY21‑23 LTI plan were independently tested by third parties and resulted
as follows:

 MEASURE       WEIGHTING    THRESHOLD TARGET              PERFORMANCE OUTCOME                                   VESTING OUTCOME
 rTSR          50%          50th percentile ranking       38th percentile ranking relative to TSR peer group.                0.0%
 EPS           50%          7.5%                          6.9%                                                               0.0%

As a result of not meeting threshold targets, no vesting has occurred for the FY21 LTI plan.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                          71
Directors’ Report continued



6. Better Than Before (BTB) Incentive Plan
In February 2023, the BTB incentive plan was introduced to drive a collective focus on the successful execution of our
business transformation program. It aims to reward all team members at all levels for successful delivery.
The plan is focused on achieving stretch targets for ROIC and Net EBIT measures and is self‑funding, with a clear emphasis
on setting targets above those within existing STI and LTI plans, ensuring there is no overlap.
The key features of the BTB plan in relation to Executive KMP are as follows:
 BTB opportunity                  The BTB opportunity is set recognising the scope, complexity, accountability and impact
                                  that a role would make over the performance period.
                                  Executive KMP are entitled to a maximum opportunity of 100% of Fixed Remuneration.
 Instrument                       The reward vehicle under the BTB incentive plan will be Performance Rights for
                                  Executive KMP, that will vest upon the Board’s satisfaction of the performance conditions
                                  being met. Performance Rights do not carry any voting rights or dividend entitlements.
                                  In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 10.14.1, as Mr Meehan is a Director of the Company,
                                  shareholder approval is necessary for the granting of securities, including performance
                                  rights under the BTB plan. Mr. Meehan’s total FY23 remuneration includes a BTB award,
                                  intended to be allocated via performance rights, contingent upon shareholder approval
                                  sought during the upcoming Bapcor AGM.
 Allocation of Performance        The number of Performance Rights granted has been calculating dividing the incentive
 Rights                           opportunity by the 10‑day volume weighted average share price (VWAP) prior to
                                  22 November 2022 (Investor Day).
 Performance period               22 November 2022 to 30 June 2025
 Performance measures             The performance measures and their relative weightings are given below:

                                   PERFORMANCE MEASURE                                                          WEIGHTING %
                                   Return On Invested Capital (ROIC)                                                     50%
                                   Net EBIT benefit                                                                      50%

                                  Return on Invested Capital acts as the ‘gate’ for incentive payment under the plan,
                                  necessitating the achievement of specified targets. Return on Invested Capital focuses on
                                  capital efficiency and returns, which complements Bapcor’s other existing remuneration
                                  key performance indicators, including those that continue to be focused on growth
                                  and expansion.
                                  The ROIC hurdle will be calculated at the end of the performance period, as the simple
                                  average of the Company’s ROIC as at 30 June 2023, 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2025.
                                  The Net EBIT Benefit will be calculated at the end of the performance period, as the EBIT
                                  benefit at 30 June 2025 from initiatives included in Better than Before and after deducting
                                  the costs for this incentive program.




72
Directors’ Report continued



 Vesting Scales
                                MEASURE               PERFORMANCE LEVEL                                      VESTING %
                                ROIC                  Below 12.0%                                                     0%
                                                      Over and above 12.0%                                       100%
                                Net EBIT benefit      Below $100M                                                     0%
                                                                                                  Pro‑rata vesting on a
                                                      Above $100M to Maximum                straight‑line basis to 100%

 Amendments                 To the extent permitted by the ASX Listing Rules, the Board retains the discretion to
                            vary the terms and conditions of the BTB Incentive. This includes varying the number
                            of Performance Rights or the number of shares to which a participant is entitled upon
                            a reorganisation of the capital of Bapcor.
 Cessation of employment    The BTB Incentive Performance Rights are subject to the participant being employed at
                            the end of the performance period and at the time any rights have vested.
                            If the participant is determined to be a “good leaver”, as defined in the plan, the prorate
                            number of months completed out of the three years may vest if the performance hurdles
                            are achieved. If the participant is not a “good leaver”, any unvested rights will
                            automatically lapse on the date of the cessation of employment, subject to any
                            determination otherwise by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion.
 Clawback                   Where, in the opinion of the Board, the participant:
                            ›    acts fraudulently, or dishonestly;
                            ›    wilfully breaches their duties to the Group; or
                            ›    is responsible for material financial misstatements, major negligence, significant
                                 legal, regulatory and/or policy non‑compliance, or a significant harmful act;
                            and the Board may, at its sole and absolute discretion, deem some or all of the unvested,
                            or vested but unconverted, performance rights granted to that participant to be forfeited
                            and to have lapsed. Under specific circumstances any vested equity can be clawed back
                            from the participant.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                  73
Directors’ Report continued



7. Executive KMP realised remuneration (non‑statutory)
The following table provides a summary of remuneration received by Executive KMP during FY23. This information provides
further transparency to give shareholders a clearer understanding of Executive KMP remuneration and is supplementary to
the Statutory details of remuneration given in the subsequent section of this report.

                                                                                      PREVIOUS YEAR AWARDS
                                                                                     THAT VESTED DURING FY23
                                                                                                   VESTED AND
                                            FIXED         TERMI­                    PRIOR YEAR          UNRE­
                                          REMUN­          NATION                     DEFERRED        STRICTED                          TOTAL
                                         ERATION1     PAY­MENTS5       CASH STI2           STI            LTI3          NON‑        RECEIVED
 EXECUTIVE KMP            YEAR                  $              $              $              $              $       MONETARY               $
 N Meehan6,7              FY23         1,073,568                –       125,071         70,482               –               –     1,269,120
                          FY22           900,348                –       185,104        120,578               –               –    1,206,030
 S Camphausen4,11         FY23           764,247                –        81,550               –              –        111,789       957,586
                          FY22                N/A               –           N/A            N/A            N/A             N/A            N/A
 Former KMP
 C Magill7,8,10           FY23                N/A               –           N/A            N/A            N/A             N/A            N/A
                          FY22           605,000                –       132,684        102,494               –               –      840,178
 D Abotomey 5,9           FY23                N/A               –           N/A            N/A            N/A             N/A            N/A
                          FY22           572,073       1,841,998        711,447        307,397        695,976                –    4,128,891
 Total                    FY23         1,837,815                –      206,621          70,482               –       111,789      2,226,706
                          FY22         2,077,421      1,841,998      1,029,235        530,469         695,976                –    6,175,099

(1) Fixed remuneration is the aggregate of cash salary, superannuation and fringe benefits.
(2) FY23 cash STI is the amount accrued and payable in respect of FY23 STI opportunity. It is the cash amount to be paid in August 2023
     and excludes any deferred component. It will differ to the amount in section 8.1 as it doesn’t include any adjustment relating to prior
     year under or over accrual.
(3) Vested and unrestricted LTI is the value of the vested LTI on the day it is no longer under restriction from sale. The value is the closing
     share price on the date the LTI is no longer subject to restriction from sale which was $6.70 per share.
(4) S Camphausen receives fully paid travel and accommodation for commute from Sydney to Melbourne as an employment condition.
(5) The termination payments to D Abotomey referred to here only include the payments of accrued annual and long service leave of
     $579,258 up to the retirement date as well as the payment of 50 weeks’ in lieu of notice of $1,262,740.
(6) N Meehan’s fixed remuneration and FY22 cash STI pro‑ratas for his role as CFO until 6 December 2021, then interim CEO until
     8 February 2022 when he was appointed CEO.
(7) In FY22, the deferred STI component for N Meehan and C Magill was recognised as cash settled whereas it was partially equity settled
     in FY23. Hence, the FY22 numbers above have been restated to reclass N Meehan by $37,021 and C Magill by $26,537 from cash STI to
     Equity settled.
(8) In FY22, C Magill fixed remuneration excludes the $30,250 allowance for higher duties included in 8.1 as it was a once off and has been
     accrued and not paid.
(9) D Abotomey retired on 6 December 2021 and his fixed remuneration reflects the period under employment. Within the FY22
     remuneration report, an amount of $711,447 was initially recorded as accrued FY22 cash STI for D Abotomey. During the AGM on
     October 19,2022, the resolution on the deferred STI was not carried by the AGM. Subsequently, the accrual was reversed in FY23.
(10) From 1 July 2022, the role of EGM Trade was no longer considered to be a KMP. C Magill’s remuneration reflects his period as KMP.
(11) In FY23, S Camphausen fixed remuneration includes $70,000 allowance for higher duties and has been accrued and not paid.




74
Directors’ Report continued



8. Statutory details of remuneration
The statutory remuneration disclosures for the year ended 30 June 2023 are detailed below under the following headings
and are prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards (AASBs).

8.1 Remuneration of KMP
                                                         POST-       LONG-
                                                        EM­P LOY­    TERM       SHARE                            PERCENTAGE OF
                             SHORT‑TERM                   MENT       BENE­      BASED                          REMUNERATION FIXED
                              BENEFITS1                 BENE­F ITS    FITS    PAYMENTS   OTHER                    AND AT RISK
                             CASH                                ANNUAL
                           SALARY                NON‑     SUPER­ & LONG                                                   AT      AT
                              AND      CASH    MONE­       ANNU­ SERV­ICE       EQUITY      TERM                       RISK    RISK
                             FEES2     STI13    TARY2      ATION   LEAVE      SETTLED8 PAY­MENTS       TOTAL   FIXED   – STI   – LTI
 2023             YEAR           $        $         $          $        $            $         $           $       %      %       %
 NED
 M Haseltine3,7   FY23 274,708            –        –      19,057          –         –         –      293,765 100%         –       –
                  FY22 362,774            –        –     28,987           –         –         –      391,761 100%         –       –
 T Ryan10         FY23    35,607          –        –       3,762          –         –         –       39,369 100%         –       –
                  FY22   121,629          –        –      12,163          –         –         –      133,792 100%         –       –
 J Macdonald10    FY23    46,746          –        –       4,935          –         –         –       51,681 100%         –       –
                  FY22 139,878            –        –     13,988           –         –         –      153,866 100%         –       –
 J Todd           FY23 136,826            –        –     14,388           –         –         –      151,214 100%         –       –
                  FY22 112,504            –        –      11,250          –         –         –      123,754 100%         –       –
 M Powell         FY23 140,271            –        –     14,754           –         –         –      155,025 100%         –       –
                  FY22 130,753            –        –     13,075           –         –         –      143,828 100%         –       –
 M Bernhard4      FY23 136,826            –        –     14,388           –         –         –      151,214 100%         –       –
                  FY22    35,561          –        –       3,556          –         –         –       39,117 100%         –       –
 B Soller10       FY23    93,335          –        –       9,800          –         –         –      103,135 100%         –       –
                  FY22       N/A        N/A     N/A          N/A       N/A        N/A       N/A         N/A     N/A    N/A     N/A
 K Spargo10       FY23    42,232          –        –       4,434          –         –         –      46,666 100%          –       –
                  FY22       N/A        N/A     N/A          N/A       N/A        N/A       N/A         N/A     N/A    N/A     N/A
 Executive
 Director
 N Meehan6        FY23 1,048,275 242,321           –     25,292      21,485   403,874         – 1,741,246      63%     14%     23%
                  FY22 879,288       197,140       –     23,568      39,905   235,521         – 1,375,422      63%     13%     24%
 D Abotomey 5     FY23       N/A        N/A     N/A          N/A       N/A        N/A       N/A         N/A     N/A    N/A     N/A
                  FY22   547,874 631,108           –      24,135     35,701 1,124,492 2,318,248 4,681,558      63%     13%     24%
 Other KMP
 S Camphausen10,12 FY23 742,031      81,550 111,789      25,292      47,055   259,712         – 1,267,430      74%      6%     20%
                  FY22       N/A        N/A     N/A          N/A       N/A        N/A       N/A         N/A     N/A    N/A     N/A
 C Magill7,9,11   FY23       N/A        N/A     N/A          N/A       N/A        N/A       N/A         N/A     N/A    N/A     N/A
                  FY22    631,919 118,747          –     31,334      14,038     71,422           –   849,460   78%     14%      8%
 Total            FY23 2,696,857 323,871 111,789 136,102 68,540               663,586            – 4,000,745
                  FY22 2,944,180 946,995           – 162,056 89,644           951,338 2,318,248 7,892,558




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                          75
Directors’ Report continued


(1) S Camphausen receives fully paid travel and accommodation for commute from Sydney to Melbourne as an employment condition.
     There is no non‑monetary benefits to KMP in FY23 and FY22.
(2) In FY23, Cash salary and fees excludes accrued annual leave and for FY22, $53,463 relating to Executive Director and other KMP
     have been adjusted to include annual leave accrual in the ‘Annual & Long service leave’ column which had previously disclosed
     in cash salary fees.
(3) In FY22, M Haseltine was Interim Executive Chair from 6 December 2021 until 31 March 2022 and received $95,342 for these
     additional services.
(4) M Bernhard was appointed 1 March 2022.
(5) D Abotomey retired 6 December 2021. In FY22, D Abotomey had $711,447 as FY22 cash STI, $476,250 as separation payment and
     $480,097 in LTI performance rights accrued but only paid if approved by shareholders at the AGM on 19 October 2022. Since the
     resolution on the deferred STI, the separation payment, and LTI performance rights was not approved by shareholders. the accrual
     was subsequently reversed in FY23.
(6) N Meehan was appointed Acting CEO on 6 December 2021, CEO on 8 February 2022 and MD & CEO on 1 September 2022.
(7) M Haseltine and C Magill received superannuation over the cap of $23,568 due to a processing error in FY22. Amounts paid over
     the cap reduce FY23 remuneration accordingly.
(8) Includes BTB incentive plan. The total amount expensed is determined by reference to market and non‑market vesting conditions
     having regard to the terms and conditions upon which the instruments were granted.
(9) In FY22, C Magill’s cash salary and fees includes a once off payment of $30,250 for higher duties for accountabilities in addition
     to his EGM Wholesale role during FY22. This has been accrued and cleared in FY23.
(10) T Ryan and J Macdonald retired on 30 September 2022 and 19 October 2022 respectively. B Soller, K Spargo and S Camphausen
     commenced on 1 November 2022, 1 March 2023 and 4 July 2022 respectively.
(11) From 1 July 2022, the role of EGM Trade was no longer considered to be a KMP. C Magill’s remuneration reflects his period as KMP.
(12) In FY23, S Camphausen fixed remuneration included $70,000 allowance for higher duties in addition to his CFO role during FY23.
     This has been accrued and not paid in FY23.
(13) Bonus includes any prior year variance for accrual estimate versus actual cash paid. In FY22, the deferred STI component
     for N Meehan and C Magill was recognised as cash settled whereas it was partially equity settled in FY23. Hence, the FY22 numbers
     above have been restated to reclass N Meehan by $37,021 and C Magill by $26,537 from cash STI to Equity settled.




76
Directors’ Report continued


8.2 Service agreements
Remuneration and other terms of employment for Executive KMP are formalised in service agreements. The provisions of
the agreements include:

 CONTRACT TERMS        MD & CEO                                             CFO
 Commencement          8 February 2022                                      4 July 2022
 date
 Term of agreement     Open ended                                           Open ended
 Fixed annual          Contract specifies the FAR inclusive of              Contract specifies the FAR inclusive of
 remuneration          superannuation, motor vehicle, non‑cash              superannuation, motor vehicle, non‑cash
 (‘FAR’)               benefits and FBT thereon.                            benefits and FBT thereon.
 Review of FAR         Subject to annual review with no obligation          Subject to annual review with no obligation
                       on the company to make changes.                      on the company to make changes.
 Variable pay          Eligible to participate in the company’s incentive   Eligible to participate in the company’s
                       arrangements that can vary from time to time.        incentive arrangements that can vary from time
                       The maximum STI opportunity is 100% of the           to time. The maximum STI opportunity is 75%
                       executive’s FAR and the maximum LTI opportunity      of the executive’s FAR and the maximum LTI
                       is 100% of the executive’s FAR in FY23.              opportunity is 50% of the executive’s FAR in FY23.
 Notice period         Subject to a six‑month notice period both            Subject to a six‑month notice period both by the
                       by the company and by the Executive.                 company and by the Executive.
 Confidentiality       Contract includes provisions requiring the           Contract includes provisions requiring the
                       Executive to maintain the confidentiality of         Executive to maintain the confidentiality of
                       company information.                                 company information.
 Leave                 Contract provides for leave entitlements,            Contract provides for leave entitlements,
                       as a minimum, in accordance with                     as a minimum, in accordance with
                       respective legislation.                              respective legislation.
 Restraint of trade    Contract includes restraint of trade provision       Contract includes restraint of trade provision
                       for a period of twelve months after termination      for a period of six months after termination
                       of employment.                                       of employment.
 Termination           Contract includes termination payments relating      Contract includes termination payments relating
 payments              to amounts accrued and earned such as annual         to amounts accrued and earned such as annual
                       leave, long service leave, STI and LTI (subject to   leave, long service leave, STI and LTI (subject to
                       vesting conditions and Board approval).              vesting conditions and Board approval).

Bapcor or the Executive KMP may terminate the employment contract by giving the other six months’ written notice before
the proposed date of termination, or in Bapcor’s case, payment in lieu of notice. Bapcor may terminate the Executive KMP
employment immediately and without payment in lieu of notice in certain circumstances including for any serious misconduct.
Other than any amounts accrued and earned such as annual leave, long service leave, STI and LTI (subject to vesting
conditions and Board approval) there are no termination payments included in the Executive KMP contracts.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                        77
Directors’ Report continued


8.3 NED remuneration
Fees and payments to NEDs reflect the demands and the responsibilities of the directors. NED fees and payments are
reviewed annually by the NRESGC. The NRESGC seeks to set fees at a level that will attract and retain high calibre NEDs
who have a diverse range of experience, skills and qualifications to enable effective oversight of management and the
company. The NRESGC may, from time to time, receive advice from independent remuneration consultants to ensure
NED fees and payments are competitive, appropriate and in line with the market. Refer section four for more details
on independent remuneration consultancy received in FY23.
The maximum aggregate fee pool of $1,500,000 was approved by shareholders at the AGM on 20 October 2020.
The following fee policy for the Board and Committees took effect from 1 July 2022:

                                                                                             BOARD            NRESGC               ARC
 NED TYPE1                                                                                       $                 $                 $
 Chair                                                                                     300,000            30,000           30,000
 Member                                                                                    125,000            15,000            15,000

(1) All fee amounts are inclusive of compulsory superannuation obligations.
Fees paid to NEDs in FY23 are set out in the following table. Fees are paid in cash and NEDs were not granted options or
share rights. NEDs are not entitled to any payment on retirement or resignation from the Board. Directors may also be
reimbursed for expenses properly incurred by the director in connection with the affairs of Bapcor including travel and
other expenses whilst attending to company affairs.

                                                                                         COMMITTEE            SUPER­
                                                 FINANCIAL             BOARD FEES             FEES         ANNUATION             TOTAL
 NED                                             YEAR                           $                $                 $                 $
 M Haseltine4                                    2023                    274,708               N/A            19,057          293,765
                                                 2022                    362,774               N/A            28,987           391,761
 T Ryan1                                         2023                      27,892             7,715            3,762            39,369
                                                 2022                    103,380            18,249            12,163          133,792
 J Macdonald1                                    2023                      33,716           13,030             4,935            51,681
                                                 2022                    103,380            36,498            13,988          153,866
 M Powell                                        2023                     111,875           28,396            14,754          155,025
                                                 2022                    103,380            27,373            13,075          143,828
 J Todd6                                         2023                     111,875           24,951            14,388           151,214
                                                 2022                    103,380              9,124           11,250          123,754
 M Bernhard5                                     2023                     111,875           24,951            14,388           151,214
                                                 2022                     35,301               260             3,556            39,117
 B Soller2                                       2023                      74,175            19,160            9,800           103,135
                                                 2022                         N/A              N/A               N/A               N/A
 K Spargo 3                                      2023                      37,394            4,838             4,434            46,667
                                                 2022                         N/A              N/A               N/A               N/A

(1) T Ryan retired from the Board from 30 September 2022 and J Macdonald retired from the Board from 19 October 2022.
(2) B Soller was appointed as an Independent, Non‑Executive Director 1 November 2022.
(3) K Spargo was appointed as an Independent, Non‑Executive Director 1 March 2023.
(4) M Haseltine was Interim Executive Chair from 6 December 2021 until 31 Match 2022 and paid $95,342 for these additional services.
    M Haseltine also received superannuation over the cap of $23,568 due to a processing error in FY22. Amounts paid over the cap will
    reduce FY23 remuneration accordingly.
(5) M Bernhard was appointed as an Independent, Non‑Executive Director 1 March 2021. He became a member of the ARC from
    30 May 2022, and a member of the NRESG from 1 October 2022.
(6) J Todd became a member of the NRESG from 1 October 2022.


78
Directors’ Report continued


Following external benchmarking, from 1 July 2023 the fee for the Board Chair will increase to $335,000 and the Members’
fees will increase to $140,000.

Shares held by NEDs
The Board has a guideline that Non‑Executive Directors increase their holding of shares in the company so that within three
years of appointment it reaches a minimum level of one times the base board fees. The current shareholding interests of the
NEDs is set out in section 8.5.

8.4 Share‑based compensation
The following table outlines the details of the LTI grants outstanding for each Executive KMP participant and other
movements in performance rights in the year. As performance rights will not vest if the performance conditions are not
satisfied, the minimum value of the performance right yet to vest is nil. From FY21 the weighted average face value of shares
is used to calculate the number of LTI Performance Rights granted. There were no amounts paid and there were no amounts
outstanding or due from KMP in relation to the grant of performance rights during the year.

                                                                                                                                           MAXIMUM
                                                                                                                                              TOTAL
                                                                                                                     QUAN­T ITY            VALUE OF
                        BALANCE                       EXER­    VALUE AT                                       FOR­    REMAIN­     VALUE   GRANT YET
                        AT START GRANT­E D             CISE      GRANT     QUAN­              QUAN­TITY    FEITED/         ING EXPENSED       TO BE
                 GRANT OF YEAR    DURING       VEST   PRICE       DATE1     TITY     VEST­ED FOR­FEITED/   LAPSED     (UNVES­ THIS YEAR   EXPENSED
 KMP              DATE (NUMBER) THE YEAR       DATE       $           $   VEST­E D         %     LAPSED         %        TED)        $2           $
 N
 Meehan       10/09/20 71,428           – 30/06/23       –     390,354          –       0%     (71,428) –100%              –   (38,024)        N/A
              30/08/21     51,316       – 30/06/24       –     270,948          –       0%            –       0%      51,316   (26,000)     32,158
              29/03/22 27,040           – 30/06/24       –     117,624          –       0%            –       0%      27,040   (14,872)     12,168
              12/10/22         –    11,117 12/10/22      –      70,482    (11,117) 100%               –       0%           –    33,461         N/A
              19/10/22         – 184,297 30/06/25        –     903,978          –       0%            –       0% 184,297 159,294           318,587
               8/03/23         – 156,268 30/06/25        –     837,596          –       0%            –       0% 156,268 193,766          644,219
 S
 Camphausen 12/10/22           –    60,083 30/06/25      –     299,515          –       0%            –       0%      60,083    53,453     106,907
                8/03/23        – 101,892 30/06/25        –     620,318          –       0%            –       0% 101,892 143,502           476,817
 Total                    149,784 513,657                     3,510,815 (11,117)               (71,428)              580,896 504,580 1,590,856

(1) Value at grant date has been determined as the fair value of performance rights at grant.
(2) Value expensed this year is the current year expense calculated by allocating the fair value (determined at grant), of the performance
    rights, over the relevant vesting period as required by the Accounting Standards.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                                         79
Directors’ Report continued


8.5 Equity instrument disclosures relating to KMP
The numbers of ordinary voting shares in the company held during the financial year by each director and other KMP,
including their personally related parties, are set out below.

                              BALANCE         RECEIVED         DIVIDEND                                       RESIGNED/       BALANCE
                           AT START OF          DURING    REINVESTMENT       PURCHASE              SALE OF       CEASED     AT THE END
 2023                         THE YEAR        THE YEAR             PLAN      OF SHARES             SHARES     TO BE KMP    OF THE YEAR
 Directors
 M Haseltine                    61,314               –               –          12,915                  –             –        74,229
 J Todd                        20,000                –               –           7,500                  –             –        27,500
 M Powell                      20,000                –               –           5,000                  –             –        25,000
 M Bernhard                     5,000                –               –          17,500                  –             –        22,500
 N Meehan                      43,325                –               –          37,880                  –             –        81,205
 K Spargo                            –               –               –          10,000                  –             –        10,000
 B Soller                            –               –               –           7,500                  –             –         7,500
 Other KMP
 S Camphausen                        –               –               –                –                 –             –             –
 Prior KMP1
 C Magill                     448,719                –               –                –        (50,000)        (398,719)            –
 T Ryan                        40,256               ––               –                –                 –      (40,256)             –
 J Macdonald                   35,013               ––               –           3,000                  –       (38,013)            –
 Total                        673,627                –               –        101,295          (50,000)       (476,988)      247,934

                              BALANCE         RECEIVED         DIVIDEND                                       RESIGNED/       BALANCE
                           AT START OF          DURING    REINVESTMENT       PURCHASE              SALE OF       CEASED     AT THE END
 2022                         THE YEAR        THE YEAR             PLAN      OF SHARES             SHARES     TO BE KMP    OF THE YEAR
 Directors
 M Haseltine                   49,849                –               –          11,465                  –             –        61,314
 T Ryan                        40,256                –               –                –                 –             –        40,256
 J Macdonald                   30,013                –               –           5,000                  –             –        35,013
 J Todd                        20,000                –               –                –                 –             –        20,000
 M Powell                      13,000                –               –           7,000                  –             –        20,000
 M Bernhard                          –               –               –           5,000                  –             –         5,000
 D Abotomey                 1,441,154                –               –                –                 –    (1,441,154)            –
 Other KMP
 N Meehan                      14,000                –               –          29,325                  –             –        43,325
 C Magill                     448,719                –               –                –                 –             –      448,719
 Prior KMP1
 M Cooper                      47,027                –               –                –                 –       (47,027)            –
 A Laing                        3,000                –               –                –                 –        (3,000)            –
 T Cockayne                    14,184                –               –                –                 –       (14,184)            –
 S Drummy                        5,750               –               –                –                 –        (5,750)            –
 J Nicol                           690               –               –                –                 –          (690)            –
 Total                      2,127,642                –               –          57,790                  –    (1,511,805)     673,627

(1) Prior year KMP included in FY23 to ensure opening balance aligns with historical disclosure.

80
Directors’ Report continued


8.6 Total shares under right to KMP
                                                                                                             EXERCISE
                                                                                                                PRICE
 DATE GRANTED                                                           VEST DATE         EXPIRY DATE       OF RIGHTS          QUANTITY
 Performance rights plans
 30/08/2021                                                          30/06/2024           30/08/2036                –            51,316
 29/03/2022                                                          30/06/2024           29/03/2036                –            27,040
 12/10/2022                                                          12/10/2022           12/10/2037                –           60,083
 19/10/2022                                                          30/06/2025           19/10/2037                –          184,297
 8/03/2023                                                           30/06/2025            8/03/2038                –           101,892
 To be determined in FY23 AGM (Not granted)
 8/03/2023                                                           30/06/2025            8/03/2038                –          156,268
 Total shares under right                                                                                                      580,896


8.7 Equity granted in the 2023 financial year
The information provided below provides a list of performance rights granted during the 2023 financial year.

8.7.1 Long‑term incentive plan
An offer to participate in the FY23 LTI plan was made to two Executive KMP. A summary of the key features of plan is in the
following table:
 Grant date                                                                  12/10/2022                          19/10/2022
 Performance hurdle                                                Relative TSR            ROIC         Relative TSR          ROIC
 Performance period                                                   1/07/2022 to 30/06/2025             1/07/2022 to 30/06/2025
 Test date                                                                   30/06/2025                         30/06/2025
 Expiry date                                                                 12/10/2037                          19/10/2037
 Quantity granted2                                                     30,042              30,041         92,148              92,149
 Exercise price                                                                     Nil                                 Nil
 Fair value at grant date1                                             $4.18               $5.79           $4.03              $5.78
                                                                         Sale restriction to                 Sale restriction to
 Other conditions                                                           30/06/2026                          30/06/2026
 Share price on valuation date                                                  $6.35                               $6.34
 Volatility                                                                     40.55%                             40.55%
 Dividend yield                                                                 3.47%                              3.47%
 Risk free rate                                                                 3.41%                              3.41%

(1) The fair value represents the value used to calculate the accounting expense as required by accounting standards.
(2) Due to rounding the total shares per tranche are not exactly 50/50 split but approximate that.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                              81
Directors’ Report continued


8.7.2 Better Than Before incentive plan – structure
An offer to participate in the BTB plan was made to Mr. Camphausen. Mr. Meehan’s total FY23 remuneration includes a BTB
award, intended to be allocated via performance rights, contingent upon shareholder approval sought during the upcoming
Bapcor AGM. A summary of the key features of plan in the following table:
 Grant date                                                                   08/03/2023                     Yet to be determined
 Performance hurdle                                                     ROIC              Net EBIT          ROIC                Net EBIT
 Performance period                                                    22/11/2022 to 30/6/2025             22/11/2022 to 30/6/2025
 Vesting date                                                                 30/06/2025                          30/06/2025
 Expiry date                                                                   8/03/2038                           8/03/2038
 Quantity granted                                                       50,946             50,946          78,134                78,134
 Exercise price                                                                    Nil                                   Nil
 Fair value at grant date1                                                       $6.088                                 $5.36
                                                                                                           Issuance of performance
                                                                                                        rights subject to shareholder
                                                                                                          approval at the Company’s
 Other conditions                                                                                       2023 Annual General Meeting
 Share price on valuation date                                                   $6.73                                  $5.94
 Dividend yield                                                                  3.27%                                  3.53%

(1) The fair value represents the value used to calculate the accounting expense as required by accounting standards.


8.8 Loans and other transactions with KMP
No loans were made to any KMP in FY23 and there are no outstanding loans to any KMP. No other transactions occurred in
FY23 with any KMP.


Rounding of amounts
The company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191, issued by the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission, relating to ‘rounding‑off’. Amounts in this report have been rounded off in accordance with that
Corporations Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases, the nearest dollar.
This report is made in accordance with a resolution of directors, pursuant to section 298(2)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.
On behalf of the directors




Margaret Haseltine
Chair
16 August 2023
Melbourne




82
AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION




                Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                As lead auditor for the audit of Bapcor Limited for the year ended 30 June 2023, I declare that to the
                best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                (a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                    relation to the audit; and
                (b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                This declaration is in respect of Bapcor Limited and the entities it controlled during the period.



                Alison Tait Milner                                                                             Melbourne
                Partner                                                                                    16 August 2023
                PricewaterhouseCoopers




                PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au

                Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                   83
FINANCIAL REPORT

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   85
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     86
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      87
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             88
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   89
Directors’ Declaration                           138
Independent Auditor’s Report                     139
Shareholder Information                          144
Corporate Directory                              146




84
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 30 June 2023



                                                                                                       CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                   NOTE                 $'000             $'000
 Revenue                                                                            4              2,021,135          1,841,905
 Share of profits of associates accounted for using the equity method               13                 1,937               575
 Other income                                                                       5                  2,182             1,709
 Expenses
 Cost of sales                                                                                    (1,077,325)         (982,466)
 Employee expenses                                                                                  (446,749)         (392,889)
 Freight                                                                                             (34,839)          (27,334)
 Advertising                                                                                         (36,668)          (33,654)
 Other expenses                                                                                     (107,984)          (80,292)
 Motor vehicles                                                                                      (17,351)           (14,811)
 IT and communications                                                                               (30,342)          (26,542)
 Depreciation and amortisation expense                                              6                (96,657)          (88,783)
 Finance costs                                                                      6                (28,932)           (19,336)
 Profit before income tax expense                                                                   148,407            178,082
 Income tax expense                                                                 7                (42,238)          (52,527)
 Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                        106,169           125,555
 Other comprehensive income
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
 Foreign currency translation                                                                          3,681             (6,604)
 Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                                        (2,021)            3,045
 Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                   1,660             (3,559)
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                            107,829            121,996
 Profit for the year is attributable to:
 Non‑controlling interest                                                                               (279)             (204)
 Owners of Bapcor Limited                                                           22              106,448            125,759
                                                                                                     106,169           125,555
 Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
 Non‑controlling interest                                                                               104               (235)
 Owners of Bapcor Limited                                                                            107,725           122,231
                                                                                                    107,829            121,996


                                                                                                       CENTS             CENTS
 Basic earnings per share                                                           25                 31.36             37.05
 Diluted earnings per share                                                         25                 31.23             36.92

The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                     85
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 30 June 2023




                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                      NOTE                 $'000             $'000
 Assets
 Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               78,634            80,213
 Trade and other receivables                                                           8                239,593           209,826
 Inventories                                                                           9                519,659           538,688
 Derivative financial instruments                                                      18                 3,381             6,393
 Income tax receivable                                                                 7                  17,149            6,410
 Other assets                                                                                                  –              129
 Total current assets                                                                                   858,416           841,659
 Non‑current assets
 Right‑of‑use assets                                                                   10               283,775           230,199
 Property, plant and equipment                                                         11               115,218           106,924
 Intangibles                                                                           12               798,740           779,788
 Investments accounted for using the equity method                                     13                10,997             9,071
 Deferred tax                                                                          7                 25,229            23,934
 Total non‑current assets                                                                             1,233,959       1,149,916
 Total assets                                                                                         2,092,375       1,991,575
 Liabilities
 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                                              14               259,940           236,561
 Provisions                                                                            15                47,506            45,958
 Lease liabilities                                                                     17                72,095            65,067
 Derivative financial instruments                                                      18                   243              344
 Total current liabilities                                                                              379,784           347,930
 Non‑current liabilities
 Provisions                                                                            15                 17,164           16,744
 Borrowings                                                                            16               331,138           346,702
 Lease liabilities                                                                     17               239,184           187,942
 Total non‑current liabilities                                                                          587,486           551,388
 Total liabilities                                                                                      967,270           899,318
 Net assets                                                                                            1,125,105      1,092,257
 Equity
 Issued capital                                                                        20               867,972           867,972
 Reserves                                                                              21                 4,458             3,149
 Retained profits                                                                      22               251,665           219,888
 Equity attributable to the owners of Bapcor Limited                                                  1,124,095       1,091,009
 Non‑controlling interest                                                              23                  1,010            1,248
 Total equity                                                                                          1,125,105      1,092,257

The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

86
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 30 June 2023




                                                                                                          NON‑
                                CONTRIBUTED                                          RETAINED      CONTROLLING
                                     EQUITY            OTHER        RESERVES         EARNINGS        INTERESTS     TOTAL EQUITY
 CONSOLIDATED                          $’000            $’000           $’000           $’000             $’000           $’000
 Balance at 1 July 2021             878,652          (10,680)           8,412         165,406            1,405       1,043,195
 Profit/(loss) after income
 tax expense for the year                 –                –                –         125,759             (204)        125,555
 Other comprehensive
 income for the year,
 net of tax                               –                –           (3,528)               –              (31)        (3,559)
 Total comprehensive
 income for the year                      –                –           (3,528)        125,759             (235)        121,996
 Transactions with
 owners in their
 capacity as owners:
 Share‑based payments
 (note 34)                                –                –           (1,735)               –               –          (1,735)
 Non‑controlling interest
 capital                                  –                –                –                –              78              78
 Dividends paid (note 24)                 –                –                –         (71,277)               –         (71,277)
 Balance at 30 June 2022            878,652          (10,680)           3,149         219,888            1,248       1,092,257

                                                                                                          NON‑
                                CONTRIBUTED                                          RETAINED      CONTROLLING
                                     EQUITY            OTHER        RESERVES         EARNINGS        INTERESTS     TOTAL EQUITY
 CONSOLIDATED                          $’000            $’000           $’000           $’000             $’000           $’000
 Balance at 1 July 2022             878,652          (10,680)           3,149         219,888            1,248       1,092,257
 Profit/(loss) after income
 tax expense for the year                 –                –                –         106,448             (279)        106,169
 Other comprehensive
 income for the year,
 net of tax                               –                –            1,619                –              41           1,660
 Total comprehensive
 income for the year                      –                –            1,619         106,448             (238)        107,829
 Transactions with
 owners in their
 capacity as owners:
 Share‑based payments
 (note 34)                                –                –             (310)               –               –            (310)
 Dividends paid (note 24)                 –                –                –          (74,671)              –         (74,671)
 Balance at 30 June 2023            878,652          (10,680)          4,458          251,665            1,010       1,125,105

The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                     87
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 30 June 2023




                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                     NOTE                   $'000             $'000
 Cash flows from operating activities
 Receipts from customers (inclusive of GST)                                                         2,202,621          2,008,118
 Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of GST)                                             (1,881,913)       (1,822,784)
 Net cash converted                                                                                   320,708              185,334
 Payments for new store initial inventory purchases                                                    (14,535)             (9,347)
 Payments for restructuring costs                                                                       (4,803)             (5,826)
 Payments for transformation costs                                                                     (19,934)                  –
 Borrowing costs                                                                                       (14,378)             (7,378)
 Transaction costs relating to acquisition of business                                                      (329)             (442)
 Income taxes paid                                                                                     (53,000)            (57,518)
 Net cash from operating activities                                                  26               213,729              104,823
 Cash flows from investing activities
 Payment for purchase of business, net of cash and cash equivalents                  29                (19,381)            (20,602)
 Payment for deferred settlements                                                                       (1,007)             (2,047)
 Payments for property, plant and equipment                                           11               (33,751)            (43,577)
 Payments for intangibles                                                             12                (7,594)            (13,824)
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                    2,727           15,553
 Net cash used in investing activities                                                                 (59,006)            (64,497)
 Cash flows from financing activities
 Net proceeds/(repayments) of borrowings                                                               (15,000)            143,049
 Dividends paid                                                                      24                (74,671)            (71,277)
 Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                        (66,290)            (69,989)
 Borrowing transaction costs                                                                            (1,255)             (1,012)
 Net cash from/(used in) financing activities                                                         (157,216)               771
 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                   (2,492)             41,097
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                                       80,213              39,598
 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                               914              (482)
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year                                            78,634               80,213

The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




88
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
30 June 2023


Note 1.    Significant accounting policies                             90
Note 2.    Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions   92
Note 3.    Segment information                                         93
Note 4.    Revenue                                                     95
Note 5.    Other income                                                 96
Note 6.    Expenses                                                     96
Note 7.    Income tax                                                  97
Note 8.    Trade and other receivables                                 100
Note 9.    Inventories                                                 101
Note 10.   Right‑of‑use assets                                         102
Note 11.   Property, plant and equipment                               104
Note 12.   Intangibles                                                 105
Note 13.   Investments accounted for using the equity method           109
Note 14.   Trade and other payables                                    109
Note 15.   Provisions                                                  110
Note 16.   Borrowings                                                  112
Note 17.   Lease liabilities                                           114
Note 18.   Derivative financial instruments                            115
Note 19.   Fair value measurement                                      116
Note 20. Issued capital                                                117
Note 21.   Reserves                                                    118
Note 22. Retained profits                                              119
Note 23. Non‑controlling interest                                      119
Note 24. Dividends                                                     119
Note 25. Earnings per share                                            120
Note 26. Reconciliation of profit after income tax
         to net cash from operating activities                         121
Note 27.   Financial risk management                                   122
Note 28. Related party transactions                                    126
Note 29.   Business combinations                                       126
Note 30. Deed of cross guarantee                                       128
Note 31.   Parent entity information                                   131
Note 32. Interests in subsidiaries                                     132
Note 33. Related party transactions – key management personnel
         disclosures133
Note 34. Share‑based payments                                          133
Note 35. Remuneration of auditors                                      136
Note 36. Commitments and contingent liabilities                        137
Note 37.   Events after the reporting period                           137




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                     89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 1. Significant accounting policies
The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are set out either in the respective
notes or below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

New or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations adopted
The consolidated entity has adopted all of the new or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the
Australian Accounting Standards Board (‘AASB’) that are mandatory for the current reporting period.
Any new or amended Accounting Standards or Interpretations that are not yet mandatory have not been early adopted.

Reclassifications in prior year
The financial statements contain some reclassifications of prior year disclosures to ensure comparability with the current
year and are detailed in the respective notes where they have occurred.

Basis of preparation
These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards
and Interpretations issued by the AASB and the Corporations Act 2001, as appropriate for for‑profit oriented entities.
These financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (‘IASB’).

Historical cost convention
The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for, where applicable, the
revaluation of financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income and derivative financial instruments.

Critical accounting estimates
The preparation of the financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires
management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the consolidated entity’s accounting policies. The areas
involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the
financial statements, are disclosed in note 2.

Parent entity information
In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, these financial statements present the results of the consolidated entity only.
Supplementary information about the parent entity is disclosed in note 31.

Principles of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of Bapcor Limited (‘company’
or ‘parent entity’) as at 30 June 2023 and the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended. Bapcor Limited and its
subsidiaries together are referred to in these financial statements as the ‘consolidated entity’.
Subsidiaries are all those entities over which the consolidated entity has control. The consolidated entity controls an entity
when the consolidated entity is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has
the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated
from the date on which control is transferred to the consolidated entity. They are de‑consolidated from the date that
control ceases.
Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between entities in the consolidated entity
are eliminated on consolidation. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of the
impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
consistency with the policies adopted by the consolidated entity.
The acquisition of subsidiaries is accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. A change in ownership interest,
without the loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction, where the difference between the consideration
transferred and the book value of the share of the non‑controlling interest acquired is recognised directly in equity
attributable to the parent.


90
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Non‑controlling interest in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the statement of comprehensive
income, statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the consolidated entity. Losses incurred by the
consolidated entity are attributed to the non‑controlling interest in full, even if that results in a deficit balance.
Where the consolidated entity loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets including goodwill, liabilities
and non‑controlling interest in the subsidiary together with any cumulative translation differences recognised in equity.
The consolidated entity recognises the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any investment retained
together with any gain or loss in profit or loss.

Associates
Associates are entities over which the consolidated entity has significant influence but not control or joint control.
Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the share of the profits
or losses of the associate is recognised in profit or loss and the share of the movements in equity is recognised in other
comprehensive income. Investments in associates are carried in the statement of financial position at cost plus post‑acquisition
changes in the consolidated entity’s share of net assets of the associate. Goodwill relating to the associate is included in
the carrying amount of the investment and is neither amortised nor individually tested for impairment. Dividends received
or receivable from associates reduce the carrying amount of the investment.
When the consolidated entity’s share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any
unsecured long‑term receivables, the consolidated entity does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred
obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.
The consolidated entity discontinues the use of the equity method upon the loss of significant influence over the associate
and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the associates carrying amount, fair value
of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

Foreign currency translation
The financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is Bapcor Limited’s functional and presentation currency.

Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into Australian dollars using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation
at financial year‑end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in
profit or loss, except when deferred in equity as qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges.

Foreign operations
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars using the exchange rates at the
reporting date. The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars using the average
exchange rates, which approximate the rates at the dates of the transactions, for the period. All resulting foreign exchange
differences are recognised in other comprehensive income through the foreign currency reserve in equity.
The foreign currency reserve is recognised in profit or loss when the foreign operation or net investment is disposed.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities
of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

Current and non‑current classification
Assets and liabilities are presented in the statement of financial position based on current and non‑current classification.
An asset is classified as current when: it is either expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in the
consolidated entity’s normal operating cycle; it is held primarily for the purpose of trading; it is expected to be realised within
twelve months after the reporting period; or the asset is cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or
used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period. All other assets are classified as non‑current.
A liability is classified as current when: it is either expected to be settled in the consolidated entity’s normal operating cycle;
it is held primarily for the purpose of trading; it is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period; or there
is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period. All other
liabilities are classified as non‑current.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are always classified as non‑current.

Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                        91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Impairment of assets
Goodwill and other intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually
for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
recoverable amount.
Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value‑in‑use. The value‑in‑use is the
present value of the estimated future cash flows relating to the asset using a pre‑tax discount rate specific to the asset or
cash‑generating unit to which the asset belongs. Assets that do not have independent cash flows are grouped together to
form a cash‑generating unit.

Goods and Services Tax (‘GST’) and other similar taxes
Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of associated GST, unless the GST incurred is not recoverable
from the tax authority. In this case it is recognised as part of the cost of the acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.
Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST recoverable
from, or payable to, the tax authority is included in other receivables or other payables in the statement of financial position.
Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities
which are recoverable from, or payable to the tax authority, are presented as operating cash flows.

Rounding of amounts
The company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191, issued by the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission, relating to ‘rounding‑off’. Amounts in this report have been rounded off in accordance with that
Corporations Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases, the nearest dollar.



Note 2. Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts in the financial statements. Management continually evaluates its judgements and estimates in
relation to assets, liabilities, contingent liabilities, revenue and expenses. Management bases its judgements, estimates and
assumptions on historical experience and on other various factors, including expectations of future events, management
believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting judgements and estimates will seldom equal
the related actual results. The judgements, estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are included in the following notes
to the consolidated financial statements:
›    Note 8 – Trade and other receivables
›    Note 9 – Inventories
›    Note 11 – Property, plant and equipment
›    Note 12 – Intangibles
›    Note 15 – Provisions
›    Note 17 – Lease liabilities
›    Note 29 – Business combinations
›    Note 34 – Share‑based payments




92
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 3. Segment information
Description of segments
The consolidated entity has identified four operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by
the MD & CEO (who is identified as the Chief Operating Decision Maker (‘CODM’)) and is supported by the other members of
the executive team and the Board of Directors where required in assessing performance and in determining the allocation
of resources including capital allocations.
The operating results of the consolidated entity are currently reviewed by the CODM and decisions are based on four
operating segments which also represent the four reporting segments, as follows:
 Bapcor Trade                   Represents the trade focused automotive aftermarket parts distribution to independent
                                and chain mechanic workshops. Includes the operations of Burson Auto Parts, Precision
                                Automotive Equipment, Blacktown Auto Spares and the Thailand based operations.
 Bapcor Specialist              Includes the specialised wholesale distribution and network channel areas of the
 Wholesale                      organisation that focus on a specific automotive area. Includes the operations of AAD,
                                Baxters, Bearing Wholesalers, MTQ Engine Systems, Roadsafe, Diesel Distributors,
                                Federal Batteries, JAS Oceania, Premier Auto Trade, Toperformance, Truckline and WANO.
 Bapcor Retail                  Represents the retail focused accessory stores that are positioned as the first choice
                                destination for both the everyday consumer and automotive enthusiast as well as the service
                                areas of Bapcor. Includes the operations of Autobarn, Autopro, Midas, ABS and Opposite Lock.
 Bapcor NZ                      Includes the operations of Brake & Transmission (‘BNT’), Autolign and HCB Technologies.


Segment revenue
Intersegment transactions are carried out at arm’s length and eliminated on consolidation. The revenue from external
parties reported to the CODM is measured in a manner consistent with that in the statement of comprehensive income.

Segment EBITDA
Segment performance is assessed on the basis of segment EBITDA. Segment EBITDA comprises expenses which are
incurred in the normal trading activity of the segments and excludes the impact of depreciation, amortisation, interest,
tax and other items which are determined to be outside of the control of the respective segments.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                    93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Operating segment information
                                                   BAPCOR
                                     BAPCOR    SPECIALISTS    BAPCOR                UNALLOCATED/
                                      TRADE     WHOLESALE      RETAIL   BAPCOR NZ    HEAD OFFICE       TOTAL
 CONSOLIDATED – 2023                   $’000         $’000      $’000       $’000          $’000       $’000
 Revenue
 Sales                              763,158       765,953    426,185     176,087             14    2,131,397
 Total segment revenue              763,158       765,953    426,185     176,087             14    2,131,397
 Intersegment sales                                                                                 (110,262)
 Total revenue                                                                                     2,021,135
 EBITDA                             124,246       102,891     67,648      29,880        (50,368)    274,297
 Intersegment EBITDA                                                                                    (301)
 Depreciation and amortisation                                                                       (96,657)
 Finance costs                                                                                       (28,932)
 Profit before income tax expense                                                                   148,407
 Income tax expense                                                                                  (42,238)
 Profit after income tax expense                                                                     106,169
 Assets
 Segment assets                     431,262       659,678    500,051     286,373        215,011    2,092,375
 Total assets                                                                                      2,092,375
 Liabilities
 Segment liabilities                147,986       158,274    157,065       51,188       452,757      967,270
 Total liabilities                                                                                   967,270

                                                   BAPCOR
                                     BAPCOR    SPECIALISTS    BAPCOR                UNALLOCATED/
                                      TRADE     WHOLESALE      RETAIL   BAPCOR NZ    HEAD OFFICE       TOTAL
 CONSOLIDATED – 2022                   $’000         $’000      $’000       $’000          $’000       $’000
 Revenue
 Sales                              685,584       699,450    393,521     171,049              –    1,949,604
 Total segment revenue              685,584       699,450    393,521     171,049              –    1,949,604
 Intersegment sales                                                                                 (107,699)
 Total revenue                                                                                     1,841,905
 EBITDA                             115,069       102,003     66,533      32,848        (27,382)    289,071
 Intersegment EBITDA                                                                                  (2,870)
 Depreciation and amortisation                                                                       (88,783)
 Finance costs                                                                                       (19,336)
 Profit before income tax expense                                                                   178,082
 Income tax expense                                                                                  (52,527)
 Profit after income tax expense                                                                    125,555
 Assets
 Segment assets                     438,474       633,512    486,240     285,021        148,328    1,991,575
 Total assets                                                                                      1,991,575
 Liabilities
 Segment liabilities                153,658       131,630    137,784      48,598        427,648     899,318
 Total liabilities                                                                                  899,318


94
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Geographical information
                                                                                                 GEOGRAPHICAL NON‑CURRENT
                                                                                                                   ASSETS
                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                     $’000             $’000
 Australia                                                                                      1,022,573           943,926
 New Zealand                                                                                      185,408           181,168
 Other                                                                                                734               888
                                                                                                1,208,715        1,125,982

The geographical non‑current assets above are exclusive of, where applicable, financial instruments, deferred tax assets
and balances such as intercompany and investments that are eliminated on consolidation.


  Significant accounting policies
  Operating segments are presented using the ‘management approach’, where the information presented is on the same
  basis as the internal reports provided to the Chief Operating Decision Makers (‘CODM’). The CODM is responsible for
  the allocation of resources to operating segments and assessing their performance.




Note 4. Revenue
                                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                     $’000             $’000
 Revenue from contracts with customers                                                           2,021,135       1,841,905


Disaggregation of revenue
The disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                     $’000             $’000
 Geographical regions
 Australia                                                                                       1,947,961      1,773,580
 New Zealand                                                                                      176,087           171,049
 Thailand                                                                                            7,349            4,975
 Intersegment sales                                                                               (110,262)         (107,699)
                                                                                                 2,021,135       1,841,905
 Timing of revenue recognition
 Goods transferred at a point in time                                                           2,097,632        1,918,267
 Services transferred over time                                                                    33,765            31,337
 Intersegment sales                                                                               (110,262)         (107,699)
                                                                                                 2,021,135       1,841,905




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                  95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



     Significant accounting policies
     Revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the consolidated entity is expected
     to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. For each contract with a customer, the
     consolidated entity: identifies the contract with a customer; identifies the performance obligations in the contract;
     determines the transaction price which takes into account estimates of variable consideration and the time value of
     money; allocates the transaction price to the separate performance obligations on the basis of the relative stand‑alone
     selling price of each distinct good or service to be delivered; and recognises revenue when or as each performance
     obligation is satisfied in a manner that depicts the transfer to the customer of the goods or services promised.

     Sale of goods
     Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods,
     which is generally at the time of delivery.

     Rendering of services – franchise and service fees
     Revenue from services is recognised over time as the services are rendered in line with the customer contract terms.




Note 5. Other income
                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                         $’000             $’000
 Rental income                                                                                          2,182             1,709

Rental income relates to rental recoveries from franchise locations.



Note 6. Expenses
                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                         $’000             $’000
 Profit before income tax includes the following specific expenses:
 Depreciation and amortisation expense
 Plant and equipment                                                                                   16,056            15,356
 Motor vehicles                                                                                         7,620             6,743
 Properties right‑of‑use assets                                                                        63,769            58,452
 Motor vehicles right‑of‑use assets                                                                      487               936
 Amortisation of intangibles                                                                            8,725             7,296
                                                                                                       96,657            88,783
 Finance costs
 Interest and finance charges paid/payable                                                             14,709             8,129
 Interest and finance charges paid/payable on lease liabilities                                       14,223             11,207
                                                                                                       28,932            19,336
 Superannuation expense
 Defined contribution superannuation expense                                                          32,442             27,012




96
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 7. Income tax
                                                                                          CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                           $’000            $’000
 Income tax expense
 Current tax on profits for the year                                                     40,758          35,606
 Deferred tax expense                                                                     3,769           16,734
 Adjustment recognised for prior periods                                                 (2,289)             187
 Aggregate income tax expense                                                            42,238           52,527
 Deferred tax included in income tax expense comprises:
 Decrease/(increase) in deferred tax assets                                             (16,254)           2,707
 Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                                    20,023           14,027
 Deferred tax expense                                                                     3,769           16,734
 Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense and tax at the statutory rate
 Profit before income tax expense                                                       148,407          178,082
 Tax at the statutory tax rate of 30%                                                    44,522          53,425
 Tax effect amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating taxable income:
   Other                                                                                   454              (617)
                                                                                         44,976          52,808
 Adjustment recognised for prior periods                                                 (2,289)             187
 Difference in overseas tax rates                                                          (449)            (468)
 Income tax expense                                                                      42,238           52,527




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                       97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



                                                                          CONSOLIDATED
                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                          $’000             $’000
 Deferred tax asset
 Deferred tax asset comprises temporary differences attributable to:
 Amounts recognised in profit or loss:
     Property, plant and equipment                                       2,567             2,616
     Employee benefits                                                  13,051            12,438
     Trade and other receivables                                         2,164             2,546
     Inventory                                                          18,394           20,342
     Lease liabilities                                                  92,854           75,405
     Other                                                              11,090             6,209
                                                                       140,120           119,556
 Amounts recognised in equity:
     Transaction costs on share issue                                      278               567
     Share‑based payment                                                   620               677
                                                                           898             1,244
 Deferred tax asset                                                    141,018           120,800
 Movements:
 Opening balance                                                       120,800           117,370
 Credited/(charged) to profit or loss                                   16,254            (2,707)
 Charged to equity                                                        (289)             (289)
 Additions through business combinations                                  1,167            2,736
 Charged to other comprehensive income                                      (57)          (1,254)
 Adjustment recognised for prior periods                                 3,143             4,944
 Deferred tax asset                                                    141,018           120,800
 Set‑off against Deferred tax liability                                (115,789)         (96,866)
 Net Deferred tax asset                                                 25,229            23,934




98
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                                           $’000            $’000
 Deferred tax liability
 Deferred tax liability comprises temporary differences attributable to:
 Amounts recognised in profit or loss:
   Property, plant and equipment                                                                          8,806            6,606
   Customer contracts                                                                                     4,685             4,135
   Trademarks                                                                                            17,064           17,034
   Right‑of‑use assets                                                                                   84,293           67,295
                                                                                                        114,848           95,070
 Amounts recognised in equity:
   Cash flow hedge                                                                                           941            1,796
 Deferred tax liability                                                                                 115,789           96,866
 Movements:
 Opening balance                                                                                         96,866           80,940
 Charged to profit or loss                                                                               20,023           14,027
 Charged to other comprehensive income                                                                      (855)          1,204
 Additions through business combinations                                                                   (245)             695
 Closing balance                                                                                        115,789           96,866


  Significant accounting policies
  The income tax expense or benefit for the period is the tax payable on that period’s taxable income based on the
  applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by the changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable
  to temporary differences, unused tax losses and the adjustment recognised for prior periods, where applicable.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to be applied
  when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates that are enacted or substantively
  enacted, except for:
  ›   When the deferred income tax asset or liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability
      in a transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
      accounting nor taxable profits; or
  ›   When the taxable temporary difference is associated with interests in subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures,
      and the timing of the reversal can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
      in the foreseeable future.
  Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable
  that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.
  The carrying amount of recognised and unrecognised deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date. Deferred
  tax assets recognised are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that future taxable profits will be available
  for the carrying amount to be recovered. Previously unrecognised deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that
  it is probable that there are future taxable profits available to recover the asset.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
  against current tax liabilities and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities; and they relate to the same
  taxable authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend to settle simultaneously.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                         99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 8. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                        $’000             $’000
 Current assets
 Trade receivables                                                                                   199,873           181,609
 Less: Allowance for credit notes                                                                      (1,726)          (1,574)
 Less: Allowance for expected credit losses (trade receivables)                                       (4,694)           (6,783)
                                                                                                     193,453           173,252
 Customer loans                                                                                          129               210
 Less: Allowance for expected credit losses (customer loans)                                            (129)             (210)
                                                                                                            –                –
 Other receivables                                                                                    35,733           24,091
 Prepayments                                                                                          10,407           12,483
                                                                                                      46,140            36,574
                                                                                                     239,593           209,826

Trade receivables are non‑interest bearing and repayment terms vary by business unit. The total allowance for expected
credit losses is $4,823,000 (2022: $6,993,000).
Customer loans relate to loans with franchisees. Loans with repayment terms of less than twelve months are classified as
current. Total customer loans balance of $129,000 is non‑interest bearing (2022: $210,000).
Other receivables relate to rebates and other non‑trading receivables which are non‑interest bearing. Receivables with
repayment terms of less than twelve months are classified as current. These receivables are all neither past due nor impaired.
The ageing of the net trade receivables and loans above are as follows:

                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                        $’000             $’000
 Current and not due                                                                                 126,827           110,554
 31 – 60 days                                                                                         46,620            45,694
 61 – 90 days                                                                                          8,275             9,034
 91+ days                                                                                             11,731             7,970
                                                                                                     193,453           173,252

Movements in the allowance for expected credit losses of trade receivables and customer loans are as follows:

                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                        $’000             $’000
 Opening balance                                                                                       6,993             7,381
 Net additional provisions recognised/(de‑recognised)                                                   (371)                5
 Additions through business combinations                                                                    –               69
 Amounts utilised for debt write‑off                                                                   (1,801)            (451)
 Foreign currency translation                                                                               2              (11)
 Closing balance                                                                                       4,823             6,993

Bapcor de‑recognised $(371,000) in respect of impaired receivables during the financial year (2022: recognised $5,000).

100
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



  Significant accounting policies
  Trade receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
  interest method, less any allowance for specific debtors and general expected credit losses. Trade receivables are
  generally due for settlement within 30 to 60 days.
  Other receivables are recognised at amortised cost, less any allowance for specific debtors and general expected
  credit losses.

  Impairment
  The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk, whereby
  specific provision will be applied to trade and other receivables not expected to be collected and expected credit losses
  associated with the trade and other receivables.
  In assessing the expected credit losses, the consolidated entity first considers any specific debtors that have objective
  evidence that the consolidated entity will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the
  receivables, taking into consideration the indicators of significant financial difficulties of the debtor, probability that
  the debtor will enter bankruptcy and default or delinquency in payments. The consolidated entity then applies the
  simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance, on the
  balance of receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on ageing.

  Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
  The allowance for expected credit losses assessment requires a degree of estimation and judgement. It is assessed
  by taking into account the ageing of receivables, historical collection rates and specific knowledge of the individual
  debtor’s financial position.




Note 9. Inventories
                                                                                                          CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                          $’000             $’000
 Current assets
 Stock in transit – at cost                                                                             23,722            46,878
 Stock on hand – at cost                                                                               550,102           550,246
 Less: Provision for slow moving inventory                                                             (54,165)          (58,436)
                                                                                                       495,937           491,810
                                                                                                       519,659           538,688

Total inventories at cost have decreased by $23.3M since 30 June 2022, due to improvements in managing inventory holdings
and driving better efficiencies across the Group.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                       101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Movements in provision for slow moving inventory
                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                        $’000             $’000
 Opening balance                                                                                     (58,436)          (53,792)
 Additional provisions released                                                                        4,523             (5,751)
 Additions through business combinations                                                               (2,518)           (3,594)
 Inventory written off against provision                                                               2,378             4,512
 Foreign currency translation                                                                            (112)               189
 Closing balance                                                                                      (54,165)         (58,436)


  Significant accounting policies
  Stock in transit is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises of purchase and delivery costs,
  net of rebates and discounts received or receivable.
  Stock on hand is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises of purchase and delivery costs,
  net of rebates and discounts received or receivable.
  The provision for slow moving inventory represents inventory held in excess of expected sales over defined periods
  or where the net realisable value is expected to be negligible.

  Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
  The provision for slow moving inventory assessment requires a degree of estimation and judgement. The level of the
  provision is assessed by taking into account the recent sales experience and other factors that affect
  inventory obsolescence.




Note 10. Right‑of‑use assets
                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                        $’000             $’000
 Non‑current assets
 Properties – right‑of‑use                                                                           504,785           387,719
 Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                     (221,275)          (158,149)
                                                                                                     283,510           229,570
 Motor vehicles – right‑of‑use                                                                         4,531             4,626
 Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                        (4,266)           (3,997)
                                                                                                         265                 629
                                                                                                     283,775           230,199

The large increase in property right‑of‑use assets in FY23 was primarily due to $49.5M recognised on commencement of the
lease for the Distribution Centre in Queensland as well as $52.5M of option remeasurements. There was a corresponding
increase to the property lease liability by the same amount. Refer to note 17.




102
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Reconciliations
Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set
out below:

                                                                                                         MOTOR
                                                                                     PROPERTY          VEHICLES             TOTAL
 CONSOLIDATED                                                                             $’000            $’000            $’000
 Balance at 1 July 2021                                                                196,693            1,290         197,983
 Additions                                                                              38,027                –          38,027
 Additions through business combinations (note 29)                                       2,317                –             2,317
 Disposals                                                                              (4,526)              (6)          (4,532)
 Remeasurements1                                                                        56,155              290          56,445
 Foreign currency translation                                                             (644)              (9)            (653)
 Depreciation expense                                                                  (57,899)            (936)        (58,835)
 Accelerated depreciation expense2                                                        (553)               –             (553)
 Balance at 30 June 2022                                                              229,570               629         230,199
 Additions                                                                              66,298                –          66,298
 Additions through business combinations (note 29)                                         816                –              816
 Disposals                                                                              (3,693)               –           (3,693)
 Remeasurements1                                                                        54,024              119          54,143
 Foreign currency translation                                                              263                5              268
 Depreciation expense                                                                  (62,279)            (487)         (62,766)
 Accelerated depreciation expense2                                                      (1,490)               –           (1,490)
 Balance at 30 June 2023                                                              283,509               266         283,775

(1) Remeasurements occur when options to renew that were previously excluded are subsequently included or when rentals change due
    to non‑fixed rent reviews, causing an adjustment to both right‑of‑use asset and lease liability balances.
(2) Accelerated depreciation relates to the DC Consolidation projects and is based on the estimated exit dates of each site.


   Significant accounting policies
   A right‑of‑use asset is recognised at the commencement date of a lease. The right‑of‑use asset is measured at cost,
   which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability, adjusted for, as applicable, any lease payments made at or
   before the commencement date net of any lease incentives received, any initial direct costs incurred, and, except
   where included in the cost of inventories, an estimate of costs expected to be incurred for dismantling and removing
   the underlying asset, and restoring the site or asset.
   Right‑of‑use assets are depreciated on a straight‑line basis over the unexpired period of the lease or the estimated
   useful life of the asset, whichever is the shorter. Where the consolidated entity expects to obtain ownership of the
   leased asset at the end of the lease term, the depreciation is over its estimated useful life. Right‑of use assets are
   subject to impairment or adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
   The consolidated entity has elected not to recognise a right‑of‑use asset and corresponding lease liability for
   short‑term leases with terms of twelve months or less and leases of low‑value assets. Lease payments on these
   assets are expensed to profit or loss as incurred.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                      103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 11. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                                                  $’000             $’000
 Non‑current assets
 Plant and equipment – at cost                                                                                 173,195            150,817
 Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                                (83,455)           (67,348)
                                                                                                                89,740            83,469
 Motor vehicles – at cost                                                                                       51,804             47,404
 Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                                (26,326)           (23,949)
                                                                                                                25,478            23,455
                                                                                                               115,218            106,924

The amount of work in progress included in plant and equipment is $10,402,000 (2022: $8,669,000) and relates to projects
that are not yet completed and therefore are not being depreciated. The work in progress balance in both FY23 and FY22
predominately relate to the Queensland DC consolidation project.

Reconciliations
Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out below:

                                                                                           PLANT AND            MOTOR
                                                                                           EQUIPMENT          VEHICLES              TOTAL
 CONSOLIDATED                                                                                   $’000             $’000             $’000
 Balance at 1 July 2021                                                                       78,730            21,258             99,988
 Additions                                                                                    34,074             9,503            43,577
 Additions through business combinations (note 29)                                               507               208               715
 Disposals1                                                                                  (14,326)              (693)          (15,019)
 Foreign currency translation                                                                    (160)              (78)             (238)
 Accelerated depreciation expense2                                                              (822)                 –              (822)
 Depreciation expense                                                                        (14,534)            (6,743)          (21,277)
 Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                      83,469            23,455            106,924
 Additions                                                                                    31,803            10,472            42,275
 Additions through business combinations (note 29)                                                 55                 –               55
 Disposals 3                                                                                   (9,594)             (829)          (10,423)
 Foreign currency translation                                                                      60                 2                62
 Accelerated depreciation expense2                                                              (822)                 –              (822)
 Depreciation expense                                                                        (15,233)            (7,620)          (22,853)
 Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                      89,738            25,480            115,218

(1) Disposals for plant and equipment includes the sale of assets for $13.7M to Australia Pacific Airports (Melbourne) Pty Ltd.
(2) Accelerated depreciation relates to the DC Consolidation projects and is based on the estimated exit dates of each site.
(3) Disposals for plant and equipment includes the fit‑out contribution of $8.5M for the Queensland DC.




104
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



  Significant accounting policies
  Plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. Historical cost
  includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
  Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
  when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the consolidated entity and the
  cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset
  is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the reporting
  period in which they are incurred.
  Depreciation is calculated on a straight‑line basis to write off the net cost of each item of plant and equipment over
  their expected useful lives as follows:
  Plant and equipment           2‑15 years
  Motor vehicles                3‑7 years
  The residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each
  reporting date.
  An item of plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when there is no future economic benefit to the
  consolidated entity. Gains and losses between the carrying amount and the disposal proceeds are taken to profit
  or loss. Any revaluation surplus reserve relating to the item disposed of is transferred directly to retained profits.

  Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
  The consolidated entity determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its property, plant
  and equipment assets. The useful lives could change significantly as a result of technical innovations or some other
  event. The depreciation will increase where the useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or technically
  obsolete or non‑strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold will be written off or written down.




Note 12. Intangibles
                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                                          $’000              $’000
 Non‑current assets
 Goodwill                                                                                             697,374           677,382
 Trademarks                                                                                            59,058              58,973
 Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                                         (1,346)             (1,346)
                                                                                                        57,712             57,627
 Customer contracts                                                                                    25,900              25,899
 Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                                        (13,891)            (12,091)
                                                                                                       12,009              13,808
 Software                                                                                              57,436              49,837
 Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                                        (25,791)            (18,866)
                                                                                                       31,645              30,971
                                                                                                      798,740           779,788

The amount of work in progress included in software is $5,549,000 (2022: $12,444,000) and relates to eCommerce, inventory
and rostering management projects that are not yet completed and therefore are not being amortised.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                       105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Reconciliations
Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out below:

                                                                                     CUSTOMER         COMPUTER
                                                     GOODWILL     TRADEMARKS        CONTRACTS         SOFTWARE             TOTAL
    CONSOLIDATED                                        $’000            $’000            $’000            $’000           $’000
    Balance at 1 July 2021                            667,879          57,741           15,636          22,628          763,884
    Additions                                               –               –                –          13,824           13,824
    Additions through business combinations
    (note 29)                                         13,582                –                –                  –        13,582
    Foreign currency translation                       (4,079)           (114)              15              (28)          (4,206)
    Amortisation expense                                    –               –           (1,843)          (5,453)          (7,296)
    Balance at 30 June 2022                          677,382           57,627           13,808          30,971          779,788
    Additions                                               –               –                –            7,594            7,594
    Additions through business combinations
    (note 29)                                          17,489               –                –                  –        17,489
    Disposals                                               –               –                –               (2)              (2)
    Foreign currency translation                       2,503               85                1                  7         2,596
    Amortisation expense                                    –               –           (1,800)          (6,925)          (8,725)
    Balance at 30 June 2023                           697,374          57,712           12,009          31,645          798,740


Impairment testing
Impairment testing of assets including goodwill and other intangible assets occurs each year on 31 March balances or when
impairment indicators arise. The recoverable amount of assets including goodwill and other indefinite useful life intangible
assets is determined based on value‑in‑use calculations at an individual or a combination of cash‑generating units (‘CGU’)
up to the operating segment level. These calculations require the use of key assumptions on which management has based
its cash flow projections, as well as pre‑tax discount rates. The testing was assessed up until the date of this financial report.
Cash flow projections were based on management forecast expectations based on the FY24 budget and the latest five year
forecast model. This has been compiled based on past experience, current performance and market position as well as
structural changes and economic factors which have been derived based on external data and internal analysis.
The following key assumptions were used in testing for impairment:
›    Pre‑tax discount rate: 13.00% for Australian CGUs;13.75% for New Zealand CGU (2022:12.60% for Australian CGUs and
     13.40% for New Zealand CGUs)
›    Terminal value growth rate beyond 5 years: 2.50% for Australian CGUs and 2.00% for New Zealand CGUs (2022: 2.65%
     for all CGUs)
›    Forecast year on year revenue and EBITDA margin growth ranges as follows:

    CGU                                       REVENUE GROWTH AVERAGE                    EBITDA MARGIN GROWTH AVERAGE
    Bapcor Trade                              5.5%                                      0.3 percentage points
    Bapcor Specialist Wholesale               5.5%                                      0.1 percentage points
    Bapcor Retail                             4.9%                                      0.2 percentage points
    Bapcor New Zealand                        5.4%                                      0.2 percentage points

A reasonable possible change in assumptions would not cause the carrying value of any CGU to exceed its recoverable
amount, except for the Bapcor Retail and Bapcor New Zealand CGUs, which remain relatively more sensitive to changes in
trading conditions. The following tables show sensitivities based on a set of possible changes in assumptions to the major
financial metric percentages within the calculations, and the resulting change to the headroom.




106
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Bapcor Retail CGU
The recoverable amount of the Retail CGU is estimated to exceed its carrying amount at 30 June 2023 by $83.4M.

 FINANCIAL METRIC                         +5% CHANGE                              -5% CHANGE
 Discount rate                            Decrease headroom to $54.8M             Increase headroom to $116.1M
 Revenue growth (average)                 Increase headroom to $86.9M             Decrease headroom to $79.9M
 EBITDA margin (average)                  Increase headroom to $107.5M            Decrease headroom to $59.2M
 Terminal growth rate                     Increase headroom to $99.9M             Decrease headroom to $66.8M


Bapcor New Zealand CGU (NZD)
The recoverable amount of the Bapcor New Zealand CGU is estimated to exceed its carrying amount at 30 June 2023 by
$20.2M.

 FINANCIAL METRIC           +5% CHANGE            -5% CHANGE              +10% CHANGE              -10% CHANGE
 Discount rate              Decrease headroom     Increase headroom
                            to $4.7M              to $37.7M
 Revenue growth             Increase headroom     Decrease headroom       Decrease headroom        Decrease headroom
 (average)                  to $22.1M             to $18.3M               to $17.0M                to $15.4M
 EBITDA margin              Increase headroom     Decrease headroom
 (average)                  to $36.0M             to $4.4M                Impairment of $6.6M      Impairment of $18.2M
 Terminal growth rate       Increase headroom     Decrease headroom
                            to $29.5M             to $10.8M

The balances of goodwill and other intangible assets excluding computer software allocated to each segment as at
30 June were:

                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                    $’000             $’000
 Goodwill:
 Trade                                                                                           117,048           117,048
 Specialist Wholesale                                                                            286,617           273,792
 Retail                                                                                          146,077           141,413
 Bapcor NZ                                                                                       147,632           145,129
                                                                                                 697,374           677,382

                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                    $’000             $’000
 Other intangible assets:
 Trade                                                                                                 9                26
 Specialist Wholesale                                                                             18,097            18,097
 Retail                                                                                           46,330            48,193
 Bapcor NZ                                                                                         5,285             5,119
                                                                                                  69,721            71,435




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



  Significant accounting policies
  Intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination, other than goodwill, are initially measured at their fair
  value at the date of the acquisition. Intangible assets acquired separately are initially recognised at cost. Indefinite life
  intangible assets are not amortised and are subsequently measured at cost less any impairment. Finite life intangible
  assets are subsequently measured at cost less amortisation and any impairment. The gains or losses recognised in
  profit or loss arising from the derecognition of intangible assets are measured as the difference between net disposal
  proceeds and the carrying amount of the intangible asset. The method and useful lives of finite life intangible assets
  are reviewed annually. Changes in the expected pattern of consumption or useful life are accounted for prospectively
  by changing the amortisation method or period.

  Goodwill
  Goodwill arises on the acquisition of a business. Goodwill is not amortised. Instead, goodwill is tested annually for
  impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried
  at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are taken to profit or loss and are not
  subsequently reversed.

  Trademarks
  Tradenames (including brands) are recognised as intangible assets where a registered trademark is acquired with
  attributable value. They are valued using a relief from royalty method and are considered indefinite life intangibles
  and are not amortised unless there is an intention to discontinue their use in which it is amortised over the estimated
  remaining useful life.

  Customer contracts
  Customer contracts acquired in a business combination are amortised on a straight‑line basis over the period of their
  expected benefit, being their finite life which is currently between 10 and 20 years.

  Software
  Costs incurred in acquiring, developing, and implementing new software are recognised as intangible assets only when
  it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the consolidated entity and the cost of
  the item can be measured reliably. The expenditure capitalised comprises all directly attributable costs, including
  costs of materials, services, licenses and direct labour. Software is amortised on a straight‑line basis over the period
  of their expected benefit, being their finite life which is currently between 2 and 5 years. Large scale projects are
  individually assessed as part of the approval process and determination of finite life may exceed this range.
  Costs relating to the configuration and customisation of application software relating to a Software as a Service
  (‘SaaS’) arrangement are expensed when services are received, unless an asset that is under control of the
  consolidated entity can be separately identified.

  Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
  The consolidated entity determines the estimated useful lives and related amortisation charges for its finite life
  intangible assets. The useful lives could change significantly as a result of technical innovations or some other event.
  The amortisation charge will increase where the useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or technically
  obsolete or non‑strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold will be written off or written down.
  The consolidated entity tests annually, or more frequently, if events or changes in circumstances indicate impairment,
  whether goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets have suffered any impairment, in accordance with the
  accounting policy above. The recoverable amounts of cash‑generating units have been determined based on value‑in‑use
  calculations. These calculations require the use of assumptions, including estimated discount rates based on the current
  cost of capital and growth rates of the estimated future cash flows.




108
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 13. Investments accounted for using the equity method
                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                      $’000             $’000
 Non‑current assets
 Investment in Tye Soon Limited (25% ownership)                                                     10,997             9,071
 Reconciliation
 Reconciliation of the carrying amounts at the beginning and end of the current and
 previous financial year are set out below:
 Opening carrying amount                                                                             9,071             8,102
 Profit after income tax                                                                             1,937             1,296
 Other comprehensive income                                                                           (672)             (721)
 Foreign currency translation                                                                          661               394
 Closing carrying amount                                                                            10,997             9,071

Bapcor assessed the recoverable amount of this investment for impairment as at 30 June 2023 under the methodologies
prescribed by AASB 136 Impairment of Assets utilising the publicly available share price on that date. The carrying value
of the investment in Tye Soon is currently based on SGD $0.37 per share. The closing share price on 30 June 2023 was SGD
$0.37 per share which indicates no further impairment required.
The reported total of profit after income tax and other comprehensive income of $1,265,000 (FY22: $575,000) has been
estimated using the latest publicly available information on the Singapore Securities Exchange which is the Tye Soon Limited
full‑year financial report ended 31 December 2022.



Note 14. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                      $’000             $’000
 Current liabilities
 Trade payables                                                                                    210,624           176,971
 Accrued expenses                                                                                   49,316            59,590
                                                                                                   259,940           236,561

Refer to note 27 for further information on financial risk management.


  Significant accounting policies
  Trade payable and accrued expense amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the consolidated
  entity prior to the end of the financial year and which are unpaid. Due to their short‑term nature they are measured
  at amortised cost and are not discounted. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 to 90 days
  of recognition.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                  109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 15. Provisions
                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                                         $’000            $’000
 Current liabilities
 Employee benefits                                                                                     40,940           39,154
 Deferred settlements                                                                                        –           1,006
 Lease make good                                                                                        3,675            2,884
 Restructuring                                                                                          2,891            2,914
                                                                                                       47,506           45,958
 Non‑current liabilities
 Employee benefits                                                                                      3,649            3,661
 Deferred settlements                                                                                    1,125             125
 Lease make good                                                                                       12,390           12,958
                                                                                                        17,164          16,744
                                                                                                       64,670           62,702


Deferred settlements
This provision represents the obligation to pay consideration following the acquisition of a business. It is measured at the
present value of the estimated liability.

Lease make good
The provision represents the present value of the estimated costs to make good the premises leased by the consolidated
entity at the end of the respective lease terms.

Restructuring
This provision represents the estimated termination costs relating to the closure of a number of locations for the Victorian
and Queensland DC consolidation projects.

Movements in provisions
Movements in each class of provisions during the current financial year, other than employee benefits, are set out below:

                                                                                    DEFERRED       LEASE MAKE
                                                                                 SETTLEMENTS             GOOD    RESTRUCTURING
 CONSOLIDATED – 2023                                                                     $’000           $’000            $’000
 Carrying amount at the start of the year                                               1,131          15,842            2,914
 Additional provisions recognised                                                           –             408                  –
 Additions through business combinations (note 29)                                      1,000             397                  –
 Amounts used                                                                          (1,006)           (599)             (23)
 Foreign currency translation                                                               –              17                  –
 Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                 1,125          16,065            2,891




110
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Amounts not expected to be settled within the next 12 months
The current provision for employee benefits includes all unconditional entitlements where employees have completed
the required period of service and also those where employees are entitled to pro‑rata payments in certain circumstances.
The entire amount is presented as current, since the consolidated entity does not have an unconditional right to defer
settlement. However, based on past experience, the consolidated entity does not expect all employees to take the full
amount of accrued leave or require payment within the next twelve months.
The following amounts reflect leave that is not expected to be taken within the next twelve months:

                                                                                                                CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                                                $’000             $’000
 Employee benefits obligation expected to be settled after twelve months                                       3,456             6,513


  Significant accounting policies
  Provisions
  Provisions are recognised when the consolidated entity has a present (legal or constructive) obligation as a result of a
  past event, it is probable the consolidated entity will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be
  made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration
  required to settle the present obligation at the reporting date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding
  the obligation. If the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre‑tax rate specific to the
  liability. The increase in the provision resulting from the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.

  Short‑term employee benefits
  Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non‑monetary benefits, annual leave and long service leave expected to be
  settled wholly within twelve months of the reporting date are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the
  liabilities are settled.

  Long‑term employee benefits
  The liability for annual leave and long service leave not expected to be settled within twelve months of the reporting
  date are measured at the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by
  employees up to the reporting date using the projected unit credit method. Consideration is given to expected future
  wage and salary levels, experience of employee departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are
  discounted using market yields at the reporting date on corporate bonds with terms to maturity and currency that
  match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows.

  Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
  The deferred settlements liability is the difference between the total purchase consideration, usually on an acquisition
  of a business combination, and the amounts paid or settled up to the reporting date, discounted to net present value.
  The consolidated entity applies provisional accounting for any business combination. Any reassessment of the liability
  during the provisional period is adjusted for retrospectively as part of the fair value of consideration. Thereafter, at each
  reporting date, the deferred settlement liability is reassessed against revised estimates and any increase or decrease in
  the net present value of the liability will result in a corresponding gain or loss to profit or loss. The increase in the liability
  resulting from the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                               111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 16. Borrowings
                                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                  2023               2022
                                                                                                                  $’000              $’000
    Non‑current liabilities
    Secured bank loans                                                                                        333,468             348,287
    Less: unamortised transaction costs capitalised                                                             (2,330)            (1,585)
                                                                                                               331,138            346,702

Refer to note 27 for further information on financial risk management.

Refinancing
In June 2023, Bapcor successfully refinanced $150M of debt facilities due to mature in July 2024, with two new tranches
totalling $250M split into tenors maturing in July 2027 and July 2028. Following the completion of this debt refinance,
Bapcor has access to a $620M debt facility with a staggered maturity profile of Jul‑25, Jul‑26, Jul‑27 and Jul‑28 with ANZ,
Westpac, MUFG Bank, HSBC, NAB, Citi and MetLife. The revised debt facility comprises the following tranches:
›     $200M three year tranche (existing), available for general corporate purposes – expires July 2025;
›     $100M seven year tranche (existing), available for general corporate purposes – expires July 2026;
›     $70M four year tranche (existing), available for working capital purpose – expires July 2026;
›     $135M four year tranche (revised), available for general corporate purpose – expires July 2027; and
›     $115M five year tranche (revised), available for general corporate purposes – expires July 2028.
The facility is secured by way of a fixed and floating charge over Bapcor’s assets. There were no changes to the debt
covenants with the net leverage ratio being less than 3.0X and the fixed cover charge ratio being greater than 1.75X
(on a pre‑AASB 16 basis).
Establishment costs incurred during the refinancing are capitalised and amortised over the life of the refinanced
tranches (extended periods only) and will be expensed to finance costs as effective interest expense in the statement of
comprehensive income. As part of the refinancing process, no pre‑existing capitalised borrowing costs were required
to be expensed as the refinancing costs incurred relate to the extension periods of the tranche tenor only, and as such the
pre‑existing capitalised borrowing costs will continue to be amortised as per the original amortisation period identified.

Financing arrangements
Unrestricted access was available at the reporting date to the following lines of credit:

                                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                  2023               2022
                                                                                                                  $’000              $’000
    Total facilities
    Bank loans1                                                                                                589,100            489,200
    Used at the reporting date
    Bank loans1                                                                                               333,468             348,287
    Unused at the reporting date
    Bank loans1                                                                                               255,632             140,913

(1) Total facilities available at 30 June was $620.0M (2022: $520.0M). The amount used in the above table excludes $30.9M
    (2022: $30.8M) of facility which relates to bank overdraft $25.0M (2022: $25.0M), credit cards $1.1M (2022: $1.1M) and bank
    guarantees $4.8M (2022: $4.7M).




112
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Net debt reconciliation
                                                                                                                 CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                                                 $’000               $’000
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     78,634              80,213
 Lease liabilities                                                                                           (311,279)           (253,009)
 Borrowings excluding unamortised transaction costs capitalised                                             (333,468)            (348,287)
 Net debt                                                                                                    (566,113)           (521,083)
 Add: Lease liabilities                                                                                       311,279            253,009
 Add: Net derivative financial instruments                                                                      3,138               6,049
 Pro‑forma net debt as per debt facility agreement                                                           (251,696)           (262,025)

A reconciliation of statutory net debt at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year is set out below:

                                                                                               LEASE
                                                                             CASH        LIABILITIES1     BORROWINGS                TOTAL
 CONSOLIDATED                                                                $’000             $’000             $’000               $’000
 Balance at 30 June 2021                                                   39,598          (226,330)         (205,472)           (392,204)
 Cash flows                                                                40,106            69,989          (143,049)            (32,954)
 Other                                                                        509           (96,668)              234             (95,925)
 Balance at 30 June 2022                                                   80,213          (253,009)        (348,287)            (521,083)
 Cash flows                                                                 (2,492)          66,290            15,000              78,798
 Other                                                                        913          (124,560)              (181)          (123,828)
 Balance at 30 June 2023                                                   78,634          (311,279)        (333,468)            (566,113)

(1) The other movements in lease liabilities consists of recognition of new leases and remeasurements as described in note 10.
Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is
probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs.
To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is amortised
on a straight‑line basis over the term of the facility.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                               113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 17. Lease liabilities
                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                                            $’000             $’000
 Current liabilities
 Lease liability – Properties                                                                             71,863           64,544
 Lease liability – Motor vehicles                                                                            232                 523
                                                                                                          72,095            65,067
 Non‑current liabilities
 Lease liability – Properties                                                                            239,138           187,834
 Lease liability – Motor vehicles                                                                             46                 108
                                                                                                         239,184           187,942
                                                                                                         311,279           253,009

The large increase in property lease liabilities in FY23 was primarily due to $49.5M recognised on commencement of the
lease for the Distribution Centre in Queensland. There was a corresponding increase to the right‑of‑use assets by the same
amount (refer to note 10).
Refer to note 27 for further information on financial risk management.


      Significant accounting policies
      A lease liability is recognised at the commencement date of a lease. The lease liability is initially recognised at the
      present value of the lease payments to be made over the term of the lease, discounted using the interest rate implicit
      in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the consolidated entity’s incremental borrowing rate. Lease
      payments comprise of fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an
      index or a rate, amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees, exercise price of a purchase option when
      the exercise of the option is reasonably certain to occur, and any anticipated termination penalties. The variable lease
      payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
      Lease liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The carrying amounts are
      remeasured if there is a change in the following: future lease payments arising from a change in an index or a rate
      used; residual guarantee; lease term; certainty of a purchase option and termination penalties. When a lease liability
      is remeasured, an adjustment is made to the corresponding right‑of use asset, or to profit or loss if the carrying
      amount of the right‑of‑use asset is fully written down.

      Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
      In determining the lease term, the consolidated entity considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic
      incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after
      termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not
      terminated) and the option is due within the next 12‑24 months. The assessment is reviewed on an ongoing basis
      as well as if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability
      to exercise (or not to exercise) any option to renew.




114
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 18. Derivative financial instruments
                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                                         $’000            $’000
 Current assets
 Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                                  3,381            6,393
 Current liabilities
 Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                                   (243)            (344)
                                                                                                         3,138           6,049

Refer to note 27 for further information on financial risk management.
Refer to note 19 for further information on fair value measurement.


  Significant accounting policies
  Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently
  remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends
  on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.
  Derivatives are classified as current or non‑current depending on the expected period of realisation.

  Cash flow hedges
  Cash flow hedges are used to cover the consolidated entity’s exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable
  to particular risks associated with a recognised asset or liability or a firm commitment which could affect profit or
  loss. The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in other comprehensive income
  through the cash flow hedges reserve in equity, whilst the ineffective portion is recognised in profit or loss. Amounts
  taken to equity are transferred out of equity and included in the measurement of the hedged transaction when the
  forecast transaction occurs.
  Cash flow hedges are tested for effectiveness on a regular basis both retrospectively and prospectively to ensure that
  each hedge is highly effective and continues to be designated as a cash flow hedge. If the forecast transaction is no
  longer expected to occur, the amounts recognised in equity are transferred to profit or loss.
  If the hedging instrument is sold, terminated, expires, exercised without replacement or rollover, or if the hedge
  becomes ineffective and is no longer a designated hedge, the amounts previously recognised in equity remain in
  equity until the forecast transaction occurs.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                     115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 19. Fair value measurement
Fair value hierarchy
The following tables detail the consolidated entity’s financial instruments, measured or disclosed at fair value, using a three
level hierarchy, based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement, being:
›     Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the
      measurement date.
›     Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
      or indirectly.
›     Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

                                                                          LEVEL 1          LEVEL 2          LEVEL 3            TOTAL
    CONSOLIDATED – 2023                                                      $’000            $’000            $’000            $’000
    Assets
    Derivative financial instruments                                            –            3,381                –            3,381
    Total assets                                                                –            3,381                –            3,381
    Liabilities
    Derivative financial instruments                                            –             243                 –             243
    Deferred settlements                                                        –                –            1,125            1,125
    Total liabilities                                                           –             243             1,125            1,368

                                                                          LEVEL 1          LEVEL 2          LEVEL 3            TOTAL
    CONSOLIDATED – 2022                                                      $’000            $’000            $’000            $’000
    Assets
    Derivative financial instruments                                            –            6,393                –            6,393
    Total assets                                                                –            6,393                –            6,393
    Liabilities
    Derivative financial instruments                                            –             344                 –             344
    Deferred settlements                                                        –                –            1,131            1,131
    Total liabilities                                                           –             344             1,131            1,475

There were no transfers between levels during the financial year.
Derivative financial instruments carried at fair value are forward foreign exchange contracts and floating interest rate to
fixed interest rate swaps. These are considered to be Level 2 financial instruments because their measurement is derived
from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
or indirectly.
Deferred settlements are considered to be a Level 3 financial instrument because inputs in valuing this instrument are not
based on observable market data. The fair value of this instrument is determined based on an estimated discounted cash
flow analysis.




116
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



  Significant accounting policies
  When an asset or liability, financial or non‑financial, is measured at fair value for recognition or disclosure purposes,
  the fair value is based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
  transaction between market participants at the measurement date; and assumes that the transaction will take place
  either: in the principal market; or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market.
  Fair value is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,
  assuming they act in their economic best interests. For non‑financial assets, the fair value measurement is based on
  its highest and best use. Valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
  are available to measure fair value, are used, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use
  of unobservable inputs.
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified into three levels, using a fair value hierarchy that reflects
  the significance of the inputs used in making the measurements. Classifications are reviewed at each reporting date
  and transfers between levels are determined based on a reassessment of the lowest level of input that is significant
  to the fair value measurement.
  For recurring and non‑recurring fair value measurements, external valuers may be used when internal expertise is
  either not available or when the valuation is deemed to be significant. External valuers are selected based on market
  knowledge and reputation. Where there is a significant change in fair value of an asset or liability from one period to
  another, an analysis is undertaken, which includes a verification of the major inputs applied in the latest valuation and
  a comparison, where applicable, with external sources of data.




Note 20. Issued capital
                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED
                                                                         2023             2022             2023                2022
                                                                       SHARES           SHARES             $’000               $’000
 Ordinary shares                                                 339,412,500      339,412,500           878,652         878,652
 Treasury shares                                                            –                –          (10,680)         (10,680)
                                                                 339,412,500      339,412,500           867,972          867,972

There was no movement in ordinary share capital during the current year.

Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the company in
proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. The fully paid ordinary shares have no par value and the
company does not have a limited amount of authorised capital.
On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and upon a poll each share
shall have one vote.

Treasury shares
The average purchase price of treasury shares during the period was nil (2022: nil) per share.


  Significant accounting policies
  Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
  Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of
  tax, from the proceeds.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                         117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 21. Reserves
                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                         2023            2022
                                                                                                         $’000           $’000
 Foreign currency reserve                                                                              (9,816)         (13,456)
 Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                2,232           4,253
 Share‑based payments reserve                                                                          12,042          12,352
                                                                                                       4,458             3,149


Foreign currency reserve
This reserve is used to recognise exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign
operations to Australian dollars.

Cash flow hedge reserve
This reserve is used to recognise the effective portion of the gain or loss of cash flow hedge instruments that is determined
to be an effective hedge.

Share‑based payments reserve
This reserve is used to recognise the value of equity benefits provided to employees and directors as part of their
remuneration, and other parties as part of their compensation for services.

Movements in reserves
Movements in each class of reserve during the current and previous financial year are set out below:

                                                                    FOREIGN                      SHARE‑BASED
                                                                   CURRENCY        CASH FLOW       PAYMENTS
                                                                    RESERVE     HEDGE RESERVE        RESERVE             TOTAL
 CONSOLIDATED                                                           $’000           $’000            $’000           $’000
 Balance at 1 July 2021                                               (6,883)          1,208           14,087            8,412
 Revaluation                                                               –           4,324                –           4,324
 Deferred tax                                                              –           (1,279)         (1,254)          (2,533)
 Share‑based payment expense                                               –                –            (481)            (481)
 Foreign currency translation                                         (6,573)               –               –           (6,573)
 Balance at 30 June 2022                                             (13,456)          4,253           12,352            3,149
 Revaluation                                                               –           (3,023)              –           (3,023)
 Deferred tax                                                              –           1,002              (51)            951
 Share‑based payment expense                                               –                –            (259)            (259)
 Foreign currency translation                                         3,640                 –               –           3,640
 Balance at 30 June 2023                                              (9,816)          2,232           12,042           4,458




118
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 22. Retained profits
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                                           $’000             $’000
 Retained profits at the beginning of the financial year                                                219,888           165,406
 Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                          106,448            125,759
 Dividends paid (note 24)                                                                               (74,671)          (71,277)
 Retained profits at the end of the financial year                                                      251,665           219,888



Note 23. Non‑controlling interest
Investment in Car Bits Asia, Thailand
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                                           $’000             $’000
 Opening balance                                                                                          1,248             1,405
 Non‑controlling interest capital injection                                                                   –                 78
 Non‑controlling interest loss for the financial year                                                      (279)             (204)
 Foreign currency translation                                                                                41                 (31)
 Closing balance                                                                                          1,010             1,248

In March 2018, the consolidated group entered into a tri‑party joint venture in Thailand of the incorporated entity Car Bits
Asia., Co. Ltd for the purposes of opening Burson stores in Thailand. The consolidated group currently holds 58% of the
shares and is considered to have effective control.

Investment in FiiViQ
In April 2022 Bapcor acquired a 50.5% controlling interest in FiiViQ Pty Ltd (‘FiiViQ’) to support Bapcor’s digital strategy.
Their immaterial loss has been included in the table above.



Note 24. Dividends
Dividends
Dividends paid during the financial year were as follows:

                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                                           $’000             $’000
 Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 of 11.5 cents (2021: 11.0 cents) per
 ordinary share                                                                                          39,033            37,335
 Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2023 of 10.5 cents (2022: 10.0 cents) per
 ordinary share                                                                                          35,638            33,942
                                                                                                         74,671            71,277

The Board has declared a final dividend in respect of FY23 of 11.5 cents per share, fully franked. The final dividend will be
paid on 19 September 2023 to shareholders registered on 31 August 2023.
The final dividend takes the total dividends declared in relation to FY23 to 22.0 cents per share, fully franked, representing
an increase of dividends paid of 2.3% compared to the prior financial year. Dividends paid and declared in relation to FY23
represent 59.6% of pro‑forma net profit after tax.


Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                        119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Franking credits
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                                            $’000              $’000
    Franking credits available for subsequent financial years based on a tax rate of 30%                 137,742           128,681

The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account as at the end of the financial year, adjusted for:
›    franking credits that will arise from the payment of the amount of the provision for income tax at the reporting date;
›    franking debits that will arise from the payment of dividends recognised as a liability at the reporting date; and
›    franking credits that will arise from the receipt of dividends recognised as receivables at the reporting date.


     Significant accounting policies
     Dividends are recognised when declared during the financial year and no longer at the discretion of the company.




Note 25. Earnings per share
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                                            $’000              $’000
    Profit after income tax                                                                              106,169           125,555
    Non‑controlling interest                                                                                 279               204
    Profit after income tax attributable to the owners of Bapcor Limited                                106,448            125,759

                                                                                                           CENTS              CENTS
    Basic earnings per share                                                                               31.36              37.05
    Diluted earnings per share                                                                             31.23              36.92

                                                                                                         NUMBER              NUMBER
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating basic earnings per share         339,412,500        339,412,500
    Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
      Options over ordinary shares                                                                     1,389,679          1,187,271
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating diluted earnings per share       340,802,179        340,599,771


     Significant accounting policies
     Basic earnings per share
     Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of Bapcor Limited, excluding any
     costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
     during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the financial year and excluding
     treasury shares.

     Diluted earnings per share
     Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into
     account the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary
     shares and the weighted average number of shares assumed to have been issued for no consideration in relation
     to dilutive potential ordinary shares.




120
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 26. Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash from
operating activities
                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                                       $’000            $’000
 Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                       106,169          125,555
 Adjustments for:
 Depreciation and amortisation                                                                      96,657            88,783
 Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                 (826)            (533)
 Share of profit – associates                                                                        (1,937)            (575)
 Amortisation of capitalised borrowing costs                                                            514              669
 Non‑cash share‑based payment expense                                                                  (259)            (481)
 Lease liabilities interest unwind                                                                  14,223            11,206
 Change in operating assets and liabilities:
   Increase in trade and other receivables                                                          (18,709)          (14,711)
   Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                               22,001           (83,415)
   Decrease/(increase) in other operating assets                                                     (6,189)          12,252
   Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                                   16,841          (18,093)
   Increase in other provisions                                                                       1,408                  –
   Decrease in other operating liabilities                                                          (16,164)         (15,834)
 Net cash from operating activities                                                                213,729           104,823


  Significant accounting policies
  Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions and other short‑term,
  highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
  amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                    121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 27. Financial risk management
Financial risk management objectives
The consolidated entity’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk, price
risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The consolidated entity’s overall risk management program focuses
on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance
of the consolidated entity. The consolidated entity uses derivative financial instruments such as forward foreign exchange
contracts to hedge certain risk exposures. Derivatives are exclusively used for hedging purposes, i.e. not as trading or other
speculative instruments. The consolidated entity uses different methods to measure different types of risk to which it is
exposed. These methods include sensitivity analysis in the case of interest rate, foreign exchange and other price risks,
ageing analysis for credit risk and beta analysis in respect of investment portfolios to determine market risk.
Risk management is carried out by senior finance executives (‘finance’) under policies approved by the Board of Directors
(‘the Board’). These policies include identification and analysis of the risk exposure of the consolidated entity and appropriate
procedures, controls and risk limits. Finance identifies, evaluates and manages financial risks within the consolidated
entity’s operating units. Finance reports to the Board on a monthly basis.
The consolidated entity holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                                                                CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                                                 $’000            $’000
 Financial assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    78,634            80,213
 Trade and other receivables1                                                                                229,186           197,343
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                               3,381            6,393
 Total financial assets                                                                                       311,201          283,949
 Financial liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                                                                    259,940           236,561
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                                 243             344
 Deferred settlements                                                                                           1,125            1,131
 Borrowings2                                                                                                 333,468           348,287
 Lease liabilities                                                                                           311,279           253,009
 Total financial liabilities                                                                                 906,055           839,332

(1) Trade and other receivables in the table excludes prepayments which are not classified as financial instruments.
(2) Borrowings excludes any unamortised transaction costs capitalised.


Market risk
Foreign currency risk
The consolidated entity undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currency and is exposed to foreign currency
risk through foreign exchange rate fluctuations, primarily with respect to the United States dollar and the New Zealand dollar.
Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions, primarily the purchase of inventory for sales, recognised
financial assets and financial liabilities and net investments in foreign operations.
In order to protect against exchange rate movements, the consolidated entity has entered into forward foreign exchange
contracts. These contracts are hedging highly probable forecasted cash flows for the ensuing financial year. Management
has a risk management policy to hedge between 25% and 100% of anticipated foreign currency transactions for the
subsequent twelve months.
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a change in the Australian dollar against other currencies, with all other
variables held constant. The impact on profit before tax is due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities.



122
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


The pre‑tax impact on equity is due to changes in the fair value of forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow
hedges as well as foreign currency loans designated as net investment hedges.

                                              AUD STRENGTHENED                                    AUD WEAKENED
                                                   EFFECT ON                                         EFFECT ON
                                                PROFIT BEFORE           EFFECT ON                 PROFIT BEFORE       EFFECT ON
 CONSOLIDATED – 2023               % CHANGE               TAX              EQUITY      % CHANGE             TAX          EQUITY
 Derivative financial
 instruments                             1%                 –              1,637             –               –            (775)
 Other financial assets                  1%             (689)                  –             –             703               –
 Other financial liabilities             1%              590                   –             –            (602)              –
                                                          (99)             1,637                           101            (775)


                                                     AUD
                                                STRENGTHENED                                      AUD WEAKENED
                                                   EFFECT ON                                         EFFECT ON
                                                PROFIT BEFORE           EFFECT ON                 PROFIT BEFORE       EFFECT ON
 CONSOLIDATED – 2022               % CHANGE               TAX              EQUITY      % CHANGE             TAX          EQUITY
 Derivative financial
 instruments                             1%                 –              1,182            1%               –          (1,208)
 Other financial assets                  1%             (602)                  –            1%             614               –
 Other financial liabilities             1%              576                   –            1%            (588)              –
                                                          (26)             1,182                            26          (1,208)


Price risk
The consolidated entity is not exposed to any significant price risk.

Interest rate risk
The consolidated entity’s main interest rate risk arises from long‑term borrowings. The interest rate and term for bank
borrowings is determined at the date of each drawdown.
Borrowings obtained at variable rates expose the consolidated entity to cash flow interest rate risk. The consolidated entity,
from time to time, enters into interest rate swap contracts under which it receives interest at variable rates and pays interest
at fixed rates to manage the risk of adverse fluctuations in the floating interest rate on its borrowings. The consolidated
entity entered into interest rate swap contracts during the year ended 30 June 2023.
As at the reporting date, the consolidated entity had the following fixed and variable rate borrowings outstanding:

                                                                                2023                          2022
                                                                     WEIGHTED                         WEIGHTED
                                                                      AVERAGE                          AVERAGE
                                                                 INTEREST RATE         BALANCE    INTEREST RATE        BALANCE
 CONSOLIDATED                                                               %             $’000              %            $’000
 Borrowings (fixed)                                                       3.77%        100,000          3.77%         100,000
 Borrowings (variable)                                                    4.04%        233,468          1.41%         248,287
 Net exposure to cash flow interest rate risk                                          333,468                        348,287

As at 30 June, if the weighted average interest rate of the variable bank borrowings component had changed by a factor of
+/– 10%, interest expense would increase/decrease by $943,000 (2022: $350,000).




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                    123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


During FY23, the consolidated entity entered into interest rate swaps to hedge against risk of interest rate increases on the
variable borrowings. The total notional value of these interest rate swaps was $120.0M which mature beyond 12 months from
the 30 June 2023 reporting date.

Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the
consolidated entity. Credit risk is managed in the following ways:
1) The consolidated entity has a strict code of credit for all customers, including obtaining agency credit information,
   confirming references and setting appropriate credit limits.
2) Derivative counterparties and cash transactions are limited to high quality independently rated financial institutions
   with a minimum credit rating of ‘A’.
3) Concentrations of credit risk are minimised by undertaking transactions with a large number of customers.
4) In some instances the consolidated entity holds collateral over its trade receivables and loans in the form of personal
   guarantees and charges under the Personal Property Securities Register.
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date to recognised financial assets is the carrying amount, net of any
provisions for impairment of those assets, as disclosed in the statement of financial position and note 8. No trade receivables
have an external credit rating, and management classify trade receivables on ageing profiles.
As well as identifying specific expected credit losses, the consolidated entity has adopted a lifetime expected loss allowance
in estimating expected credit losses on the remaining trade receivable balances through the use of a provisions matrix
using fixed rates of credit loss provisioning. These provisions are considered representative across all customers of the
consolidated entity based on recent sales experience, historical collection rates and forward‑looking information that
is available.
Generally, trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators of this include
the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan, no active enforcement activity and a failure to make contractual
payments for a period greater than one year.

Liquidity risk
Vigilant liquidity risk management requires the consolidated entity to maintain sufficient liquid assets (mainly cash and
cash equivalents) and available borrowing facilities to be able to pay debts as and when they become due and payable.
The consolidated entity manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash reserves and available borrowing facilities by
continuously monitoring actual and forecast cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

Financing arrangements
Unused borrowing facilities at the reporting date:

                                                                                                               CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                                                                $’000            $’000
 Bank loans1                                                                                                255,632           140,913

(1) Total debt facilities available at 30 June was $620.0M (2022: $520.0M). The available amount applied to determine the unused amount
    in the above table excludes $30.9M (2022: $30.8M) of facility which relates to bank overdraft $25.0M (2022: $25.0M), credit cards
    $1.1M (2022: $1.1M) and bank guarantees $4.8M (2022: $4.7M). Prior year comparatives have been adjusted. Refer to note 16 for
    further details.




124
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Remaining contractual maturities
The following tables detail the consolidated entity’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial instrument liabilities.
The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on
which the financial liabilities are required to be paid. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows disclosed
as remaining contractual maturities and therefore these totals may differ from their carrying amount in the statement of
financial position.

                                                                                                                         REMAINING
                                                        1 YEAR          BETWEEN          BETWEEN              OVER     CONTRACTUAL
                                                       OR LESS     1 AND 2 YEARS    2 AND 5 YEARS          5 YEARS       MATURITIES
 CONSOLIDATED – 2023                                      $’000            $’000            $’000             $’000            $’000
 Trade and other payables                              259,940                 –                –                –          259,940
 Borrowings1                                            14,849          214,849          141,885                 –          371,583
 Deferred settlements                                    1,125                 –                –                –            1,125
 Lease liabilities                                     72,095            63,504          110,997          215,675          462,271
 Total non‑derivatives                                348,009          278,353           252,882          215,675         1,094,919
 Derivatives
 Forward foreign exchange contracts                        243                 –                –                –              243
 Total derivatives                                         243                 –                –                –              243

                                                                                                                         REMAINING
                                                        1 YEAR          BETWEEN          BETWEEN              OVER     CONTRACTUAL
                                                       OR LESS     1 AND 2 YEARS    2 AND 5 YEARS          5 YEARS       MATURITIES
 CONSOLIDATED – 2022                                      $’000            $’000            $’000             $’000            $’000
 Trade and other payables                             236,561                  –                –                –          236,561
 Borrowings1                                             8,063            8,063          232,731          130,000          378,857
 Deferred settlements                                    1,006              125                 –                –             1,131
 Lease liabilities                                      65,067           55,345           91,018           117,766          329,196
 Total non‑derivatives                                310,697            63,533          323,749           247,766          945,745
 Derivatives
 Forward foreign exchange contracts                        344                 –                –                –              344
 Total derivatives                                         344                 –                –                –              344

(1) Borrowings contractual cash flows include an interest component based on the drawn/undrawn ratio and interest rate applicable as
    at reporting date until maturity of the loan facility.


Fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities disclosed in the statement of financial position do not differ materially from
their carrying values.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                         125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Capital risk management
The consolidated entity’s policy is to maintain a capital structure for the business which ensures sufficient liquidity and
support for business operations, maintains shareholder and market confidence, provides strong stakeholder returns, and
positions the business for future growth. In assessing capital management both equity and debt instruments are taken
into consideration.
The ongoing maintenance of this policy is characterised by:
›   ongoing cash flow forecast analysis and detailed budgeting processes which, combined with continual development of
    banking relationships, is directed at providing a sound financial positioning for the consolidated entity’s operations and
    financial management activities; and
›   a capital structure that provides adequate funding for potential acquisition and investment strategies, building future
    growth in shareholder value. The loan facility can be partly used to fund significant investments as part of this
    growth strategy.
The consolidated entity is not subject to externally imposed capital requirements, other than contractual banking covenants1
and obligations. All bank lending requirements have been complied with during the year and at the date of this report, which
include the following covenants:
›   Net leverage ratio not exceeding 3.00:1 (Net Debt/EBITDA); and
›   Fixed charge cover ratio not below 1.75:1 (EBITDA plus Rent/Net Total Cash Interest plus Rent).



Note 28. Related party transactions
Parent entity
Bapcor Limited is the parent entity. Refer to note 31 for supplementary information about the parent entity including internal
dividends received.

Subsidiaries
Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 32.

Key management personnel
Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in note 33 and the remuneration report included in the
directors’ report.



Note 29. Business combinations
Current financial year acquisitions
The consolidated entity acquired the following businesses:
›   Autobarn Altona
›   Autobarn Cranbourne
›   Autobarn Frankston
›   Autobarn Dandenong
›   Autobarn Mornington
›   Autobarn Ferntree Gully
›   Autobarn Ipswich
›   Absolute Spares Pty Ltd
›   MJF Truck and Trailer Parts
›   E‑Max Australia Pty Ltd

(1) Banking covenants calculations exclude the impacts of AASB 16 Leases.


126
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


These acquisitions were made to strengthen the Bapcor offering as well as increase the company store network presence.
On 12 May 2023, Bapcor completed the acquisition of E‑Max Australia, a leading specialist product provider in the Australian
truck market. The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the E‑Max Australia acquisition is set out below. Stores and
smaller business combinations have been aggregated. These are provisional at the time of this report and the fair values are
to be finalised within the acquisition period of twelve months from acquisition date.

                                                                                       E‑MAX            OTHER
                                                                                   AUSTRALIA     ACQUISITIONS
                                                                                   FAIR VALUE      FAIR VALUE            TOTAL
                                                                                         $’000           $’000            $’000
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  –              10               10
 Trade and other receivables                                                               80               –               80
 Inventories                                                                             406            2,564           2,970
 Plant and equipment                                                                       11              43               54
 Right‑of‑use assets                                                                        –             816              816
 Deferred tax asset                                                                      204              718             922
 Trade and other payables                                                                (194)           (188)           (382)
 Provisions                                                                               (79)            (90)            (169)
 Lease liability                                                                            –            (816)            (816)
 Net assets acquired                                                                     428            3,057           3,485
 Goodwill                                                                             11,465            6,026          17,491
 Acquisition‑date fair value of the total consideration transferred                   11,893            9,083          20,976
 Representing:
 Cash paid                                                                            10,893            8,498          19,391
 Deferred settlement                                                                   1,000                –           1,000
 Debt forgiven                                                                              –             585             585
                                                                                      11,893            9,083          20,976
 Cash used to acquire business, net of cash acquired:
 Cash consideration                                                                   10,893            8,498          19,391
 Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                            –             (10)             (10)
 Net cash used                                                                        10,893            8,488          19,381


Prior financial year acquisitions
No material changes have occurred to the prior financial year acquisitions.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                    127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



   Significant accounting policies
   The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether equity
   instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises
   the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued. The consideration
   transferred also includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement
   and the fair value of any pre‑existing equity interest in the subsidiary.
   Acquisition‑related costs are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
   assumed in a business combination are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the
   acquisition‑date. On an acquisition‑by‑acquisition basis, any non‑controlling interest in the acquiree is recognised
   either at fair value or at the non‑controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s net identifiable assets.
   The excess of the consideration transferred and the amount of any non‑controlling interest in the acquiree over the fair
   value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair value of the
   net identifiable assets of the subsidiary acquired and the measurement of all amounts has been reviewed, the
   difference is recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.
   Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted to their
   present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate
   at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions.
   Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability
   are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

   Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
   Business combinations are initially accounted for on a provisional basis. The fair value of assets acquired, liabilities
   and contingent liabilities assumed are initially estimated by the consolidated entity taking into consideration all
   available information at the reporting date. Fair value adjustments on the finalisation of the business combination
   accounting is retrospective, where applicable, to the period the combination occurred and may have an impact on the
   assets and liabilities, depreciation and amortisation reported.




Note 30. Deed of cross guarantee
The following entities are party to a deed of cross guarantee entered into in August 2020 under which each company
guarantees the debts of the others. The companies below represent a ‘Closed Group’ for the purposes of the class order
outlined below.
Bapcor Limited
Bapcor Finance Pty Ltd
Bapcor Services Pty Ltd
Bapcor Logistics Services Pty Ltd1
Bapcor International Pty Ltd1
Burson Automotive Pty Ltd
Car Bitz & Accessories Pty Ltd
Aftermarket Network Australia Pty Ltd
Bapcor Retail Pty Ltd
Midas Australia Pty Ltd
Specialist Wholesalers Pty Ltd
MTQ Engine Systems (Aust) Pty Ltd


(1) These entities were added to the deed of cross guarantee in October 2021.


128
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


Baxters Pty Ltd
AADi Australia Pty Ltd
Diesel Distributors Australia Pty Ltd
Ryde Batteries (Wholesale) Pty Ltd
Federal Batteries Qld Pty Ltd
Premier Auto Trade Pty Ltd
JAS Oceania Pty Ltd
Australian Automotive Electrical Wholesale Pty Ltd
Low Voltage Pty Ltd
Don Kyatt Spare Parts (QLD) Pty Ltd
He Knows Truck Parts Pty Ltd
I Know Parts and Wrecking Pty Ltd
Commercial Parts Pty Ltd
Commercial Spares Pty Ltd
Bapcor Australia Pty Ltd
By entering into the deed, the wholly‑owned entities have been relieved from the requirement to prepare financial statements
and directors’ report under Corporations Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
Set out below is a consolidated statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position of the Closed Group.

                                                                                                       2023            2022
 STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                                    $’000           $’000
 Revenue                                                                                         1,837,699       1,666,016
 Share of profits of associates accounted for using the equity method                                1,937             575
 Other income                                                                                        2,182           1,709
 Expenses                                                                                       (1,716,346)      (1,513,737)
 Profit before income tax expense                                                                  125,472         154,563
 Income tax expense                                                                                (35,795)        (42,449)
 Profit after income tax expense                                                                    89,677         112,114
 Other comprehensive income
                                                                                                     1,620          (3,527)
 Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                 1,620          (3,527)
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                            91,297         108,587

                                                                                                       2023            2022
 EQUITY – RETAINED PROFITS                                                                            $’000           $’000
 Retained profits at the beginning of the financial year                                           143,162         102,325
 Profit after income tax expense                                                                    89,677         112,114
 Dividends paid                                                                                    (74,671)        (71,277)
 Retained profits at the end of the financial year                                                 158,168         143,162




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



                                                    2023        2022
 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                   $’000       $’000
 Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                       46,919      45,638
 Trade and other receivables                    214,018     188,721
 Inventories                                    470,711     485,989
 Derivative financial instruments                 3,281       5,400
 Income tax receivable                           18,814      10,584
 Other                                                –         129
                                                753,743     736,461
 Non‑current assets
 Right‑of‑use assets                            259,963     206,944
 Property, plant and equipment                  106,085      98,803
 Intangibles                                    645,543     628,831
 Deferred tax                                    14,456      18,855
 Intercompany                                        22      13,825
 Other                                          348,323     346,397
                                               1,374,392   1,313,655
 Total assets                                  2,128,135   2,050,116
 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                       235,933     215,631
 Provisions                                      45,007      43,811
 Lease liabilities                               64,789      58,282
 Derivative financial instruments                   163         274
                                                345,892     317,998
 Non‑current liabilities
 Provisions                                       16,102     15,723
 Borrowings                                     330,670     346,415
 Lease liabilities                              220,758      169,994
                                                567,530     532,132
 Total liabilities                              913,422     850,130
 Net assets                                    1,214,713   1,199,986
 Equity
 Issued capital                                 867,972     867,972
 Reserves                                       188,573     188,852
 Retained profits                               158,168     143,162
 Total equity                                  1,214,713   1,199,986




130
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 31. Parent entity information
Set out below is the supplementary information about the parent entity.

                                                                               PARENT
                                                                            2023           2022
                                                                            $’000          $’000
 Statement of comprehensive income
 Loss after income tax                                                    (28,203)      (22,634)
 Internal dividend income                                                  18,008       322,000
 Total comprehensive income                                               (10,195)      299,366

                                                                               PARENT
                                                                            2023           2022
                                                                            $’000          $’000
 Statement of financial position
 Total current assets                                                           –              –
 Total assets                                                             909,491       994,665
 Total current liabilities                                                      –              –
 Total liabilities                                                              –              –
 Equity
   Issued capital                                                         867,974       867,974
   Other reserves                                                         12,043         12,352
   Current year profits/(losses)                                          (28,203)      (22,634)
   Internal dividend income                                                18,008       322,000
   Dividends paid                                                         (74,671)      (71,277)
   Prior years retained earnings                                          114,340       (113,750)
 Total equity                                                             909,491       994,665




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                     131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 32. Interests in subsidiaries
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in
accordance with the accounting policies of the consolidated entity:

                                                                                                      OWNERSHIP INTEREST
                                                                  PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS/            2023             2022
 NAME                                                             COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION                  %                %
 Bapcor Finance Pty Ltd                                           Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 FiiViQ Pty Ltd                                                   Australia                             50.5%             50.5%
 Bapcor Services Pty Ltd                                          Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Bapcor Logistics Services Pty Ltd                                Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Bapcor International Pty Ltd                                     Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Bapcor Asia Pte Ltd                                              Singapore                            100.0%            100.0%
 Car Bits Asia Co. Ltd                                            Thailand                              57.8%             57.8%
 Burson Automotive Pty Ltd                                        Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Blacktown Auto Engineers Pty Ltd                                 Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Car Bitz & Accessories Pty Ltd                                   Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Aftermarket Network Australia Pty Ltd                            Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Bapcor Retail Pty Ltd                                            Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Midas Australia Pty Ltd                                          Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Specialist Wholesalers Pty Ltd                                   Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 MTQ Engine Systems (Aust) Pty Ltd                                Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Baxters Pty Ltd                                                  Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 AADi Australia Pty Ltd                                           Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 A&F Drive Shaft Repair Queensland Pty Ltd1                       Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Diesel Distributors Australia Pty Ltd                            Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Ryde Batteries (Wholesale) Pty Ltd                               Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Federal Batteries Qld Pty Ltd                                    Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Premier Auto Trade Pty Ltd                                       Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 JAS Oceania Pty Ltd                                              Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Australian Automotive Electrical Wholesale Pty Ltd               Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Low Voltage Pty Ltd                                              Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Don Kyatt Spare Parts (Qld) Pty Ltd                              Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 He Knows Truck Parts Pty Ltd                                     Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 I Know Parts and Wrecking Pty Ltd                                Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Commercial Spares Pty Ltd                                        Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Commercial Parts Pty Ltd                                         Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Bapcor New Zealand Ltd                                           New Zealand                          100.0%            100.0%
 Bapcor Automotive Ltd                                            New Zealand                          100.0%            100.0%
 Brake & Transmission NZ Ltd                                      New Zealand                          100.0%            100.0%
 Diesel Distributors Ltd                                          New Zealand                          100.0%            100.0%
 Bapcor Services New Zealand Ltd                                  New Zealand                          100.0%            100.0%
 HCB Technologies Ltd                                             New Zealand                          100.0%            100.0%
 Renouf Corporation International1                                United States                        100.0%            100.0%
 Benequity Properties, LLC1                                       United States                        100.0%            100.0%
 Bapcor Australia Pty Ltd1                                        Australia                            100.0%            100.0%
 Precision Equipment New Zealand                                  New Zealand                          100.0%            100.0%
 Hellaby Resource Services Ltd1                                   New Zealand                          100.0%            100.0%

(1) These subsidiaries are non‑trading.


132
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 33. Related party transactions – key management personnel
disclosures
Compensation
                                                                                                                CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                                                                    $                  $
 Short‑term employee benefits                                                                                   3,132              4,008
 Post‑employment benefits                                                                                         136               162
 Long‑term benefits                                                                                                69                36
 Share‑based payments                                                                                            664               1,368
 Other benefits1                                                                                                    –              2,318
                                                                                                               4,001               7,892

(1) Other benefits for FY22 relates to termination payments as detailed in the Remuneration Report within the Directors’ Report.


Loans
Refer to the audited Remuneration Report within the Directors’ Report for further details on key management personnel
compensation. There are no other transactions with key management personnel.



Note 34. Share‑based payments
The Long‑Term Incentive (‘LTI’) plan is intended to assist in the motivation, retention and reward of nominated senior
executives. The LTI is a payment contingent on three year performance and the payments are rights to acquire shares
(‘Performance Rights’). Refer to the audited Remuneration Report within the Directors’ Report for further information
on the LTI.
In FY23 the ambitious ‘Better Than Before’ (BTB) LTI plan was launched to drive a collective focus on the successful
execution of Bapcor’s business transformation program. The BTB LTI plan is centred on surpassing stretch targets and
will reward team members at multiple levels across the Group for successful delivery. The allocated Performance Rights
have a performance period that ends on 30 June 2025 at which time the performance hurdles are tested.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                             133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


A summary of the terms for the Performance Rights granted in the current financial year is in the following table:

 GRANT DATE                              12/10/22                  19/10/22                     08/03/23          To be determined
 PERFORMANCE HURDLE                   TSR            ROIC      TSR            ROIC       ROIC             EBIT    ROIC            EBIT
 PERFORMANCE PERIOD                  1/7/22 to 30/6/25         1/7/22 to 30/6/25       22/11/22 to 30/6/25       22/11/22 to 30/6/25
 TEST DATE                                  30/6/25                  30/6/25                    30/6/25                 30/6/25
 EXPIRY DATE                             12/10/37                  19/10/37                      8/3/38                  8/3/38
 QUANTITY GRANTED                   171,711         171,716   92,148         92,149          1,716,516                  156,268
 EXERCISE PRICE                               Nil                      Nil                        Nil                     Nil
 FAIR VALUE AT GRANT DATE1           $4.18           $5.79    $4.03           $5.78              $6.09                   $5.36
 OTHER CONDITIONS                   Restriction on sale       Restriction on sale      Restriction on sale       Restriction on sale
                                        to 30/6/26                to 30/6/26               to 30/6/26                to 30/6/26
 SHARE PRICE ON VALUATION DATE               $6.35                    $6.34                      $6.73                   $6.73
 VOLATILITY                                 40.55%                   40.55%                       N/A                     N/A
 DIVIDEND YIELD                              3.47%                    3.47%                      3.27%                   3.27%
 RISK FREE RATE                              3.41%                    3.41%                       N/A                     N/A

(1) The fair value represents the value used to calculate the accounting expense as required by accounting standards.


Relative total shareholder return (‘TSR’) hurdle
Fifty per cent of the Performance Rights granted to a participant will vest subject to a TSR performance hurdle that assesses
performance by measuring capital growth in the share price together with income returned to shareholders, measured over
the performance period against a Comparator Group of companies. The Performance Rights will vest by reference to
Bapcor’s TSR performance ranking against this Comparator Group of companies, as follows:

 BAPCOR’S TSR RELATIVE TO THE COMPARATOR GROUP OVER THE PERFORMANCE PERIOD                PERCENTAGE OF TSR RIGHTS VESTING
 Less than 50th percentile                                                                Nil
 Equal to 50th percentile                                                                 50%
 Greater than 50th percentile and less than 75th percentile                               Pro‑rata straight‑line vesting
 Equal to or greater than 75th percentile                                                 100%


Return on Invested Capital (‘ROIC’)
Fifty per cent of the Performance Rights granted to a participant will vest by reference to a ROIC performance hurdle
over the performance period (being the simple average of the ROIC as at 30 June 2023, 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2025).
Each tranche of Performance Rights subject to the ROIC hurdle will vest as follows:

 BAPCOR’S COMPOUND ANNUAL ROIC GROWTH OVER THE PERFORMANCE PERIOD                         PERCENTAGE OF EPS RIGHTS VESTING
 Less than 11.5%                                                                          Nil
 11.5%                                                                                    50%
 Greater than 11.5% and less than 12%                                                     Pro‑rata straight‑line vesting
 Equal to or greater than 12%                                                             100%


Metrics for Performance Rights granted 08/03/2023
Vesting of Performance Rights granted 08/03/2023 is subject to continued service and meeting the return on invested capital
(ROIC) hurdle and net earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) hurdle as set out below. Satisfaction of the net EBIT benefit
hurdle applies on a straight‑line vesting basis between threshold and maximum EBIT performance.




134
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued


The Board has determined that the ROIC Hurdle will be calculated as the simple average of the ROIC as at 30 June 2023,
30 June 2024 and 30 June 2025.
The Board has determined that the Net EBIT Hurdle will be calculated as the EBIT benefit in FY25 from initiatives included
in ‘Better than Before’ and after deducting the costs of this incentive program.
If the vesting conditions are met, the Performance Rights are converted into fully paid ordinary shares of the Company at the
election of the Participant. As per the Bapcor Employee Equity Plan, the expiry date is 6 September 2035, however the
Performance Rights lapse if vesting condition are not met.
Shares will be subject to a restriction on sale for twelve months from vesting of the Performance Rights.
Set out below are summaries of Performance Rights which have been granted:

 2023
                                                             BALANCE AT                                           EXPIRED/      BALANCE AT
                                               EXERCISE     THE START OF                          VESTED/       FORFEITED/      THE END OF
 GRANT DATE           VESTING DATE                PRICE         THE YEAR         GRANTED        EXERCISED           OTHER         THE YEAR
 10/09/2020           30/06/2023                  $0.00         264,030                 –                –       (264,030)                –
 20/10/2020           30/06/2023                  $0.00         134,006                 –                –       (134,006)                –
 30/08/2021           30/06/2024                  $0.00         201,434                 –                –        (14,652)        186,782
 19/10/2021           30/06/2024                  $0.00           47,126                –                –         (47,126)               –
 29/03/2022           30/06/2024                  $0.00          27,040                 –                –               –          27,040
 12/10/20221          12/10/20221                 $0.00                –          41,122          (41,122)               –                –
 12/10/2022           30/06/2025                  $0.00                –        343,427                  –               –        343,427
 19/10/2022           30/06/2025                  $0.00                –        184,297                  –               –        184,297
 08/03/20232          30/06/2025                  $0.00                –       1,716,516                 –               –       1,716,516
                                                                673,636       2,285,362           (41,122)       (459,814)      2,458,062

(1) The Performance Rights with a grant and vesting date of 12 October 2022 relate to the FY22 deferred STI which was to be issued as
    Performance Rights as detailed in the Remuneration Report within the 30 June 2022 Financial Report. They vested on the same day
    they were granted with no incremental performance hurdles (as the performance hurdles were met as part of the FY22 STI offer).
(2) In addition, Bapcor has made an offer of 156,268 Performance Rights to the Company’s CEO under the BTB incentive program.
    The issuance of such Performance Rights is subject to shareholder approval at the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting.

 2022
                                                             BALANCE AT                                           EXPIRED/      BALANCE AT
                                               EXERCISE     THE START OF                          VESTED/       FORFEITED/      THE END OF
 GRANT DATE           VESTING DATE                PRICE         THE YEAR         GRANTED        EXERCISED           OTHER         THE YEAR
 06/09/2019           30/06/2022                  $0.00         305,338                 –                –       (305,338)                –
 01/11/2019           30/06/2022                  $0.00         209,560                 –                –       (209,560)                –
 10/09/2020           30/06/2023                  $0.00         374,574                 –                –       (110,544)        264,030
 20/10/2020           30/06/2023                  $0.00         201,008                 –                –         (67,002)       134,006
 30/08/2021           30/06/2024                  $0.00                –         231,936                 –        (30,502)        201,434
 19/10/2021           30/06/2024                  $0.00                –         141,376                 –        (94,250)          47,126
 29/03/2022           30/06/2024                  $0.00                –          27,040                 –               –          27,040
                                                               1,090,480        400,352                  –        (817,196)       673,636

The weighted average exercise price for the Performance Rights exercised in the current financial year was nil. (2022: nil).
The weighted average contractual lives are 1.86 years (2022: 1.56 years).
The gain arising from share‑based payment transactions relating to the LTI during the year as part of employee benefits
expense was $258,921 (2022: gain of $481,000). This was due to the reversal of forfeited and lapsed rights as well as reversal
of expense on non‑market hurdles that have not been met.

Note: The numbers in the disclosures above include amounts relating to employees that are not key management personnel and therefore differ
to those presented in audited Remuneration Report within the Directors’ Report.

Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                                135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



  Significant accounting policies
  Share‑based compensation benefits are provided to employees via the Long‑Term Incentive (‘LTI’) plan. The fair value
  of performance rights granted under the LTI is recognised as an employee benefit expense over the period during
  which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the rights and options with a corresponding increase in equity.
  The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the rights and options granted, which
  includes any market performance conditions and the impact of any non‑vesting conditions but excludes the impact of
  any service and non‑market performance vesting conditions. Non‑market vesting conditions are included in
  assumptions about the number of options that are expected to vest which are revised at the end of each reporting
  period. The impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding
  adjustment to equity.
  The fair value is measured at grant date and the expense recognised over the life of the plan. The fair value is
  independently determined using a Black‑Scholes or similar option pricing model that takes into account the exercise
  price, the term of the option, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the
  underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk‑free interest rate for the term of the option.

  Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
  The consolidated entity measures the cost of equity‑settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair
  value of the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by using either
  the Binomial or Black‑Scholes model taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the instruments were
  granted. The accounting estimates and assumptions relating to equity‑settled share‑based payments would have no
  impact on the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next annual reporting period but may impact profit
  or loss and equity.




Note 35. Remuneration of auditors
During the financial year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers, the
auditor of the company:

                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                          2023                2022
                                                                                                             $                   $
 Audit services – PricewaterhouseCoopers
 Audit or review of the financial statements                                                          696,262           649,317




136
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued



Note 36. Commitments and contingent liabilities
Commitments
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                                               $                $
 Commitments
 Committed at the reporting date but not recognised as liabilities, payable:
 Guarantees in relation to leases                                                                         4,722             4,747
 Supply of equipment1                                                                                     5,588           13,427

(1) The commitments in relation to supply of equipment relate to the DC Consolidation projects.

Contingent liabilities
There are no contingent liabilities (2022: Nil).



Note 37. Events after the reporting period
Apart from the dividend declared as disclosed in note 24, no other matter or circumstance has arisen since 30 June 2023
that has significantly affected, or may significantly affect the consolidated entity’s operations, the results of those operations,
or the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                      137
DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
30 June 2023




In the directors’ opinion:
›   the attached financial statements and notes comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the Accounting Standards, the
    Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements;
›   the attached financial statements and notes comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
    International Accounting Standards Board as described in note 1 to the financial statements;
›   the attached financial statements and notes give a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at
    30 June 2023 and of its performance for the financial year ended on that date;
›   there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
    payable; and
›   at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Extended Closed Group
    will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross
    guarantee described in note 30 to the financial statements.
The directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
Signed in accordance with a resolution of directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.
On behalf of the directors




Margaret Haseltine
Chair
16 August 2023
Melbourne




138
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
to the Members of Bapcor Limited




                Independent auditor’s report
                To the members of Bapcor Limited

                Report on the audit of the financial report

                Our opinion
                In our opinion:
                The accompanying financial report of Bapcor Limited (the Company) and its controlled entities (together the
                Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2023 and of its financial
                    performance for the year then ended
                (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                What we have audited
                The Group financial report comprises:
                ●      the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2023
                ●      the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
                ●      the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
                ●      the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
                ●      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other
                       explanatory information
                ●      the directors’ declaration.

                Basis for opinion
                We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report section of our
                report.

                We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                opinion.

                Independence
                We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations
                Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110
                Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to
                our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
                with the Code.




                PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999

                Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                                 139
Independent Auditor’s Report continued




         Our audit approach
         An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from material
         misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if individually or in
         aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
         the financial report.

         We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the
         financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management structure of the Group, its
         accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.




                             Materiality                                            Audit scope


         ●   For the purpose of our audit we used overall      ●    Our audit focused on where the Group made
             Group materiality of $7.4 million, which               subjective judgements; for example, significant
             represents approximately 5% of the Group’s             accounting estimates involving assumptions and
             profit before tax.                                     inherently uncertain future events.
         ●   We applied this threshold, together with
             qualitative considerations, to determine the
             scope of our audit and the nature, timing and
             extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate
             the effect of misstatements on the financial
             report as a whole.
         ●   We chose Group profit before tax because, in
             our view, it is the benchmark against which the
             performance of the Group is most commonly
             measured.
         ●   We utilised a 5% threshold based on our
             professional judgement, noting it is within the
             range of commonly acceptable thresholds.




140
Independent Auditor’s Report continued




                Key audit matters
                Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
                the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
                these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a particular audit procedure is made in that context.
                We communicated the key audit matters to the Audit and Risk Committee.

                Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                Carrying value of goodwill
                (Refer to note 12)                                       Our audit procedures included the following, amongst
                                                                         others:
                At 30 June 2023, the Group recognised $697.4               ●    Assessing whether the allocation of the Group’s
                million of goodwill.                                            goodwill into CGUs was consistent with our
                                                                                knowledge of the Group’s operations and internal
                At least annually, an impairment test is performed              Group reporting
                by the Group over the goodwill and trademarks with         ●    Assessing whether the grouping of CGUs
                indefinite lives.                                               appropriately included the assets, liabilities and
                                                                                cash flows directly attributable to each CGU and
                                                                                an allocation of corporate assets
                The Group identified the Cash Generating Units
                (CGU) as Trade, Retail, Specialist Wholesale and           ●    Assessing the Group’s historical ability to forecast
                New Zealand, for the impairment assessment of                   cash flows by comparing budgets to actual results
                goodwill.                                                       for the past 3 years
                                                                           ●    Assessing key assumptions within the models for
                The Group performed an impairment assessment                    reasonableness with reference to external market
                for each CGU, by preparing a financial model to                 data where possible
                determine if the carrying value of the assets is           ●    Together with PwC valuation experts, comparing
                supported by forecast future cash flows, discounted             the post-tax discount rate and terminal growth
                to present value (the “models”).                                rate used in the models to external market data
                                                                           ●    Evaluating the reasonableness of disclosures in
                We considered the carrying value of goodwill to be a            the financial report in light of the requirements of
                key audit matter due to the size of the balances and            Australian Accounting Standards.
                assumptions applied by the Group in estimating
                future cash flows.


                Carrying value of inventory                              Our audit procedures included the following, amongst
                (Refer to note 9)                                        others:
                                                                           ●    Considering whether all the necessary inventory
                At 30 June 2023, the Group recorded a provision for             balances were included in the inventory provision
                slow-moving inventory of $54.2 million. The                     calculation
                provision is calculated by applying judgemental
                provisioning rates to slow-moving inventory.               ●    Obtaining the Group’s inventory provision
                                                                                assessments and evaluating the appropriateness
                                                                                of the methodology used in light of the
                We considered this to be a key audit matter                     requirements of Australian Accounting Standards
                because of the significant judgement required by the
                Group in determining the methodology used to               ●    Agreeing a sample of key inputs to supporting
                calculate the net realisable value of inventory and             evidence
                the potentially material impact that changes in the        ●    Considering the reasonableness of disclosures in
                provision could have on the financial report.                   light of the requirements of Australian Accounting
                                                                                Standards.




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                              141
Independent Auditor’s Report continued




         Other information
         The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
         in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2023, but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s
         report thereon. Prior to the date of this auditor's report, the other information we obtained included the Directors’
         report. We expect the remaining other information to be made available to us after the date of this auditor's
         report.

         Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express an
         opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon through our opinion on the financial report. We have issued
         a separate opinion on the remuneration report.

         In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
         so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge
         obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

         If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this
         auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
         report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

         When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein,
         we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and use our professional judgement to determine the
         appropriate action to take.

         Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
         The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair
         view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal
         control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
         and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

         In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as
         a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
         accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
         alternative but to do so.

         Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
         Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
         material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
         Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
         with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
         can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
         be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

         A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing and
         Assurance Standards Board website at: https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This
         description forms part of our auditor's report




142
Independent Auditor’s Report continued




                .

                Report on the remuneration report

                Our opinion on the remuneration report
                We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 62 to 82 of the directors’ report for the year ended
                30 June 2023.

                In our opinion, the remuneration report of Bapcor Limited for the year ended 30 June 2023 complies with section
                300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                Responsibilities
                The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration report in
                accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                PricewaterhouseCoopers




                Alison Tait Milner                                                                                Melbourne
                Partner                                                                                       16 August 2023




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                         143
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
as at 16 August 2023




Distribution of ordinary shareholders
                                                                                                                  % OF ISSUED
 RANGE                                                                          TOTAL HOLDERS          SHARES         CAPITAL
 1 – 1,000                                                                             7,856       3,465,780            1.02
 1,001 – 5,000                                                                         7,751      19,610,656            5.78
 5,001 – 10 000                                                                        1,710     12,013,451             3.54
 10,001 – 100,000                                                                        997      20,901,765            6.16
 100,001 +                                                                                49    283,420,848            83.51
 Total                                                                                18,363    339,412,500            100%

Included in the above total are 582 shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel of 74 shares.


Distribution of holders of performance rights
                                                                                       TOTAL    PERFORMANCE
 RANGE                                                                               HOLDERS          RIGHTS                  %
 1 – 1,000                                                                                 –               –               –
 1,001 – 5,000                                                                             3          13,830               1
 5,001 – 10 000                                                                           45         360,172              15
 10,001 – 100,000                                                                         43         695,745              29
 100,001 +                                                                                 8       1,335,916              53
 Total                                                                                    99      2,405,663              100

The table above includes 63,882 performance rights that have vested but are yet to be exercised by the participant.


Distribution of holders of share rights
                                                                                       TOTAL            SHARE
 RANGE                                                                               HOLDERS           RIGHTS                 %
 1 – 1,000                                                                                 –                 –             –
 1,001 – 5,000                                                                             2             8,776            21
 5,001 – 10 000                                                                            3           21,229             52
 10,001 – 100,000                                                                          1            11,117            27
 100,001 +                                                                                 –                 –             –
 Total                                                                                     6           41,122            100


Voting rights
The voting rights attaching to each class of equity securities are set out below:
a) Ordinary shares – at a general meeting of the Company, every holder of ordinary shares present in person or by proxy,
   attorney or representative has one vote on a show of hands and on a poll, one vote for each ordinary share held.
b) Performance rights and share rights – do not carry any voting rights.


Voluntary escrow
There are no securities subject to voluntary escrow in the Company, nor are there any restricted securities on issue in the
Company, as at the Reporting Date.


On‑market buy‑back
The Company is not currently conducting an on‑market buy‑back.



144
Shareholder Information continued



Twenty largest ordinary shareholders
                                                                                                                % OF ISSUED
 NAME                                                                                               SHARES          CAPITAL
 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                     106,691,838              31.43
 J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                      90,420,081              26.64
 CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                  39,398,505              11.61
 BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP >                                                                11,889,525               3.50
 NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                      10,636,916               3.13
 GARRMAR INVESTMENTS PTY LTD <THE JOHNSON FAMILY A/C>                                            4,700,000               1.38
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                                 4,425,336               1.30
 CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED < COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                   1,639,697               0.48
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED < WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                              1,481,362               0.44
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED < SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                               825,777               0.24
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD < AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                            816,431               0.24
 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT‑COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                            781,045               0.23
 GLENDALE INVESTMENT GROUP PTY LTD < GLENDALE INVESTMENT A/C>                                      670,000               0.20
 RYASAR PTY LTD <THE ABOTOMEY SUPERFUND A/C>                                                       661,660               0.19
 EQUITY TRUSTEES LIMITED <EQT CHARITABLE FNDN A/C>                                                 600,371               0.18
 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                         525,923               0.15
 SCHRAM INVESTMENTS PTY LTD < SCHRAM FAMILY A/C>                                                   510,619               0.15
 BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD < GLOBAL MARKETS DRP >                                                   491,654               0.14
 WOODROSS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                         393,747               0.12
 MR CRAIG ANTHONY MAGILL                                                                           386,819               0.11
 Total                                                                                         277,947,306              81.89



Substantial holders
As at 30 June 2023 the substantial holders of the Company and the number of ordinary shares in which those substantial
holders and their associates have a relevant interest, as disclosed in substantial holding notices given to the Company,
are as follows:

                                                                                                                % OF ISSUED
                                                                                               NUMBER HELD          CAPITAL
 Australian Super Pty Ltd                                                                       36,478,796              10.75
 Perpetual Limited                                                                              32,388,581              10.53
 Aware Super Pty Ltd                                                                            17,948,275               5.29
 Vanguard                                                                                       16,973,866               5.00



Corporate Governance Statement
Bapcor has prepared a Corporate Governance Statement which sets out the corporate governance practices that were
in operation throughout the financial year for the Company. In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 4.10.3, the Corporate
Governance Statement will be available for review on the Company’s website www.bapcor.com.au, and will be lodged
with ASX at the same time that this Annual Report




Bapcor Annual Report 2023                                                                                                  145
CORPORATE DIRECTORY

Directors                                                     Share register
Margaret Haseltine (Independent Non‑ Executive Chair)         Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd
Noel Meehan (Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer)   452 Johnston Street
Mark Bernhard (Independent, Non‑Executive Director)           Abbotsford VIC 3067
                                                              Australia
Mark Powell (Independent, Non‑Executive Director)
                                                              Ph: +61 3 9415 4000 or 1300 850 505 (within Australia)
Brad Soller (Independent, Non‑Executive Director)
Kathryn Spargo (Independent, Non‑Executive Director)
James Todd (Independent, Non‑Executive Director)              Auditor
                                                              PricewaterhouseCoopers

Company Secretary                                             2 Riverside Quay
                                                              Southbank VIC 3006
George Sakoufakis                                             Australia


Notice of annual general meeting                              Stock exchange listing
The details of the annual general meeting                     Bapcor Limited shares are listed on the
of Bapcor Limited are:                                        Australian Securities Exchange (ASX: BAP)
Date: 17 October 2023
Time: 1:30pm                                                  Website
Address: 127‑139 Link Road, Melbourne Airport, VIC, 3045      www.bapcor.com.au


Registered office
127‑139 Link Road
Melbourne Airport VIC 3045
Australia




146
                                  This page has been left blank intentionally.




colliercreative.com.au #BAP0013
bapcor.com.au
