Good food for all of us




Annual Report and
Financial Statements 2026
Joyful                                                                  When John James and Mary Ann Sainsbury opened the
                                                                        first Sainsbury’s in 1869, they set out to bring customers
                                                                        high quality food at great value.
                                                                                                                                                                   Financial highlights
                                                                                                                                                                   Retail sales growth

                                                                                                                                                                   4.3%
Accessible                                                              For more than 150 years, we’ve stayed true to these values. People who shop with us
                                                                        know that Sainsbury’s stands for quality, value and service and we are incredibly proud
                                                                        of the business we have built with our colleagues and partners.
                                                                                                                                                                   (excl. fuel) versus the 2024/25 financial year.
                                                                                                                                                                   Including fuel, sales increased 2.8%




Affordable
                                                                        Today, good food sits at the heart of all that we do. Our purpose is to make good food     Total underlying profit before tax

                                                                                                                                                                   £718m
                                                                        joyful, accessible and affordable for everyone, every day. It is also our brand promise:
                                                                        good food for all of us.
                                                                        At Sainsbury’s we believe good food means thinking about how food is grown,
                                                                        produced, bought, sold, distributed, cooked and enjoyed in communities across the          up 1.3% versus the 2024/25 financial year

Good food for all of us
                                                                        UK. We want to inspire people to fall in love with cooking and eating good food by
                                                                                                                                                                   Total underlying basic earnings per share
                                                                        making it easy, affordable and joyful.

                                                                                                                                                                   22.3p
                                                                                                                                                                   up 3.2% versus 21.6p in the 2024/25 financial year.
Contents                                                                                                                                                           Basic earnings per share 17.3p versus 10.9p in the
                                                                                                                                                                   2024/25 financial year
Strategic Report                                    Governance Report                                      Financial Statements
1    Our purpose                                    53 Introduction to the governance report               126	Statement of Directors’ responsibilities           Retail free cash flow
4
5
6
     Chair’s letter
     Market context
     Business model
                                                    54 Governance at a glance
                                                    56	Board of Directors
                                                    58 Board roles and responsibilities
                                                                                                           127	Independent auditor’s report to the
                                                                                                                members of J Sainsbury plc
                                                                                                           135	Consolidated income statement
                                                                                                                                                                   £574m
                                                                                                                                                                   up 8.1% versus £531 million in the 2024/25 financial
7    Business overview                              59 Governance framework                                136	Consolidated statement of comprehensive
8    Chief Executive’s statement                    61	Board leadership and Company purpose                    income/(loss)                                      year. Statutory net cash generated from operating
10   Our purpose in action                          64	Section 172 statement                              137	Consolidated balance sheet                         activities from continuing operations was
12   Strategy overview                              65 Board stakeholder engagement                        138	Consolidated statement of changes in equity        £1,774 million, versus £802 million in the 2024/25
13   Delivering on our outcomes                     66 Board effectiveness review                          139	Consolidated cash flow statement                   financial year
18   Key performance indicators                     67	Nomination and Governance                          140	Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                   Retail underlying operating profit
                                                         Committee report                                  198	Company balance sheet

                                                                                                                                                                   £1,025m
20   Our people and culture
24   Engaging with our stakeholders                 71	Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability        199	Company statement of changes in equity
30   Plan for Better                                     Committee report                                  200	Notes to the Company financial statements
34   Financial review                               73	Audit Committee report                             203	Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
                                                                                                                                                                   down 1.1% versus the 2024/25 financial year
40   Principal risks and uncertainties              81	Annual statement from the Remuneration             207	Additional shareholder information
48   Statement of viability                              Committee Chair                                   209	Useful contacts                                    Statutory profit after tax

                                                                                                                                                                   £393m
50   Non-financial and sustainability information   83 Summary of 2025/26 remuneration                     210	Glossary
     statement                                      84 Summary of 2026/27 remuneration
                                                    85 Remuneration in context
                                                    87 Remuneration Policy                                                                                         up 55.3% versus the 2024/25 financial year
                                                    94 Annual report on remuneration
                                                    104 Climate change and Task Force on Climate-                                                                  Return on capital employed

                                                                                                                                                                   8.9%
                                                         related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
                                                    116 Climate Transition Plan
                                                    120	Directors’ report
                                                                                                                                                                   down 10 basis points versus the 2024/25
                                                                                                                                                                   financial year
1      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026    Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Our purpose




Joyful
                                                                     We have a real passion for innovation and good quality,
                                                                     affordable food is the foundation of all our Sainsbury’s
                                                                     own brand ranges. It’s food that’s well sourced, grown
                                                                     sustainably and offers great value.
                                                                     Now 25 years old, our premium Taste the Difference
                                                                     range is more popular than ever, with customers choosing
                                                                     it for exciting new flavours and the feeling of dining out
                                                                     at home. We’ve recently expanded the range with our
                                                                     new Taste the Difference Discovery collections that offer
                                                                     expertly created, restaurant‑quality meals and premium
                                                                     speciality ingredients.




                                                                     1,200
                                                                     new own brand products, around 50 per cent
                                                                     in our premium Taste the Difference range




Whether it’s the big weekly shop, a quick bite to
                                                                     £2bn+
                                                                     in Taste the Difference sales,
                                                                     a milestone for the brand
eat or a special occasion, our customers choose


                                                                     69%
us for good food that is trusted on quality and
delivers on taste.
     See our purpose in action on page 10 for more information
      on how we’re making good food joyful
                                                                     of customers shopped both Aldi Price Match
                                                                     and Taste the Difference in the same trolley
                                                                     over the course of the year
2    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026    Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Our purpose continued




Accessible
                                                                   We’re opening new supermarkets and convenience
                                                                   stores in key locations and are increasing food space in
                                                                   many of our existing stores, so that more customers can
                                                                   access more of our good food, more often. Alongside this,
                                                                   our convenience formats, online grocery, rapid delivery
                                                                   and same‑day fulfilment give customers even more
                                                                   flexibility – supporting everything from larger planned
                                                                   shops to quick top‑ups when time is tight.
                                                                   We also recognise that good food isn’t shared equally.
                                                                   We’ve partnered with Comic Relief for over 25 years
                                                                   and since 2022 we’ve refocused our relationship to tackle
                                                                   the issue of food poverty. To date, we’ve donated over
                                                                   60 million meals, raised more than £26 million and
                                                                   supported more than 2.4 million people. We’ve funded
                                                                   food clubs, holiday programmes and community support,
                                                                   while also rallying partners, government and industry
                                                                   to drive wider change.




                                                                   40+
                                                                   new supermarkets and Local stores in key locations


Through our largest investment
in store expansion in over a decade,
we’re bringing more choice,
convenience and quality to more
                                                                   £30m
                                                                   goal to be raised by 2030 for Comic Relief




                                                                   1,320
communities across the UK.
    See our purpose in action on page 10


                                                                   schools supported through our partnership with the
                                                                   Department for Education’s breakfast clubs programme
3    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026    Strategic Report    Governance Report     Financial Statements


Our purpose continued




Affordable
                                                                   We’ve invested around £1.3 billion to keep prices low
                                                                   and make good food affordable for everyone, whether
                                                                   that’s through our Low Everyday Prices, Aldi Price Match,
                                                                   Nectar Prices, personalised Your Nectar Prices or Stamford
                                                                   Street, our lowest priced range – offering great value on
                                                                   everyday essentials.
                                                                   In 2024, we became the first retailer to extend Aldi Price Match
                                                                   across our supermarkets, convenience stores and online and
                                                                   the offer contains at least 75 per cent Healthy and Better for
                                                                   you products. Customers are now saving more than £450 on
                                                                   average a year with Nectar, as well as collecting over £170 of
                                                                   Nectar Points through our well-established value proposition
                                                                   of Nectar Prices, Your Nectar Prices and Nectar Points earned
                                                                   across a coalition of partners.




                                                                   £1.3bn
                                                                   invested in keeping prices low over the past five years




Championing good food means
making sure great quality is
                                                                   £5.5bn
                                                                   saved by customers since the launch of
                                                                   Nectar Prices in April 2023




                                                                   £450
affordable for everyone, every
time they shop with us. We know
customers want food they can trust,
enjoy and feel good about – without
worrying about the price – and we                                  on average a year saved by households using
                                                                   Nectar Prices and Your Nectar Prices
are committed to offering great value


                                                                   10,000+
on the products they buy most often.
    See our purpose in action on page 10


                                                                   products available on Nectar Prices
4       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                  Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Chair’s letter


Creating long-term                                                    Sainsbury’s plays an important role in the UK. Every week, millions
                                                                      of customers choose us for good food at great prices. Thousands of
                                                                      suppliers work with us as trusted, long-term partners and around
                                                                                                                                              Creating sustainable returns
                                                                                                                                              for shareholders

value for the UK
                                                                      140,000 colleagues build their careers with us. When Sainsbury’s is     We are committed to creating long-term value for shareholders.
                                                                      thriving, the impact is felt well beyond our stores, in communities     This year, we returned over £800 million to shareholders through
                                                                      across the country.                                                     a progressive dividend, a £250 million share buyback and a special
                                                                                                                                              dividend from the disposal of our banking operations. This
                                                                      Over the past year, customers have continued to make careful            transaction marked the conclusion of Sainsbury’s ownership of
                                                                      choices, with value firmly front of mind. Against this backdrop, our    the Bank’s Core Banking business. I would like to thank Bláthnaid
                                                                      priorities remain clear: supporting colleagues, staying close to what   Bergin, Robert Mulhall and their teams for making this happen.
                                                                      customers are telling us and delivering great value on the products
                                                                      they buy most often, while making balanced choices that protect         Looking ahead, we are focused on serving customers’ evolving
A thriving Sainsbury’s is good for                                    the long-term strength of our business.                                 financial services needs through a simpler proposition, building
                                                                                                                                              on the strength of our customer relationships while keeping our
the UK – for the customers and                                        Making balanced choices                                                 core emphasis firmly on food retail. This focus allows us to keep
                                                                                                                                              investing in value, quality, availability and service for customers,
communities we serve every day                                        Through disciplined execution, a sharper focus on value and
                                                                      a stronger financial position, we have built a business that is more    alongside investment in colleagues, stores and technology.

and for the shareholders who rely on                                  focused and better placed to serve customers and communities
                                                                      across the UK over the long term.                                       Looking ahead with confidence
us for sustainable long-term value.                                   Central to this progress is our focus on food, where we can have
                                                                                                                                              I would like to thank colleagues across Sainsbury’s for the
                                                                                                                                              exceptional leadership and commitment they have shown
                                                                      the greatest impact. By prioritising value, quality, availability       this year. Whether serving customers in our stores, supporting
Martin Scicluna                                                       and service and investing carefully where it matters most, we
Chair                                                                                                                                         our supply chains or driving progress behind the scenes, your
                                                                      are better able to support our customers today while continuing         contribution is fundamental to the strength of our business.
                                                                      to strengthen the business for the long term. By making balanced
                                                                      choices, we have strengthened Sainsbury’s position as a stable          I am also grateful to Simon and the Operating Board for their
                                                                      and trusted UK plc.                                                     leadership and I am pleased to acknowledge Simon’s CBE in the
                                                                                                                                              2026 New Year Honours, recognising his outstanding contribution
                                                                      Delivering with purpose                                                 to retail and our business. Under his leadership, colleagues,
                                                                      We are committed to delivering for everyone who relies on               customers and shareholders can have confidence in Sainsbury’s
                                                                      us. Over the past year, this has meant prioritising value for           ability to make the right long-term choices.
                                                                      customers, continuing to invest in colleagues and working in            We welcomed Katie Bickerstaffe and Steve Hare to the Board
                                                                      partnership with suppliers to strengthen our food supply chain.         following their appointments at the 2025 AGM. They have
                                                                      Our purpose – making good food joyful, accessible and affordable        brought valuable experience and perspective. I would also
                                                                      for everyone, every day – shapes the choices we make. Through our       like to acknowledge Adrian Hennah in his first year as Senior
                                                                      Plan for Better, we support healthier and more sustainable diets,       Independent Director and the counsel he continues to offer.
                                                                      while engaging constructively with government on issues such as         A thriving Sainsbury’s is good for the UK - for the customers and
                                                                      affordability, supply chain resilience and regulatory reform.           communities we serve every day and for the shareholders who
                                                                      Long-term partnerships are essential in our food supply chain.          rely on us for sustainable long-term value. With a clear strategy,
                                                                      I recently visited a farm growing salad crops where the challenges      disciplined execution and a continued focus on value, quality,
                                                                      facing British agriculture were clear. I came away with a strong        availability and service, Sainsbury’s is well placed to navigate an
                                                                      sense that resilience increasingly depends on farmers having the        increasingly uncertain external environment in the years ahead.
                                                                      confidence – and the capability – to plan and invest for the long
                                                                      term. Extreme weather is increasing complexity but long-term
                                                                      agreements give farmers the confidence to invest in solutions
                                                                      such as water storage and irrigation – a practical example of how
                                                                      Sainsbury’s is supporting the future of UK food production.
                                                                                                                                              Martin Scicluna
                                                                                                                                              Chair
                                                                                                                                              22 April 2026
5      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                   Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Market context

The UK grocery market remains highly competitive, with customers facing an increasing
amount of choice on where and how they shop. People are making deliberate choices
about the retailers they rely on, looking for confidence that they can get good quality
and value and a stress-free experience.
This environment is being shaped by a mix of factors: the continued importance of physical stores, the growing role of digital channels and changing expectations
around ease, availability, service and speed of fulfilment. At the same time, retailers are tightly focusing investment on the areas that matter most to customers, with
technology playing a growing role in supporting both customer experience and productivity. Together, these dynamics are influencing how customers shop today and
where growth is emerging across the market.

                                                                                                                                                                                         Making shopping simpler
    Where growth is coming from                                 How customers are shopping today                        Changing lives, changing needs
                                                                                                                                                                                         through technology
Physical stores continue to play a central role in            Customers are shopping with intent. Value remains        Longer term demographic trends continue to shape                Technology is playing an increasingly important role
the UK grocery market. The weekly shop remains                a very important factor in decision-making but it is     customer needs. The UK population is ageing and                 in shaping customer expectations. Customers expect
especially important for households planning ahead            increasingly defined by a balance of price, quality      households are becoming smaller. These shifts                   retailers to use digital tools and data to make shopping
and managing budgets, reinforcing the importance              and trust. Customers are making more considered          influence how people shop, the missions they                    simpler, quicker and more relevant – from personalised
of well‑located stores and customer service.                  decisions, favouring retailers and products that offer   prioritise and the products they choose.                        offers and inspiration to smoother online journeys
                                                              transparency, reassurance and consistency                                                                                and better availability.
Growth is also being driven by customers having                                                                        Younger generations are accounting for a growing
                                                              alongside competitive pricing.
more ways to shop. Convenience formats, online                                                                         share of grocery spend, as more of their purchasing             For retailers, continued investment in data, technology
grocery, rapid delivery and same‑day fulfilment are           Shopping habits continue to evolve as customers          power shifts into grocery and their habits shape                and infrastructure is a key differentiator. Those with
helping customers meet different needs across the             spread spend across different missions. At the same      where growth is emerging. These customers are                   the scale and financial strength to invest are well
week. While these channels still represent a smaller          time, customers are visiting fewer shops since the       digitally confident, move easily between channels               placed to improve efficiency, unlock productivity and
share of total grocery spend, digital channels in             pandemic, placing greater value on getting everything    and expect joined up, relevant experiences - whether            deliver intuitive and tailored customer experiences.
particular are contributing a significant share of            they need in one place and on a more effortless shop.    in store, online, or on their phone.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Technology is also creating new opportunities through
growth and are shaping expectations around                    The main shop remains critical – particularly for
                                                                                                                       Health is playing a growing role in food choices                loyalty, retail media and emerging AI‑enabled services,
speed, ease and availability.                                 families and older households who plan ahead and
                                                                                                                       across all age groups. As cultural diversity increases          increasing the value of trusted customer relationships
                                                              manage spend carefully.
Across the market, retailers are responding by                                                                         and the population ages, health needs are becoming              and high‑quality data. In a competitive market, the
taking a more disciplined approach to investment:             Customers are also continuing to enjoy food at           more varied and more people are living longer with              ability to combine great food, strong value and digital
maximising value from their existing store estates –          home. More meals at home are being treated as            multiple co-existing chronic conditions - adding to             capability remains central to long‑term success.
maintaining standards, improving availability and             special occasions, with customers increasingly           the complexity of the health landscape. Customers
delivering a consistently good customer experience            celebrating and recreating restaurant-quality            want food that supports healthier lifestyles without
– while also increasing spend on technology,                  experiences in their own kitchens, while still relying   added cost or complexity. Interest in nutrition, balance
automation, supply chain capability, data and AI.             on simple, affordable ways to make everyday meals        and functional benefits is growing, alongside awareness
Together, these investments are designed to drive             feel special. This is supporting demand for products     of topics such as ultra processed foods and emerging
efficiency and productivity in operations, while              that combine quality, taste and value, reinforcing       trends like GLP 1 usage. Together, this reinforces a longer
improving (and increasingly digitising) the customer          the importance of strong own label ranges, reliable      term shift towards fresh food and balanced diets.
shopping experience.                                          availability and clear value cues.
                                                                                                                       Alongside this, customers increasingly expect brands
Customer discovery is also changing. Marketplaces,            Across all missions, customers expect retailers to       to do good - from cutting food waste and reducing
aggregators and emerging AI‑enabled tools are                 make shopping straightforward and dependable             packaging to supporting more sustainable diets and
influencing how people find products and make                 – through clear pricing, simpler choices and             playing an active role in local communities.
choices. Over time, this will increase the importance         confidence that what they need will be available
of strong digital capability, high quality data and           when they shop.
trusted, direct relationships with customers.
6      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report      Financial Statements


Business model


Our business
at a glance                                                                                           Scale advantage as
                                                                                                        the UK’s second
                                                                                                                                       Reputation for value,
                                                                                                                                        quality and service
                                                                                                       largest full choice
Sainsbury’s is the country’s second largest                                                               supermarket
grocer, serving customers online and in
our more than 600 supermarkets and
885 convenience stores. Our colleagues bring                                                                            Sainsbury’s
our purpose to life in the communities we serve                                         Strength in real estate
                                                                                                                      brand and own
                                                                                                                                                             Growing
– making good food joyful, accessible and                                               and online capability         brand heritage                      customer base
affordable for everyone, every day.
We create value for stakeholders by building on the heritage and scale of our food
business and strong customer offer, enhancing our competitive advantage.


                                                                                                         Suppliers and                   Colleagues and
                                                                                                           partners                       our winning
                                                                                                                                             culture




                                                                                     Everything we do is underpinned by data and technology
                                                                                        innovation and the infrastructure that supports our
                                                                                          brands enables us to drive value and efficiency.
                                                                                                          Our Plan for Better is integrated into everything we do and critical to building
                                                                                                          long-term resilience in our business and across our supply chains. We are
                                                                                                          committed to playing a leading role in creating a more resilient and
                                                                                                          sustainable UK food system.

                                                                                                               Read more on page 30
7      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report    Governance Report    Financial Statements


Business overview

Our brands work together to provide                                                                                                                                                   Our investment case
added value for our customers
Our brands - Sainsbury’s, Argos, Nectar, Nectar360, Habitat, Tu,                                                                                                                          Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy
Sainsbury’s Bank and Smart Charge - each play a part in delivering
our purpose and giving customers more reasons to shop with us,
while building strong, sustainable growth for our shareholders.
Whether it’s stylish homeware from Habitat, great value fashion
                                                                              Sainsbury’s              Argos                     Nectar                    Nectar360                              Delivering profit leverage
from Tu or the convenience and breadth of choice that Argos offers,                                                                                                                                   from sales growth
we bring customers more of what they need, all in one place.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Food volume growth
Our market-leading retail media and data capabilities are powered
by Nectar360 and our world-class Nectar loyalty platform. Together
with a strong coalition of partner brands, they help us really
                                                                                                                                                                                                       SG&A/sales reduction
understand our customers, enabling us to tailor value and rewards.
                                                                                                                                                                                               Measured reinvestment in the
                                                                              Tu                       Habitat                   Smart Charge              Sainsbury’s Bank                       customer proposition

                                                                                                                                                                                             Profit leverage from sales growth
        First choice                                Loyalty                                       More Argos,                                     Save and
          for food                               everyone loves                                   more often                                    invest to win
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Sustainable and reliable
                                                                                                                                                                                                       cash generation

Attract many more people                                                                     Unleash and transform                        Save £1 billion and invest                                   Robust profitability
                                                Build a world-leading
 to choose Sainsbury’s as                         loyalty platform                           Argos around the three                           in transforming
   the place they come                         that is more personalised, joyful,            things that have always                           our capabilities                                Disciplined capital investment
      to for good food                            rewarding and transparent                      made it brilliant                         to take another big leap forward
       and play a leading role                           for everyone                         like its curated range, famously              in efficiency, productivity and
                                                                                                                                          customer focus, continuing to build
                                                                                                                                                                                                Strong sustained cash flows
      in creating a sustainable                                                               convenient experience and great
        food system in the UK                                                               value – so more customers buy more                   a platform for growth                          and higher return on capital
                                                                                                complete baskets more often


                                                                                                                                                                                            Enhanced returns to shareholders
Our strategy for Next Level Sainsbury’s                                                                                                                                                         Strong sustained cash flows
In February 2024, we set out our Next Level Sainsbury’s       Next Level Sainsbury’s sets out how we will deliver        real momentum across the plan. We have expanded
plan, building on the momentum of our successful              that ambition. Our ability to combine great value,         and enhanced our world-leading Nectar loyalty
Food First strategy.                                          trusted quality and leading service is the winning         platform, sharpened value, accelerated food                              Focused capital allocation
                                                              combination that sets us apart and makes us                innovation and improved availability and service.
It’s our ambition to be the UK’s first choice for food.
We are focused on attracting many more people to
                                                              uniquely placed to help shape the future of
                                                                                                                         Underpinning all of this is our programme to deliver                  Enhanced shareholder returns
                                                              food retail.
choose Sainsbury’s as the place they come to for                                                                         another £1 billion of cost savings which will help us to
good food and playing a leading role in creating              Over the past two years, we have made strong progress,     continue to invest to transform our capabilities and               Discover more about investing in Sainsbury’s
a more sustainable food system in the UK.                     strengthening our competitive position and building        support sustainable growth in Year 3 and beyond.                    at Investment case | J Sainsbury plc
8      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Chief Executive’s statement


Putting good food at                                                 This last year, every conversation with our
                                                                     customers, colleagues, farmers and suppliers has
                                                                     reinforced just how much people are weighing up
                                                                                                                                   This year we took Nectar loyalty to the next level,
                                                                                                                                   rolling out Your Nectar Prices across all supermarket
                                                                                                                                   checkouts, giving more customers access to



the heart of all we do
                                                                     every decision they make. Against a backdrop of               personalised savings wherever and however they
                                                                     increasing pressure on the cost of living and                 shop, while continuing to invest in Aldi Price Match
                                                                     changing shopping habits, it’s a constant reminder            on the products they buy most often. Together,
                                                                     that we must do everything we possibly can to earn            Nectar Prices and Your Nectar Prices now help
                                                                     people’s trust and loyalty.                                   millions of households save around £450 a year.
                                                                     We are focused on making sure our food is great
                                                                     value, high quality and sourced in partnership with
                                                                                                                                   Food that’s affordable, accessible
                                                                     farmers and producers. As global uncertainty around           and joyful
We have a strong                                                     us continues, this must remain our absolute priority.         We want to inspire more people to enjoy cooking and
                                                                                                                                   eating good food. This means adding more fibre and
plan powered by a clear                                              For 157 years, Sainsbury’s has worked in partnership
                                                                     across our supply chain to make good food joyful,
                                                                                                                                   flavour to everyday favourites and celebrating fresh,

purpose. Good food guides                                            accessible and affordable for everyone, every day.
                                                                                                                                   seasonal cooking that is always tasty, exciting and
                                                                                                                                   accessible. Alongside this, I am proud to say that we
                                                                     It’s a responsibility we take seriously and one that I
everything we do and we will                                         believe will continue to set us apart.
                                                                                                                                   continue to lead on transparency, supporting clearer
                                                                                                                                   food standards and mandatory reporting, so that
keep using our scale, our                                            By staying true to this purpose and focusing relentlessly
                                                                     on what matters most to our customers, we’ve delivered
                                                                                                                                   customers can make confident, informed decisions
                                                                                                                                   for themselves and their families.
reach and our capabilities to                                        strong results over the last year. We grew food volumes,
                                                                                                                                   Supporting thousands of communities right across
                                                                     gained market share and performed well in a highly
make good food joyful,                                               competitive market. We have also delivered enhanced
                                                                                                                                   the country is at the core of who we are. Through our
                                                                                                                                   partnership with Comic Relief, we’ve provided more
accessible and affordable                                            cash returns to shareholders through dividends and
                                                                     share buybacks.
                                                                                                                                   than 60 million meals since 2022. I’ve seen first-hand
                                                                                                                                   how much this matters, including recently at a local
for everyone, every day.                                             Value customers rely on                                       food club in South London where volunteers told me
                                                                                                                                   that reliable, long-term support makes the biggest
Simon Roberts                                                        When I became Chief Executive five years ago,                 difference. No child or family should go without the
Chief Executive                                                      customers told us we were too expensive and too               essentials they need to thrive and we’re committed
                                                                     often we were inconsistent. We really listened and            to playing our part in reducing food poverty across
                                                                     set out a clear plan to put food first and at the heart       the UK. This year we have donated £8.7 million through
                                                                     of everything we do at Sainsbury’s. We committed to           the partnership with Comic Relief and through Alliance
                                                                     deliver outstanding value without compromising on             Food Sourcing we’re working with the retail industry to
                                                                     the quality and service customers always expect               find new ways to rescue surplus food in supply chains
                                                                     from us.                                                      and ensure it reaches those that most need it.
                                                                     Since then, we’ve invested around £1.3 billion
                                                                     bringing prices down for customers while continuing
                                                                     to deliver leading quality, welfare and sustainability.
                                                                     With household budgets remaining under pressure,
                                                                     we’ve kept great value very firmly at the centre of our
                                                                     strategy. That’s why more customers are choosing
                                                                     products from Aldi Price Match alongside Taste the
                                                                     Difference in their weekly shop – confident they’re
                                                                     getting great value on everyday essentials and
                                                                     quality food for special occasions.
9      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                      Strategic Report    Governance Report      Financial Statements


Chief Executive’s statement continued

Farming in partnership                                        Looking ahead
We believe food resilience matters more now than ever         We continue to deliver strong momentum and
and that’s why our long-term partnerships with farmers        progress through our Next Level plan, building a
and suppliers are so vital, securing good food for the        Sainsbury’s that is better for today and well placed
future and building a more sustainable UK food system.        for the future. We’re doing this through continuing
This important work starts with understanding the real        to invest in what matters most for our customers,
challenges our farming partners face. Successive              championing good food by supporting our colleagues
periods of volatility in an already tough market are          and working in partnership with farmers and suppliers.
making it harder for farmers to plan, invest and              This disciplined approach allows us to make balanced
innovate with confidence.                                     choices, strengthening our business and creating
                                                              long term, sustainable value for shareholders.
This March, we announced that we’re further expanding
our long-term partnership model, to create one of the         We are well placed to navigate the challenges of
UK’s most extensive networks of multi-year farming            uncertain global events and the potential for volatility
agreements. More than 2,500 British and Irish farms           around us. We have a strong plan powered by a clear
will be backed by long-term contracts of between five         purpose and an experienced and capable leadership
and ten years, giving farmers real confidence in what         team energised and focused for the year ahead.
we will buy from them and the profit they can expect
                                                              A huge thank you to our entire Sainsbury’s team for
to make, with a long-term commitment to work
                                                              their hard work, commitment and care. It’s our team
together. This represents over £5 billion of committed
                                                              who make everything we achieve possible and it’s
investment over the lifespan of these agreements
                                                              each and every one of our colleagues who make the
and will secure 3.1 million tonnes of homegrown
                                                              difference, doing the right thing for our customers
fresh food.
                                                              every time they shop with us.
Jobs, skills and opportunity                                                                                              Learn about how we’re bringing more of our range to more customers on page 13
With around 140,000 colleagues across the UK,
we create opportunities in every community we
serve. I regularly meet colleagues across Sainsbury’s
and Argos who began their career in weekend roles             Simon Roberts
and now lead teams. Starting work with a weekend              Chief Executive
job provides such a positive start to working life and        22 April 2026
we are committed to doing all we can to provide
the best opportunities for young people, including
through the relaunch of our graduate programme
this year.
We continue to prioritise significant investment
in colleague pay because it is the right thing to do,
supporting the wellbeing and success of our people
                                                                                                                                                                                                Learn how our long-term agreements
through competitive rates of pay and a strong
                                                                                                                                                                                                 with farmers are helping to deliver our
benefits package. We have increased pay for our                                                                                                                                                  purpose on page 10
hourly paid colleagues by more than 40 per cent in
the last five years and our market leading benefits
include a competitive pension scheme, colleague
share plans, free food during shifts and leading
levels of colleague discount.
                                                                                                                          Discover how we’re delivering
                                                                                                                           outstanding value on page 13
10      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                   Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Our purpose in action


Good food starts here!                                                                                               Good food is something
                                                                                                                     people depend on every day.
At Sainsbury’s we believe good food should be
                                                                                                                     In uncertain times our focus is
good quality, well sourced and produced responsibly,                                                                 on keeping food great value for
taste delicious and offer great value – something                                                                    customers while giving farmers
everyone can enjoy in communities across the UK.                                                                     the reassurance and certainty
                                                                                                                     they need to plan ahead.
Supporting UK farming                                                                                                Simon Roberts
                                                                                                                     Chief Executive




We recently announced a renewed commitment to
long-term partnerships with British and Irish farmers,
expanding our long-term partnership model to create            To keep our business resilient, we need the
                                                                                                                                         2,500
                                                                                                                                         British and Irish farms
                                                               confidence to invest in our future. That’s why                            supported with
one of the UK’s most extensive networks of multi-year
                                                               long-term partnerships, like the one we have had                          long‑term agreements
farming agreements. More than 2,500 farms will be




                                                                                                                                         £5bn+
backed by long-term contracts, representing over               with Sainsbury’s for many years, are so important
£5 billion of committed investment over the lifespan           and vital to securing the future of the food system
of these agreements, securing 3.1 million tonnes               and British farming.
of homegrown fresh food.                                       Charlie Burgoyne
These long‑term partnerships are essential to protecting       Dairy farmer,
the future of good food for customers today and for            Holmbush Farm,                                                            committed investment
                                                               who has supplied                                                          in British and Irish agriculture
generations to come, because the only way to secure
more British food and deliver value for customers is           Sainsbury’s milk for
to give farmers certainty over what we’ll buy, at what         over 15 years
price and for how long. Genuine collaboration, shared
ambition and long-term commitment across the system
are essential and customers want to buy produce which
supports farmers across the UK and Ireland.
      Read more about how we’re
       strengthening the future of good
       food in the UK on our website
11     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Our purpose in action continued

Helping our customers find the joy of good food                                                                         Tackling food poverty in partnership
                                                                                                                        Our focus is on ensuring no child or family goes
                                                                                                                        hungry, helping them access the good food they
                                                                                                                        need to grow – today and for the long-term.
                                                                                                                        Partnering with the Department for Education on
                                                                                                                        their free breakfast club programme in October, we
                                                                                                                        supported up to 180,000 school children across the
                                                                                                                        UK. The initiative provided 750 early adopter schools
                                                                                                                        with access to £200 gift cards to help them take their
                                                                                                                        free breakfast club offer further - increasing their
                                                                                                                        funding for healthy, affordable and nutritious food.
                                                                                                                        We also committed to supporting over 570 additional
                                                                                                                        schools from April 2026 onwards.
                                                                                                                        Over the festive period, we also raised over £3.9 million
                                                                                                                        for Comic Relief. This included donating every penny          No child or family should go
                                                                                                                        from the sales of by Sainsbury’s and Free From classic        without the food they need to
We want to inspire people to fall in love with cooking        Launching new products to                                 mince pies in December to provide over five million           thrive. Yet too many parents are
and eating good food by making it easy, affordable
and taste delicious. This is why we’re passionate about       give customers convenient and                             meals to families over Winter in 2025/26.                     making impossible choices and too
making sure that everyone can enjoy good food and             delicious ways to eat well                                                                                              many plates are empty. At Sainsbury’s,


                                                                                                                        £8.7m
have long-supported efforts to help customers eat             As part of our continued focus on food innovation,                                                                      we believe everyone should have access to good
well. We have a decades-long heritage of helping              every year we launch new products – created in close                                                                    food and no child should go hungry. Since 2022,
make nutritious food tastier, simpler and easier              collaboration with our expert nutritionists and packed                                                                  our partnership with Comic Relief has helped deliver
                                                                                                                        donated to Comic Relief this year                             millions of meals and vital community support. And
for everyone, from offering more transparency on              with the essentials our diets need – to give customers
                                                                                                                                                                                      with our renewed commitment, we’re determined


                                                                                                                        120,000
product packs by being the first UK supermarket to            convenient and tasty ways to eat well.
introduce traffic light labelling to rewarding customers                                                                                                                              to keep going, together.
who eat well through Nectar challenges.                       This year, we launched our new Small But Mighty range.                                                                  Ruth Cranston
                                                              It features nutrient dense meals, each designed to be                                                                   Sainsbury’s Director of Sustainability
But we know eating well remains a challenge for                                                                         holiday club places funded with Comic Relief
                                                              less than 400 kcals, high in protein, a source of fibre
many people. Stretched budgets, busy lives and                                                                          through the UK Government’s Holiday Activities
                                                              and one of your five a day. Alongside this we’re
conflicting advice all get in the way.                                                                                  and Food (HAF) programme
                                                              launching a selection of High Protein products
                                                                                                                                                                                      For some of us, food and mealtimes

                                                                                                                        1,320
      Read more about how we’re resetting our healthy        including yoghurts, bread and ready meals.
       diets strategy in our Plan for Better report – this                                                                                                                            sit at the heart of our happiest
       is a key step in helping customers overcome                                                                                                                                    moments, but for so many across
       these challenges
                                                                                                                                                                                      the UK they remain the source of
                                                              We understand people have                                 schools supported through our partnership with
                                                                                                                                                                                      enormous worry. Comic Relief’s
                                                              different nutritional needs,                              the Department for Education’s breakfast club
                                                                                                                                                                                      partnership with Sainsbury’s is focused
                                                              appetites and tastes and that                             programme, reaching 280,000 children
                                                                                                                                                                                      on ensuring that no one has to make difficult
                                                              continues to guide how we develop

                                                                                                                        25+ years
                                                                                                                                                                                      choices when it comes to feeding themselves
                                                              our products. From protein packed
                                                                                                                                                                                      or their family and that everyone can experience
                                                              breakfasts and ready-to-go lunches to smaller,
                                                                                                                                                                                      the comfort and connection often associated
                                                              nutrient rich meals, our new High Protein and
                                                                                                                        of partnership with Comic Relief                              with good food.
                                                              Small but Mighty ranges are designed to offer
                                                              people convenient, delicious food that they can                                                                         Samir Patel
                                                              enjoy with confidence, day in and day out.                                                                              CEO of Comic Relief  
                                                              James Campbell
                                                              Sainsbury’s Director of Fresh Product Innovation
12         J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Strategy overview


Consistently delivering for customers, colleagues, suppliers
and shareholders
Reflecting on our progress two years into the plan, our balanced choices helped us make good
progress against these commitments.
We’ve invested to support our customers, our                      market for the sixth consecutive year, reaching our    structural cost savings. We delivered Retail free cash      shareholders, with more than £800 million returned
colleagues, our farmers and our suppliers and we                  highest volume market share in ten yearsb).            flow of £574 million, ahead of our expectations and         this year through dividends and share buybacks.
have sustained our strong competitive position in an                                                                     we remain on track to exceed £1.6 billion over the
                                                                  The underlying profit leverage from this volume                                                                    Our progress against the commitments is driven by
intensely competitive marketa). More customers are                                                                       three-year plan. Whilst maintaining that cash flow
                                                                  outperformance was offset by investment in our                                                                     four strategic outcomes: First choice for food, Loyalty
trusting us to deliver our winning combination of                                                                        commitment, we’re investing for future growth and
                                                                  competitive position and by unusually high levels of                                                               everyone loves, More Argos, more often and Save and
value, quality, availability and service. As a result, we                                                                to further strengthen our competitive advantage. We
                                                                  operating cost inflation, only partially mitigated                                                                 invest to win.
have delivered food volume growth ahead of the                                                                           have also delivered enhanced cash returns to
                                                                  through the delivery of a further £330 million of

Across the business, we are focused on delivering the eight
commitments that we made at the launch of Next Level Sainsbury’s:
                                                                                                                          Outcomes                                                What this means
   1    Food volume growth ahead of                               5     Deliver profit leverage from                               First choice for food                        Attract many more people to choose Sainsbury’s
         the market                                                      sales growth                                                                                             as the place they come to for good food and play
                                                                                                                                           Read more page 13                     a leading role in creating a sustainable food
 2      Customer satisfaction higher                              6     £1 billion cost savings over                                                                            system in the UK
         2026/27 than 2023/24                                            three years to 2026/27
 3      Colleague engagement                                      7 1.6 billion+ retail free cash flow                             Loyalty everyone loves                       Build a world-leading loyalty platform that’s more
         higher 2026/27 than 2023/24                                     over the three years to 2026/27                                                                          personalised, joyful, rewarding and transparent
                                                                                                                                           Read more page 15                     – for everyone
 4      Deliver our Plan for Better                               8     Higher return on capital
         commitments                                                     employed

Progress key                                                                                                                         More Argos, more often                       Unleash and transform Argos around the three
                                                                                                                                                                                  things that have always made it brilliant: its
       No progress     Ongoing       On track                                                                                              Read more page 16                     curated range, famously convenient experience
                                                                                                                                                                                  and great value – so more customers buy more
                                                                                                                                                                                  complete baskets more often

                                                                                                                                     Save and invest to win                       Save £1 billion and invest in transforming our
                                                                                                                                                                                  capabilities – taking another big leap forward in
                                                                                                                                           Read more page 17                     efficiency, productivity and customer focus,
                                                                                                                                                                                  continuing to build a platform for growth
13     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Delivering on our outcomes

                                                              working closely with farmers and suppliers to                                                                        forecast and we continue to expect strong returns.
                                                              strengthen the supply of good food, help tackle                                                                      We also opened 33 new convenience stores, with
                                                              climate, nature and labour challenges and raise                                                                      some standout stores delivering sales more than 50
                                                              animal welfare standards. We are expanding our                                                                       per cent ahead of expectations. In the year ahead,
                                                              long-term partnership model so that by 2027 we will                                                                  we expect to open around ten new supermarkets and
First choice for food                                         be supporting more than 2,500 British and Irish                                                                      at least 20 new convenience stores, adding around
In a year where we faced an unusually high level              farms with long-term contracts. We have committed                                                                    0.5 per cent to sales growth in 2026/27.
of external cost pressures and a more competitive             to invest more than £5 billion in British and Irish
                                                                                                                                                                                   Alongside this, our three year ‘More for More’ plan
market, we were clear that our key objective was to           farming over the coming years.
                                                                                                                                                                                   continues to deliver good progress. Over the last two
sustain our strong competitive position and continue
                                                                                                                                                                                   years we have invested selectively in 70 supermarkets,
to outperform the market. We delivered on this,               c.£1.3 billion invested over the last                                                                                reallocating space towards food and enabling
making balanced choices throughout the year to                five years to deliver consistently                                                                                   customers to shop more of our range both in-store
maintain our strong value position against all key
competitorsa) and deliver volume outperformance               great value                                                                                                          and online. Invested stores are performing ahead of
                                                              Throughout the year, we maintained our strong value                                                                  the rest of the estate, delivering two per cent food
in every quarterc).
                                                              position against all key competitorsa), supported by                                                                 volume growth outperformance in the second half
Customers trust us to deliver good food and they              the biggest Aldi Price Match in the market, more than                                                                and improving total trading intensity by more than
rely on our winning combination of value, quality,            10,000 Nectar Price offers every week, personalised                                                                  five per cent. We will invest in a further 30 stores in
availability and service with more and more shoppers          Your Nectar Prices and Nectar Points offers.                                                                         the year ahead.
choosing us for their big weekly shopd). We now have                                                                     Match now contains at least 75 per cent healthy and
around 1.2 million more big trolley primary customers         Our value investment continues to focus on centre of       better for you products.                                  Delivering for customers however
                                                              the plate items customers buy most often, including
than five years agoe) and we continue to benefit from                                                                                                                              they want to shop with us
switching gains from competitors across the                   produce, dairy, meat, fish and poultry, with 17 per cent   Investing in colleagues and                               Groceries Online sales increased by almost 13 per centl),
                                                              more centre of the plate Aldi Price Match products
whole marketf).
                                                              year on year. This consistent approach to value is
                                                                                                                         customer service                                          supported by rapid growth in OnDemand, where
Customers want to access more of our food range               resonating strongly with customers and continues to        Our commitment to customers is underpinned by             sales rose 69 per cent to more than £700 million and
in more locations, and we are investing to grow our           drive outperformance in fresh food categoriesg), where     our commitment to colleagues. We continue to lead         we now cover 70 per cent of the UK population. We are
food footprint by rebalancing space towards fresh             fresh food sales were up eight per cent.                   the market on overall customer satisfaction in            improving the digital journey for our customers by
food in existing stores and opening new stores in key                                                                    supermarketsk), with improvements across key              bringing Groceries Online, Chop Chop and SmartShop
target locations. At the same time, we are going                                                                         metrics including value for money, product range,
further to amplify the points of difference in our
                                                              Championing quality, innovation                            quality and availabilityk).
                                                                                                                                                                                   into a single coherent app, creating the foundation
                                                                                                                                                                                   for future personalisation and AI led experiences.
customer proposition, with a clear focus on                   and fresh food
                                                              Our brand heritage and leadership in fresh food set        We have invested further in colleague wellbeing,          Convenience store sales grew three per cent,
delivering greater personalisation, improving the
                                                              us apart. Taste the Difference is now the fastest          development, pay and benefits, increasing colleague       supported by outperformance of new space and
shopping experience both in-store and online and
                                                              growing Premium Own Label in the marketh), with            pay by more than 40 per cent over the last five years     invested stores and improved customer satisfaction
championing fresh food and innovation.
                                                              sales ahead of our £2 billion target and Fresh food        and continue to achieve high colleague                    across key metrics, including value for money and
Our brand and heritage in fresh food set us apart.            sales up 16 per cent. More customers are shopping          engagement scores.                                        product rangem).
As customers increasingly look for healthy and                bigger Taste the Difference baskets more frequentlyi)
sustainable options, our reputation for fresh,                and 69 per cent of customers shopped both Aldi Price       Expanding our food footprint
nutritious, high quality and well sourced food                Match and Taste the Difference in the same trolley         Customers want to access more of our food range in
means we are well placed to be first choice for more          during the yearj).                                         more locations. We are investing to grow our food
customers. Our consistent delivery of great value at                                                                     footprint by rebalancing space towards food in
the centre of the plate continues to drive outperformance     We launched more than 1,200 new Own Brand                  existing stores and opening new stores in key
versus the market in key fresh food categoriesg),             products during the year, around half of which were        target locations.
supported by our continued focus on innovation                Taste the Difference, including our new restaurant
and quality.                                                  quality Discovery range. We are increasingly helping       During the year we opened ten new supermarkets,
                                                              customers make healthier choices, with a growing           including two Co-op conversions and three
We are using our scale, reach and capabilities to drive       focus on fibre rich and higher protein diets. Aldi Price   Homebase conversions. Sales to date are ahead of
positive change across the food system and are
14    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                      Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Delivering on our outcomes continued

 In focus                                                                                                     Playing a leading role in a                                Improving performance in the
                                                                                                              sustainable food system                                    products and services that sit
                                                                                                              We are using our scale and influence to strengthen         alongside our food offer
                                                                                                              the supply of good food and drive positive change          Elevated style credentialso) and stronger availability
                                                                                                              across the food system. By early 2027 we will support      delivered six per cent Tu Clothing volume growth, with
                                                             For more than 25 years,                          more than 2,500 British and Irish farms through long       clothing sales up 4.8 per cent and online sales growth
                                                                                                              term partnerships, with more than £5 billion of
                                                             Taste the Difference has                         committed investment. By the end of 2026, 60 per
                                                                                                                                                                         of more than 20 per cent. Tu has outperformed the
                                                                                                                                                                         Clothing market for seven consecutive quartersp).
                                                             brought quality and                              centn) of our own brand produce, meat, fish, dairy
                                                                                                              and poultry will be sourced through long                   Sainsbury’s General Merchandise sales were down

                                                             flavour to households,                           term agreements.                                           3.2 per cent, primarily reflecting expected volume
                                                                                                                                                                         decline driven by our strategic choice to allocate
                                                                                                              Since 2022, our partnership with Comic Relief has
                                                             earning its place as                             raised more than £26 million, funding over 60 million
                                                                                                                                                                         more space to food. We now have an easier-to-shop
                                                                                                                                                                         customers offer with better everyday value and
                                                             a trusted favourite                              meals and supporting more than two million people.
                                                                                                              We have also almost doubled the tonnage of edible
                                                                                                                                                                         product availability, alongside higher trading
                                                                                                                                                                         intensity at a lower cost to serve.
                                                             in British homes.                                surplus food being donated to local communities,
                                                                                                              preventing 11,030 tonnes of surplus food going to          Our Smart Charge proposition also continued to grow
                                                                                                                                                                         strongly. We now have 661 ultra rapid electric vehicle
 Taste the Difference                                        Rhian Bartlett
                                                                                                              waste, a 49 per cent increase year-on-year.
                                                                                                                                                                         charging bays across 80 stores, with five new locations
 celebrates £2bn milestone                                   Chief Commercial and Sustainability Officer      We have refreshed our Plan for Better commitments
                                                                                                              for packaging and human rights. Our new packaging
                                                                                                                                                                         added during the year. Sales growth of 136 per cent
                                                                                                                                                                         was driven primarily by very strong like for like growth,
 For 25 years, Taste the Difference has redefined                                                             targets reflect rapid regulatory and structural change     with more customers shopping with Sainsbury’s while
 supermarket food, focusing on products grown and                                                             in the UK packaging sector, with a focus on improving      they charge, shopping more often and benefiting from
 made with extra care, trusted ingredients and fuller                                                         recyclability and circularity. We refreshed our Human      using Nectar with Smart Charge.
 flavour. That promise still stands today, inspiring                                                          Rights Policy and Saliency Assessment and delivered
 customers to discover new favourites and enjoy
 restaurant-quality meals at home.
                                                             All of our                                       training to over 100 colleagues and more than
                                                                                                              700 supplier representatives. We also launched a new
 This year, Taste the Difference passed a major              recipes are rooted                               international programme with Comic Relief to help
                                                                                                              strengthen climate adaptation, food security and
 milestone, exceeding £2 billion in annual sales for the
 first time – proof that customers want outstanding
                                                             back to authentic                                resilience in sourcing regions most vulnerable to
 quality at prices that still feel affordable prices.        flavours, provenance and                         climate impacts.

 The shift towards dining out at home continues
 to gather momentum as going out becomes more                quality ingredients. I am
 expensive. Worldpanel by Numerator suggests that
 over half of all grocery spend is on own label and          so proud of how Taste the
 Taste the Difference is leading the way as the
 fastest growing premium range in the marketi).
                                                             Difference has evolved
 In October 2025, we launched Discovery, a new
 premium collection from Taste the Difference to
                                                             over the decades.
 help customers enjoy more special occasions at              Viresh Singh
 home, with even more choice.                                Pilgrim’s Food Masters,
                                                             Our supplier partner on the development of our
                                                             new modern Indian ready meals, part of the new
                    Use the QR code to read more          Taste the Difference Discovery range
                       about this major milestone
15     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Delivering on our outcomes continued

                                                              Setting the standard in retail                           In focus
                                                              media and loyalty services
                                                              Brands want to work with fewer, high-quality             Personalised value at every
                                                              networks. We are a partner of choice with reputation
Loyalty everyone loves                                        for scaled first-party data, omnichannel reach,          Sainsbury’s checkout
Customers can save more than £450 a year with                 sophisticated closed-loop measurement capabilities       Around 8.5 million more customers can now                  What really sets us apart is
                                                              and leading client service.                              access personalised savings when they shop in
Nectar, as well as collecting over £170 of Nectar
Points through our well established value proposition         During the year we launched Nectar360 Pollen,
                                                                                                                       our supermarkets. In July 2025, we rolled out Your         our investment in making
of Nectar Prices, personalised Your Nectar Prices,
Nectar Offers and Nectar Points earned across a
                                                              the UK’s most advanced unified Retail Media
                                                                                                                       Nectar Prices across all Sainsbury’s supermarket tills
                                                                                                                       nationwide, taking tailored offers beyond digital          loyalty personal. Shoppers
                                                              platform, connecting audience insight, planning,
coalition of partners. Nectar participation reached
its highest ever level during the year, with digital
                                                              activation, optimisation and measurement in
                                                                                                                       channels so customers can benefit wherever and
                                                                                                                       however they choose to shop.
                                                                                                                                                                                  want to feel recognised and
engagement strengthening in particular, as
                                                              a single, easy-to-use platform that facilitates
                                                              omnichannel advertising in-store, onsite and offsite.                                                               rewarded and while Nectar
customers recognise the benefits of personalised,
rewarding and integrated loyalty and value when
                                                              Client onboarding is well underway, particularly
                                                              among our largest grocery suppliers, with excellent
                                                                                                                                                                                  Prices are for everyone, we
they shop at Sainsbury’s.                                     early feedback on the intuitive and forward-thinking
                                                              nature of the platform. Clients are benefiting from
                                                                                                                                                                                  know our customers love an
The resulting growth of our loyal, primary customer
base is central to the success of the Nectar360 Retail        real-time audience building AI tools, efficiency gains                                                              offer that is made just for
                                                              from a more streamlined creative compliance process
Media business, which now supports over 900 clients
and media agencies. We are increasingly well placed           and market-leading measurement tools that enable                                                                    them. That’s exactly what
to capitalise on the strong forecast growth of Retail
Media in the UK through the high-returning investments
                                                              clearer ROI tracking and smarter decision making.
                                                              Our connected digital screen network now consists
                                                                                                                                                                                  Your Nectar Prices delivers
we are making in our capabilities, and we remain ahead
of plan to deliver at least £100 million of incremental
                                                              of almost 3,000 screens in supermarkets and                                                                         – it’s about giving
                                                              convenience stores, with plans to install a further
profit over the three years to March 2027.                    3,000 screens during the next year. We are continuing                                                               customers those extra
Since the launch of Nectar Prices in April 2023,
customers have saved more than £5.5 billion. During
                                                              to develop our Retail Media capabilities, including
                                                              exploring further opportunities within SmartShop.        How do Your Nectar Prices work?                            savings on the products
the year, customers saved an average of £15.50 on
an £80+ big weekly shop. Your Nectar Prices is now
                                                              We are also growing the Nectar Coalition, launching
                                                                                                                       Your Nectar Prices give customers personalised
                                                                                                                       discounts on the things they love to buy each week,        they love and buy most.
                                                              partnerships with Marriott Bonvoy, FareShare and         chosen just for them based on how they shop at
available across all supermarket checkouts, having            Deliveroo, alongside reward partnerships with Uber                                                                  Mark Given
                                                                                                                       Sainsbury’s. The more you shop with us, the more
previously been available only through Online and             and Uber Eats, broadening the range of rewards                                                                      Chief Technology, Marketing and Data Officer
                                                                                                                       relevant these offers are.
SmartShop. This expansion has been a key driver of            available to customers and strengthening the
record Nectar digital engagement, with a 35 per cent          everyday relevance of Nectar.                            Customers are increasingly trusting us for great           What are customers saying?
increase in digitally active usersq).                                                                                  value on the products that matter most to them,
                                                                                                                       which is creating greater loyalty and even more
                                                                                                                       big trolley shops – contributing to our ambition
                                                                                                                       to become First choice for food.                               I’m really impressed by
                                                                                                                                                                                      how tailored it is to me.”

                                                                                                                       £450
                                                                                                                       annual customer savings
                                                                                                                                                        35%
                                                                                                                                                        increase in digital                        I know it’s a cliché, but it
                                                                                                                       with Nectar                      active Nectar users
                                                                                                                                                        following this roll-out
                                                                                                                                                                                                   makes me feel special.”
16    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Delivering on our outcomes continued

                                                                                                                                                               volume growth but declined in the peak third quarter,
 In focus                                                                                                                                                      impacted by lower ASP.

 Introducing Nectar360                                                                                                                                         Expanding breadth and depth
 Pollen: a simpler, smarter                                                                         More Argos, more often                                     of ranges
 way for brands to connect                                   Nectar360 has delivered                We have taken determined action to accelerate the          We continued to expand the breadth and depth
                                                                                                                                                               of our ranges to improve customer choice and
 with customers                                              a genuinely
                                                                                                    transformation of Argos, balancing our objective to
                                                                                                    improve the customer proposition with structural cost      relevance. During the year, we added 13,000 new
 Retail media is changing the way brands connect                                                                                                               Supplier Direct Fulfilled products, with a particular
 with shoppers, bringing together digital and                user‑experience‑first                  reduction and greater efficiency in our supply chain.
                                                                                                                                                               focus on Beauty, Toys and Electricals, driving strong
                                                                                                    We continue to invest in strategic initiatives to
 in-store experiences and reaching customers when
 they are most likely to act.                                platform, seamlessly                   strengthen choice, availability and service for
                                                                                                                                                               sales growth. The planned launch of a marketplace
                                                                                                                                                               in the year ahead will further expand choice
 In the Autumn, we launched Nectar360 Pollen                 bringing together its suite            customers and to build a stronger digital proposition,
                                                                                                    alongside the launch of Argos Pay, our new flexible
                                                                                                                                                               for customers.
 (Pollen): a game-changing retail media platform
 designed to make it simpler for brands to reach             of media capabilities with             financial services offer. Customer satisfaction
                                                                                                    regarding value and ranger) and brand consideration
                                                                                                                                                               At the same time, we are simplifying and
                                                                                                                                                               strengthening our own brand offer by rationalising
 customers in more meaningful, relevant ways.
                                                             generative AI and                      both improveds) during the year, helping to deliver
                                                                                                    growth in customer numbers and volumes. In a highly
                                                                                                                                                               Argos owned private label brands from 27 to seven
                                                                                                                                                               core brands. The relaunch of Chad Valley and our
 Pollen brings campaign planning, activation, and
 measurement into one place. From real-time                  sophisticated real‑time                competitive and subdued general merchandise                design led collaborations within Habitat delivered
                                                                                                                                                               positive market share performances across toys and
                                                                                                    market, this volume growth was largely offset by
 creative optimisation to intelligent audience
 building, it uses generative AI to accelerate               multi‑touch attribution.               pricing pressure and a higher participation of lower       homewarest), with a 21 per cent improvement in sales
                                                                                                                                                               growth in Chad Valley following relaunch.
 campaign activation and effectiveness.
                                                             Having all of this in one              ticket items.
                                                                                                    We have also established a dedicated Argos                 Investing in efficiency, digital
 Using Sainsbury’s first-party Nectar insight, it helps
 brands understand what’s working and optimises              platform is transformative             management team to help accelerate the pace of
                                                                                                                                                               capabilities and services
                                                                                                    change and drive cost reduction, supporting
 campaigns while they are live. It connects media
 across stores and online, giving a transparent view
                                                             for marketers.                         investments in infrastructure and technology               We continued to invest in digital capabilities and
                                                                                                    platforms for Argos.                                       added value services to support growth in a highly
 of performance and impact.
                                                             Charlotte Murphy                                                                                  competitive digital market. Improvements to the
                                                             Head of Retail Media at Unilever       Encouraging volume performance                             Argos app are delivering personalised recommendations,
                                                             and one of our first clients to test                                                              app-only offers and a smoother account set up and
                                                             and feed into the user experience
                                                                                                    offset by lower average selling price                      purchasing journey. These changes supported higher
                                                                                                    Argos sales increased by 0.7 per cent in the year.         conversion and increased visits, with app visits up
                                                             of Nectar360 Pollen
                                                                                                    A strong summer performance was offset by more             24 per cent year on year.
                                                                                                    subdued consumer spending over the peak Black Friday
                                                                                                    and Christmas period. Sales volumes increased by           During the year we launched Argos Pay, a flexible
                                                                                                    3.7 per cent, driven by higher customer numbers and        credit solution in partnership with NewDay.
                                                                                                    bigger baskets but this was largely offset by a three      We also delivered significant cost savings across
                                                                                                    per cent decline in average selling price, reflecting      stores, depots and warehouses, supported by
                                                                                                    competitive pricing pressure and higher participation      investments in AI and automation to improve vehicle
                                                                                                    of lower ticket items.                                     routing, stock management and customer targeting.
                                                                                                    Profits were broadly in line with last year, with          We are streamlining and modernising our store
                                                                                                    the benefit from higher volumes and operating cost         estate by right sizing standalone stores, improving
                                                                                                    savings offset by lower Average Selling Price (ASP),       signage and technology in Argos stores within
                                                                                                    higher cost of driving online traffic and higher wage      Sainsbury’s, and opening new collection points,
                                                                                                    inflation. Profits increased year on year in the           helping to improve efficiency while maintaining
                                                                                                    first half, reflecting strong Summer seasonal              Argos’ market leading convenience for customers.
17     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report    Governance Report       Financial Statements


Delivering on our outcomes continued

                                                              We are also simplifying the business to deliver                                                                      a) Value Reality, February 2026 vs February 2025; Acuity,
                                                                                                                                                                                      internal modelling
                                                              sustainable cost savings. Changes to in store
                                                                                                                                                                                   b) Worldpanel by Numerator Panel (Kantar), Universe: City read
                                                              operations have reallocated 170,000 square feet of                                                                      Grocery, Volume market share, 2016/17 to 2025/26, 52 weeks
                                                              space to improved food ranges, delivering nearly                                                                        to 1 March 2026
                                                              £50 million of savings. We are continuing to automate                                                                c) Worldpanel by Numerator Panel (Kantar), Total FMCG exc.
Save and invest to win                                        our logistics operations, including at Argos’ Daventry
                                                                                                                                                                                      Kiosk & Tobacco, Volume growth YoY, Total Market and
                                                                                                                                                                                      Sainsbury’s, 2025/26 quarters
As we enter the final year of our Next Level plan, we         warehouse, and have introduced automated mobile                                                                      d) Worldpanel by Numerator Panel (Kantar), Total Fresh &
remain on track to deliver £1 billion of cost savings,        robots at our Northampton site, driving greater                                                                         Grocery exc. Kiosk & Tobacco, Main Shop Buyers, 52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                                                                      1 March 2026
having delivered around £680 million since February           efficiency and capacity and supporting long term
                                                                                                                                                                                   e) Worldpanel by Numerator Panel (Kantar), Total Fresh &
2024 and nearly £2 billion over the past five years.          value creation.                                                                                                         Grocery exc. Kiosk & Tobacco, Primary shopper number
                                                                                                                                                                                      growth (actual) 2020/21 to 2025/26, 52 weeks to 22 February
Our savings programme helped us sustain the
strength of our competitive position in a year in
                                                              Financial Services                                                                                                      2026. Primary shopper is defined as any shopper who
                                                                                                                                                                                      bought 40% or more of their groceries at particular retailer
                                                              We are creating a simpler, more focused Financial                                                                       within the time period indicated
which we navigated high levels of operating cost                                                                                                                                   f) Worldpanel by Numerator Panel (Kantar), Total Fresh &
inflation, including significantly higher National            Services model, fully integrated into our retail
                                                                                                                                                                                      Grocery exc. Kiosk & Tobacco, Retailer to/from Volume net
Insurance costs and the introduction of the Extended          business. As a result, following completion of the exit                                                                 switching gains/losses, 52 weeks to 22 February 2026
Producer Responsibility scheme. We continue to                from core banking, Financial Services will no longer                                                                 g) NielsenIQ EPOS, Total FMCG excl. Kiosk & Tobacco, Fresh
                                                              be reported as a separate operating segment. The                                                                        categories (Sainsburys defined category hierarchy) volume
invest to improve colleague safety, enhance loss                                                                                                                                      growth YoY, 52 weeks to 28 February 2026
prevention measures and accelerate the use of                 ongoing Financial Services contribution will be                                                                      h) Worldpanel by Numerator Panel (Kantar), Total Fresh & Grocery
technology to drive efficiency, resilience and                generated from Argos Care, commission income                                                                            exc. Kiosk & Tobacco, Premium Own Label tier (excl. Premium
                                                              from Insurance, Travel Money, ATMs and white label                                                                      Plus tier), Volume growth YoY, 52 weeks to 1 March 2026
sustainable long-term value creation.                                                                                                                                              i) Worldpanel by Numerator Panel (Kantar), Total Fresh &
                                                              banking products, alongside income from the                                                                             Grocery exc.Kiosk, Premium Own Label tier (excl. Premium
Technology and automation investments are                     NewDay Argos Pay partnership.                                                                                           Plus tier), Basket size – number of Taste the Difference items
improving availability, reducing waste and driving                                                                                                                                    per basket, Frequency and Buyers YoY growth, 52 weeks to
efficiency. SmartShop is now available in the                 We continue to make good progress with our plan                                                                         1st March 2026
majority of supermarkets, machine learning                    to exit core banking services and streamline the                                                                     j) Nectar / Groceries Online customers shopping both Aldi Price
                                                                                                                                                                                      Match and Taste the Difference at least once during 2025/26
forecasting is embedded across all food products              Financial Services proposition. In June 2024, we
                                                                                                                                                                                   k) CSAT Supermarket Competitor Benchmarking data – Overall
and we have launched an AI Centre of Excellence to            announced the sale of Sainsbury’s Bank personal                                                                         Supermarket Satisfaction 2025/26 vs full-choice grocers and
drive responsible, scalable and value led adoption of         loan, credit card and retail deposit portfolios to                                                                      2025/26 vs 2024/25 year-on-year improvement in key
                                                              NatWest Group, with the successful migration of                                                                         metrics: value for money, product range, quality and
AI. These tools are improving colleague productivity,                                                                                                                                 availability. Note: March 2025 data unavailable
customer service and supply chain optimisation,               customers completed across October and                                                                               l) Groceries Online includes sales through Sainsburys.co.uk
enabling colleagues to focus more time on                     November 2025.                                                                                                          and sales through OnDemand channels serviced by
                                                                                                                                                                                      supermarket and convenience locations
customer-facing and value-adding work.                        In September 2024, we announced the sale of the           In April 2026, we announced a new partnership with         m) CSAT Convenience Competitor Benchmarking data –2025/26 vs
                                                              ATM business to NoteMachine, which completed              NatWest to provide loans, savings products and a              2024/25 year-on-year improvement in key metrics: value for
We are taking a targeted, data-led approach to                                                                                                                                        money and product range. Note: March 2025 data unavailable
strengthening colleague and customer safety and               in May 2025.                                              new NatWest Nectar credit card, with products              n) Based on Cost Of Goods Sold (COGS) from suppliers (Dairy,
improving loss prevention. Trials of facial recognition       In October 2024, we announced the sale of the Argos       expected to be available in the second half of 2026.          Meat, Fish, Poultry, Produce) with minimum five year
                                                                                                                                                                                      long-term agreements in place or planned, divided by total
technology with Facewatch in two stores showed an             store card portfolio to NewDay and the launch of a        We expect to complete the final stage of the bank             COGS of these categories
almost 50 per cent reduction in logged incidents and          new partnership to create an Argos-branded digital        exit and surrender the banking licence by July 2026.       o) Brand Tracking – Style (H2 2025/26 vs H2 2024/25)
more than 90 per cent of identified offenders not             credit proposition. Argos Pay went live in February                                                                  p) Worldpanel by Numerator Panel (Kantar), Total Clothing,
returning, with the technology extended to additional         2026, with the migration of existing customers            Net proceeds from the bank exit enabled the                   Footwear and Accessories. YoY retailer spend growth vs the
                                                                                                                                                                                      market – from 12 weeks to 23 June 2024 to 12 weeks to
London stores and plans to introduce the technology           expected to complete during 2026/27.                      return of £300 million to shareholders, with a further        1 March 2026
in more stores nationwide. We continue to additionally                                                                  £100 million to be returned through incremental            q) Increase in digitally active Nectar users February 2026
invest in targeted shrink measures, including                 In July 2025, we agreed an arrangement with               share buybacks in 2026/27.                                    vs February 2025
self-checkout video analytics and enhanced                    Allianz UK for car and home insurance, which                                                                         r) Argos CSAT Survey – value for money and product range
                                                              completed in August 2025 and agreed the sale of           The operating profit outcome was breakeven,                   – February 2025/26 vs February 2024/25
shelf-edge protection in convenience stores.                                                                            representing a £22 million improvement versus the          s) YouGov Brand Tracking – Consideration – YoY improvement,
                                                              the Travel Money business to Fexco Group, which                                                                         2025/26 vs 2024/25
                                                              completed in January 2026.                                prior year, supported by cost reduction measures
                                                                                                                                                                                   t) GFK (Home) & Circana (Toys) market share data, 12 months
                                                                                                                        and effective treasury management.                            to the end of February 2026
18        J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Key performance indicators


    Operational

Food volume growth (%)                                           Customer satisfaction                                         Colleague engagement                                      Plan for Better commitment
Ahead of the market                                              (score)                                                       (score)
Definition                                                       Definition                                                    Definition                                                Definition
Growth in Sainsbury’s Grocery volume market share                The percentage of ‘highly satisfied’ answers out of           Colleague engagement score out of 100 from the            Key sustainability focus areas across GHG emissions,
over 52 weeks as measured by Kantar.                             the total sample in response to the following question:       internal, annual ‘We’re Listening’ survey in response     plastic packaging, food waste and healthy and
                                                                 “Based on your most recent visit or online order to           to the question: “How happy are you working               sustainable diets.
                                                                 this Sainsbury’s, how satisfied were you with your            for Sainsbury’s”.
                                                                 overall experience?”




+46 bps
vs 2023/24 base
                                                                 (60) bps
                                                                 vs 2023/24 base
                                                                                                                               Maintained
                                                                                                                               vs 2023/24 base
                                                                                                                                                                                           Carbon Scope 1 and 2 – ahead of SBTi 1.5 °C
                                                                                                                                                                                           trajectory to be net zero by 2035
                                                                                                                                                                                           Carbon Scope 3 – achieved 2025/26 targets
                                                                                                                                                                                           for suppliers with any SBTi 1.5 °C
                                                                                                                                                                                           targets approved
                                                                                                                                                                                           Plastic – missed 2025 CY target for plastic
2025/26                                               12.94      2025/26                                                       2025/26                                                     packaging reduction
2024/25*                                              12.82      2024/25                                                       2024/25
                                                                                                                                                                                           Food waste – on track for 50% reduction by 2030
2023/24*                                            12.48        2023/24                                                       2023/24
                                                                                                                                                                                           Healthy and sustainable diets – missed 2025/26
2022/23                                             12.21        2022/23                                                       2022/23                                                     target for Healthy and Better for you sales tonnage
2021/22                                             12.22        2021/22                                                       2021/22
                                                                                                                                                                                         In the absence of targets aligned to Next Level
*    Kantar universe restated data.                              2021/22 data from the previous programme; adjusted to align
                                                                 with current methodology.
                                                                                                                                                                                         Sainsbury’s, assessment is based on progress
                                                                                                                                                                                         towards either interim or long-term targets.

Reason                                                           Reason                                                        Reason                                                    Reason
Measures our success in becoming the first choice                Measures performance on key drivers of customer               Measures colleague motivation and satisfaction,           Measures progress against our Plan for Better to
for food for more customers and a key driver of                  satisfaction, helping us gauge whether we are making          recognising that our colleagues are crucial to our        support a resilient and sustainable food system in
operating leverage.                                              the right balanced choices.                                   success as we build a right-sized organisation set up     the UK.
                                                                                                                               to win.
19        J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Key performance indicators continued


 Financial

Profit leverage from sales                                       Cost savings (£m)                                          Retail free cash flow (£m)                                   Return on capital employed
growth (%)                                                                                                                                                                               (%)
Retail underlying operating margin                               £1 billion over three years                                £1.6 billion over three years                                versus 2023/24 base
versus 2023/24 base                                              to 2026/27                                                 to 2026/27                                                   Definition
Definition                                                       Definition                                                 Definition                                                   Underlying profit before interest and tax, divided by
Profit leverage measured through an improvement                  Total cost savings as a result of identified initiatives   Net cash generated from retail operations, after             average net assets excluding pension deficit/surplus,
in retail underlying operating margin. Calculated                excluding Sainsbury’s Bank.                                cash capital expenditure and after investments               less net debt, calculated on a 14 point basis. Target to
as retail underlying operating profit as a percentage                                                                       in joint ventures and associates. Refer to note A2.1         increase. Refer to note A4.1 on page 206
of retail sales excluding fuel excluding VAT.                                                                               on page 204 for reconciliation.                              for reconciliation.



(6) bps                                                          £680 million                                               £1,105 million                                               +60 bps
vs 2023/24 base                                                  cumulative savings                                         cumulative cash                                              vs 2023/24 base




2025/26                                                          2025/26                            331                     2025/26                                        574           2025/26                                             8.9
2024/25                                                          2024/25                              349                   2024/25                                    531               2024/25                                                 9.0
2023/24                                                          2023/24                             347                    2023/24                                              639     2023/24                                           8.3
2022/23                                                          2022/23                               363                  2022/23                                              645     2022/23                                     7.6
2021/22                                                          2021/22                                            553     2021/22                                  503                 2021/22                                           8.4




Reason                                                           Reason                                                     Reason                                                       Reason
Measures whether our volume growth and cost                      Recognises cost savings are a vital source of fuel to      Measures whether we are balancing the need to                Vital to ensuring that our investments in food
savings delivery are converting sales growth into                reinvest in value, quality and service by creating a       invest in the business while also delivering strong          space, technology and efficiency generate strong
stronger profit delivery.                                        more efficient, automated and simplified business.         cash returns for shareholders.                               long‑term returns.
20     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Our people and culture


Developing an inclusive culture
Our vision is to be the most trusted                          Investing in colleagues
retailer, where people love to work                           Our colleagues are the beating heart of our business and
                                                              we believe that happy, healthy and engaged colleagues
and shop. That means developing and                           deliver great customer service. To support our frontline
growing our talent and maximising                             customer-facing colleagues, we rewarded their
the creativity and diversity of                               exceptional contribution with an above inflation pay rise
colleagues in an environment                                  earlier this year. We have increased pay by 42 per cent
                                                              in the last five years, reflecting our commitment
where everyone can thrive.                                    to support colleagues’ wellbeing and success with
                                                              competitive rates and a strong benefits package.
Our colleagues are integral to delivering our Next
Level Sainsbury’s strategy and we are committed to            We offer a competitive pension scheme contributing
creating a truly inclusive workplace where everyone           up to 7.5 per cent of salary and colleagues also benefit
is treated fairly and with respect and supported to           from support on their everyday spending through
grow their skills and realise their potential.                our uncapped colleague discount. We offer 10 per
                                                              cent discount at Sainsbury’s and Argos all year
                                                              round, with discount increasing to 15 per cent at



 Our valued behaviours
 Our valued behaviours are embedded across everything we do in order to deliver our purpose and strategy.
 They enable all colleagues to understand our ways of working and what is expected of them to enhance
 the colleague and customer experience. Our valued behaviours are reflected in policies, incentive and
 recognition schemes such as ‘Love It’ and decision-making to help us embed our desired culture.




                                                      Make It                                 Be
               Own It                                 Better                                Human                         Sainsbury’s every Friday and Saturday, alongside         All colleagues have the opportunity to become
                                                                                                                          additional discount uplifts at key moments such as       shareholders in Sainsbury’s through our Sharesave
                                                                                                                          Easter and Christmas. This year we celebrated our        and Share Purchase Plan. To further support financial
     • Do what you say you’ll do           • Improve things for                  • Walk in the shoes of your              Christmas peak period by giving colleagues a             resilience, we partner with Salary Finance, giving
     • Don’t walk past a problem             your customer                         colleagues and customers               £10 voucher towards their festive shopping.              colleagues greater flexibility to access a proportion
                                           • Spot opportunities                  • Show care and respect                                                                           of their pay ahead of pay day. Colleagues also have
                                                                                                                          We continue to provide practical, day-to-day support
                                             to simplify                           to everyone                                                                                     access to Simple Savings and Help to Save saving
                                                                                                                          for colleagues across our operations, including free
                                                                                                                                                                                   schemes where they can save directly from salary.
                                                                                                                          food for store and depot colleagues during their
 Aligned with our valued behaviours, we have set performance expectations for our colleagues and defined                  shifts and free sanitary products for colleagues         In addition, we continue to make an annual
 leadership expectations for our leaders to role model. These provide a framework for everyone to understand              across all our locations.                                contribution to GroceryAid, a charity that supports
 how delivery in their roles translates into performance. These expectations underpin our approach to                                                                              grocery workers across a range of areas, including
 managing and incentivising performance and supporting career and development conversations.                                                                                       financial support.
21     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Our people and culture continued

Opportunities to develop and grow                                                                                         leaders and ethnic minority future leaders. During         As part of the Safer and Healthier Sainsbury’s
We offer a wide variety of development programmes                                                                         the last financial year, ten colleagues from different     strategy, we are broadening our focus on colleague
and opportunities for colleagues at every stage of their                                                                  levels of the organisation participated in these           health through proactive measurement and
career. These include personal development toolkits,                                                                      programmes, supporting our commitment to                   management of psychosocial risk, musculoskeletal
apprenticeships, graduate programmes and leadership                                                                       building a leadership team that reflects the               health and occupational disease. This work builds on
programmes including Leading@Sainsbury’s. Colleagues                                                                      communities we serve.                                      regulatory expectations and emerging best practice,
also have access to a comprehensive learning platform                                                                                                                                strengthening our preventative approach and
which hosts mandatory training, online courses and                                                                        Health, safety and wellbeing                               long‑term health outcomes.
range of personal development courses.                                                                                    Alongside our focus on development and growth,             We maintain strong governance processes, with
                                                                                                                          we are equally committed to ensuring that colleagues       regular Board and union engagement, supported by
Over the last year, we have upskilled retail colleagues
                                                                                                                          are safe, supported and able to perform at their best.     a well‑established Primary Authority partnership
across a series of core skills to better serve our
customers, enabled by simplified learning that                                                                            The health, safety and wellbeing of our colleagues and     across health, food, fire and petroleum safety. These
prioritises on the job learning. Within six months,                                                                       customers is a fundamental priority and is central         relationships ensure continued regulatory alignment
the percentage of colleagues with all four core skills                                                                    to our Safer and Healthier Sainsbury’s strategy.           and confidence.
had increased from 6 per cent to 39 per cent, unlocking                                                                   This strategy strengthens our proactive approach           Supporting the wellbeing of our colleagues is equally
flexibility and capability across the shop floor. Through                                                                 to managing risk and ensures clear oversight of our        important to us. Our holistic wellbeing approach
this multiskilling initiative, colleagues have more
earning potential, with the number of colleagues
                                                              Ensuring our                                                key controls, which are now monitored and assured
                                                                                                                          through our Group Safety Committee.
                                                                                                                                                                                     is embedded into every aspect of our employees’
                                                                                                                                                                                     experience and is underpinned by our three pillars:
regularly completing overtime up 25 per cent. We have         colleagues stay                                             We continue to respond to rising retail crime through      mental, physical and financial wellbeing. We have
developed 605 colleagues into first line manager                                                                                                                                     a dedicated Wellbeing team which is responsible for
roles via our Retail Trainee Manager Programme,               healthy, safe and                                           a combination of preventative measures, including
                                                                                                                          strengthening local communication, enhancing               developing and driving our wellbeing strategy, which
strengthening our internal talent pipeline and
supporting progression from within. For our existing          well is fundamental                                         colleague training and development and trialling
                                                                                                                          new solutions. In September 2025, we trialled facial
                                                                                                                                                                                     is overseen by our Wellbeing Steering Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                     and Tracey Clements, Operating Board Sponsor for
managers, we ran a Retail Leadership Capability
Programme, with over 11,000 retail managers
                                                              to our people centred                                       recognition technology with Facewatch in two of our        Wellbeing. Our network of colleague Wellbeing
                                                                                                                                                                                     Champions plays a vital role in promoting awareness
                                                                                                                          stores to help keep our colleagues and customers
completing upskilling in Leading Change, Inclusive
Leadership and Planning and Prioritisation.
                                                              approach to business.                                       safe. The results were encouraging, with a 46 per          of available help and support and ensuring colleague
                                                                                                                                                                                     voices are heard across the organisation.
                                                                                                                          cent reduction in logged incidents of theft, harm
We have also significantly strengthened our                   Tracey Clements                                             and aggression and anti-social behaviour and               We aim to ensure that every colleague will have
corporate capability to deliver human centred change          Chief Retail, Logistics and Supply Chain Officer            92 per cent of offenders did not return to our stores.     access to mental, physical and financial health
at scale. Through our Leading Change upskilling               and Operating Board Sponsor for Wellbeing                   Due to the success of the trial, in January 2026, we       and wellbeing support that enables them to make
programmes, more than 1,000 leaders across retail                                                                         extended the technology to five additional London          positive and proactive choices, to thrive in all aspects
and our store support centres built the confidence            the essential skills all future retail leaders will need.   supermarkets and as the rollout to more stores             of life. We offer a range of wellbeing programmes,
and capability to anticipate and address resistance to        The two-year programme provides experience at the           progresses, we will continue to learn from it and          initiatives and education, such as our partnerships
change, accelerate adoption, improve consistency of           heart of Sainsbury’s, developing critical skills in four    refine our approach as we go.                              with the Employee Assistance Programme, Salary
outcomes and enhance the experience of change for             key areas identified as the skills shaping the future                                                                  Finance, Wellhub and Wellbeing pages on our intranet.
                                                                                                                          Our independent Health and Safety team
our colleagues. Alongside this, we evolved the role of        of retail: digital and AI; data and analytics; change                                                                  Our Mental Health Policy affirms our commitment
                                                                                                                          provides specialist support across all areas of the
our Make It Better Together representatives, enabling         and transformation; and business decision-making.                                                                      to providing a working environment which supports
                                                                                                                          organisation, using risk mapping and data insight
over 80 Change Champions to actively role model                                                                                                                                      and respects colleagues experiencing mental health
                                                              Our leadership offer provides the opportunity to            to identify sites needing targeted intervention,
change and support their functions as early adopters.                                                                                                                                problems, including access to line manager support,
                                                              participate in a range of development programmes,           maintain strong compliance and reduce harm.
Together, these investments have materially                                                                                                                                          workplace adjustments, occupational health and the
                                                              including coaching designed to support colleagues           This year, we achieved a 13 per cent reduction in
improved our ability to land change with greater                                                                                                                                     Employee Assistance Programme where required.
                                                              to build both functional and leadership skills and          accidents and incidents and a 31 per cent reduction
pace, empathy and impact across the organisation.                                                                                                                                    97 per cent of line managers completed our Mental
                                                              capabilities. To strengthen a diverse leadership and        in major recoverable incidents, driven by a number
In January 2026, we opened applications for a new                                                                         of targeted interventions introduced by the Health         Health Awareness training, strengthening their
                                                              talent pipeline, we provide opportunities for our
graduate programme, FutureMaker, designed to                                                                              and Safety team. This performance significantly            capability to support our colleagues’ mental wellbeing.
                                                              diverse talent to participate in programmes
support early career professionals in developing              delivered by Diversity in Retail for women future           exceeded our targets.
22     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                             Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Our people and culture continued

Health, safety and wellbeing                                   Sainsbury’s Colleague Networks
continued
                                                               Our networks are led by our colleagues and are open to colleagues of that community and other allies. 13,000 of our colleagues are members of the networks.
We have also empowered our colleagues to work
differently in ways that support both performance                                        Our EnAble network champions all colleagues with disabilities, long-term conditions and neurodiverse conditions and supports them all
and wellbeing. The launch of our Next Level Ways                                         to fulfil their potential by building an inclusive environment for them to thrive and feel empowered. It is sponsored by Bláthnaid Bergin,
of Working initiative marked a significant step                                          Chief Financial Officer.
forward in how we operate across our store support
centre. The initiative has four clear pillars: Customer                                  This year, the EnAble network hosted a Disability Week which focused on how line managers can support colleagues with disabilities
Closeness, Outcome-Based Working, Smart Weeks,                 at Sainsbury’s            and long-term chronic conditions, including those with neurodiverse conditions, and focused on celebrating the successes of those living
and Meaningful Meetings – designed to maximise                                           with disabilities.
performance, productivity and flexibility.                                               Our I AM ME network is dedicated to fostering confidence, driving authenticity and supporting better career progression of ethnically
Smart Weeks provide colleagues with greater                                              diverse colleagues, celebrating different cultures and building an inclusive environment. It is sponsored by Graham Biggart, Managing
flexibility in how they structure their working time,                                    Director Argos and Chief Strategy Officer.
recognising that workload and personal commitments                                       In the year, the I AM ME network hosted many business-wide events, including Race Equality Week, South Asian Heritage Month, East
vary across the year, while continuing to meet                                           and South East Asian Heritage Month and Black History Month. A particular highlight was an event called Courage as a Collective in Race
the needs of a seven-days-a-week business. By                                            Equality Week which focused on how everyone can take responsibility for ensuring racial equality in the workplace.
embedding these principles, we have empowered
every store support centre colleague to work more                                        Our Inspire network drives positive change within Sainsbury’s, creating an inclusive culture that inspires, connects and supports
flexibly, connect more closely with customers across                                     colleagues to reach their potential, regardless of gender. It is sponsored by Rhian Bartlett, Chief Commercial Officer.
our 40 store hubs and three store support centres, and
                                                                                         This year, as well as a four-week-long celebration of International Women’s Day which highlighted the inspirational career stories of
ensure our meetings are purposeful and productive.
                                                                                         leading women at Sainsbury’s and in the grocery industry, the network was instrumental in the implementation of the Little Book of
This approach supports a thriving workplace culture
                                                                                         Women’s Health and the Women’s Health Series.
while strengthening our ability to deliver for customers
and frontline colleagues.                                                                Our Proud@Sainsbury’s network aims to support our ambition to be a truly inclusive retailer where every one of our colleagues can fulfil
                                                                                         their potential and where our customers feel welcome when they shop with us. It is sponsored by Mark Given, Chief Technology, Marketing
                                                                                         and Data Officer.
Colleagues who told us they feel
                                                                                         This year, the Proud@Sainsbury’s team and allies were a visible presence at more than 30 Pride events across the country, including
comfortable being themselves at work



79%
                                                                                         UK Black Pride, emphasising the importance of allyship and cross-organisational working. They also continued to mark many important
                                                                                         moments, including Trans Awareness Week, International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia, Non-Binary People’s Day,
                                                                                         Bisexual Awareness Week, Lesbian Visibility Day, Non-Binary Awareness Week and LGBT+ History Month.

                                                                                         Our We Care network aims to make caring visible by raising awareness and supporting our carer colleagues to reach their full potential by
(We’re Listening, August 2025)                                                           building empathy and real flexibility to drive positive culture change. It is sponsored by Claire Pickthall, Retail, Omnichannel and Logistics
                                                                                         Transformation Director.
Rated



Tier 1
                                                               We Care at Sainsbury’s    During the year, the We Care network focused on providing resources, guidance and advice for our carers and line managers. It also
                                                                                         celebrated Carers Week, during which it was instrumental in the launch of the Carer’s Passport, including a video and a guide which help
                                                                                         managers and colleagues to use the Carer’s Passport well.


in the 2025 CCLA Mental Health benchmark – the
first and only food retailer to achieve this ranking
two years in a row
23     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                       Strategic Report   Governance Report      Financial Statements


Our people and culture continued

Diversity and inclusion targets                                                                                                                                            colleagues. Although all retail hourly paid colleagues
                                                                                                                                                                           receive the same base rate of pay, stores in London
                                                                                                                                                                           attract a location premium which drives this outcome.
 Senior leadership positions (the top 180 leaders)1                                                                                                                        Ethnically diverse retail hourly paid colleagues are
 2028 target: 50% women                                     2028 target: 15% ethnically diverse                                                                            significantly more likely to work in London stores,
                                                                                                                                                                           with around 48 per cent based there compared to
 2025/26                                      43.2%         2025/26                               7.7%                                                                     only 7 per cent of White hourly paid colleagues.
 2024/25                                         48.4%      2024/25                                  8.9%                                                                  As we continue to navigate organisational change, our
                                                                                                                                                                           focus remains on improving diverse representation at
 1   Excluding Bank and Asia colleagues.                                                                                                                                   all levels of the business. We have a stretching ambition
                                                                                                                                                                           to achieve 50 per cent women and 15 per cent ethnically
                                                                                                                                                                           diverse representation at senior levels by 2028. These
 Senior management positions (the top 1,000 leaders beneath the top 200 senior                               Diversity, equity and inclusion                               targets, covering the period from 2024 to 2028, were
 leadership positions)2                                                                                      Our diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) strategy,           informed by a detailed analysis of our workforce
                                                                                                             aligned to Sainsbury’s purpose, is focused on embedding       demographics alongside national benchmarks,
 2028 target: 50% women                                     2028 target: 15% ethnically diverse              inclusion and equity into how we work and creating an         ensuring they are both ambitious and relevant to
                                                                                                             environment that reflects the communities we serve. We        our business context. Progress against these targets
 2025/26                                         41.4%      2025/26                                  12.5%   build inclusive practice into our talent and performance      is set out on on the graphs on the left of this page.
 2024/25                                         41.4%      2024/25                                11.7%     processes from the point a colleague joins us, including      Each division receives a quarterly update of progress
                                                                                                             new Inclusion training at onboarding, which encourages        against these targets, allowing our People partners
 2   Excluding Bank and Asia colleagues.                                                                     everyone to be comfortable being themselves at work           to work closely with their business leaders in order
                                                                                                             and emphasises the importance of supporting one               to ensure that they keep a focus on building a talent
                                                                                                             another. We’ve identified a number of moments that            pipeline that supports our inclusive ambitions.
                                                                                                             matter across the colleague lifecycle where we’re
 Total colleagues                                                                                            ensuring that managers know the importance of
                                                                                                                                                                           We are committed to being an inclusive employer
                                                                                                                                                                           with diverse representation at all levels of our
                                                                                                             inclusion and equity when evaluating performance.
                                           Building a diverse                                                We listen closely to colleague feedback through our
                                                                                                                                                                           business. Senior managers involved in recruitment
                                                                                                                                                                           are trained to make inclusive decisions and actively
                                                                                                             annual engagement survey, regular pulse surveys
                                           workforce is our best way                                         and ongoing listening, using these insights to drive
                                                                                                                                                                           manage bias throughout the process. Our recruitment
                                                                                                                                                                           dashboard enables us to assess how effectively we
                                           of representing and serving                                       action at team level and continuously improve the
                                                                                                             colleague experience.
                                                                                                                                                                           attract diverse talent across our store support centre,
                                                                                                                                                                           retail and logistics roles, and to identify any adverse
                                           our communities across the UK.                                    We continue to concentrate on equal representation            impact within the recruitment process. Using these

                                           We’re committed to ensuring that we                               and transparency across the business, and this year
                                                                                                             marks our ninth gender pay gap report and the sixth
                                                                                                                                                                           insights, we work closely with our Talent partners
                                                                                                                                                                           across the business to agree and implement targeted
     Women (68,707)
     Men (70,380)
                            49.4%
                            50.6%
                                           represent our customers today and                                 year of voluntarily reporting on our ethnically diverse
                                                                                                             pay gap. In our most recent report, our mean gender
                                                                                                                                                                           interventions that support our inclusivity objectives.

                                           meet the needs of our customers                                   pay gap decreased further from 7.5 per cent to 6.6 per
                                                                                                             cent in favour of men, while our median gender pay
                                                                                                                                                                           We are proud that our diversity, equity and inclusion
                                                                                                                                                                           initiatives have been recognised at a national level,
                                           tomorrow in the most relevant                                     gap has increased from 6.1 per cent to 6.5 per cent. This
                                                                                                                                                                           being recognised as a ‘Leading Edge’ employer in the
                                                                                                                                                                           Women in Hospitality & Leisure/Diversity in Retail
                                                                                                             pay gap continues to exist due to more senior positions
                                           and engaging ways.                                                held by men, and men occupying a greater number
                                                                                                                                                                           Inclusion Maturity Curve and scoring 7.2 against an
                                                                                                                                                                           industry average of 4.8 in the Diversity in Grocery
                                                                                                             of certain hourly paid roles that attract a premium.
                                                                                                                                                                           Maturity Model.
                                           Graham Biggart                                                    Our mean ethnicity pay gap has decreased by
                                           Managing Director Argos and Chief Strategy Officer                                                                                    Further information can be found in the Better for
                                                                                                             0.1 per cent to -3.3 per cent, and the median ethnicity
                                                                                                                                                                                  everyone section of our corporate website and
                                                                                                             pay gap has grown by 0.2 per cent to -6.0 per cent,                  in our Gender and Ethnicity Pay Report at
                                                                                                             meaning the gap favours our ethnically diverse                       https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/
24    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Engaging with our stakeholders

                                                                                                                                                                      Customers
                                                                                                                       Why they matter                                             Engagement outcomes
                                                                                                                       Customers trust us to deliver good food and they rely       Customer insight guided improvements across value,
                                                                                                                       on our winning combination of great value, outstanding      quality and the shopping experience. We strengthened
                                                                                                                       quality, excellent availability and leading service.        our value offer through Nectar Prices and focused
                                                                                                                       Their insight shapes a great value, high quality and        price investment, refreshed and expanded our fresh
                                                                                                                       innovative food-led offer that delivers for more            food and own brand ranges and improved availability
                                                                                                                       households and is central to our ambition to be first       through the year, including our best ever Christmas
                                                                                                                       choice for food. Engaging with our customers is             availability. Customer insights led to the development
                                                                                                                       fundamental to everything we do and crucial to our          of more than 1,200 new Own Brand products during
                                                                                                                       purpose as a business. By listening to what matters         the year, of which around 50 per cent were Taste the
                                                                                                                       most and responding with care, we’re able to create         Difference. Our store refit programme created additional
                                                                                                                       more personalised, meaningful experiences, build            space which enabled us to bring a greater product
                                                                                                                       trust and strengthen loyalty. By responding to our          range to customers. As well as the expansion of our
                                                                                                                       customer needs we ensure our products and services          Taste the Difference Discovery range, we rolled out
                                                                                                                       continue to meet evolving desires and needs, both           our Discovery Meal Deals to meet customer demand
                                                                                                                       today and in the future.                                    for modern Indian and comfort food and, in response
                                                                                                                                                                                   to growing consumer demand, we introduced a new
                                                                                                                       What matters to them                                        range of high protein and nutrient-rich meals. We
                                                                                                                       •   Value                                                   strengthened our value proposition across the year
                                                                                                                       •   Availability                                            with the biggest Aldi Price Match in the market, more
                                                                                                                       •   Service                                                 than 10,000 Nectar Price offers every week, personalised
                                                                                                                       •   Product quality and range                               Your Nectar Prices and Nectar points offers.
                                                             The Board’s decisions are guided by our purpose,
 Section 172 statement                                                                                                 •   Convenience and location                                We enhanced digital journeys across Sainsbury’s
                                                             culture and values, with a clear focus on the
 The Directors have had regard to their duties                                                                         •   More range in more locations                            and Argos, helping more customers shop with us
                                                             long‑term success of the Group. In making decisions,
 under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006                                                                           •   Channel mix including On Demand                         in the way that suits them best. We have 24 million
                                                             the Board considers the benefits and risks involved,
 throughout the year. The Board considers the                                                                          •   Speed of Groceries Online delivery                      active Nectar users and this year we have seen Nectar
                                                             the financial implications for the business, and the
 long-term consequences of its decisions and                                                                                                                                       digital engagement reaching record highs as more
                                                             impact on those who are connected to Sainsbury’s.         •   Responsible sourcing and sustainability
 the interests of the Group’s key stakeholders,                                                                                                                                    customers access both weekly bonus points and
                                                             The Board believes that understanding our stakeholders,   •   Commitment to ethical business practices
 in promoting the long-term success of the                                                                                                                                         personalised pricing through the Nectar app. This
                                                             and what matters most to them, is fundamental             •   Minimising food waste
 Company. The Board reviews stakeholder                                                                                                                                            year, over two thirds of UK retail shoppers shopped
                                                             to delivering sustainable performance over
 engagement mechanisms regularly and ensures                 the long term.                                            How we engaged                                              with Sainsbury’s with more customers choosing
 that stakeholder perspectives are understood                                                                          We engaged with our customers through a range               Sainsbury’s for their big trolley shops. We’re also
 and taken into account in Board discussions                 The Group’s key stakeholder groups are identified                                                                     attracting a younger demographic as well as more
                                                                                                                       of channels, helping us to improve our products and
 and decision-making.                                        below, with details of the engagement that the Group                                                                  families. In Argos, we added 13,000 new supplier
                                                                                                                       services. Through our customer satisfaction surveys,
                                                             has undertaken during the year. Further information                                                                   direct fulfilled products to our range and now have
                                                                                                                       we collected customer feedback across Sainsbury’s,
      Further details of stakeholder engagement,            on how the Directors have had regard to stakeholder                                                                   19.6 million active Argos customers.
       sustainability matters, risk management and                                                                     Tu and Argos. To provide a view of changing behaviours,
                                                             interests and examples of how feedback from this
       the Board’s governance and decision-making                                                                      loyalty drivers and sentiment we used Nectar data,
                                                             engagement has informed decision‑making and
       framework are set out on pages 30 to 33, 40 to 47,                                                              customer analytics and brand tracking, along
       59 to 65 and 71 to 72 of this Annual Report           actions taken by the Board when carrying out their
                                                                                                                       with focus groups and product panels to test new
                                                             duties are set out in the section 172 statement in the
                                                                                                                       initiatives. Social media monitoring highlighted
                                                             Governance report on page 64 of this Annual Report.
                                                                                                                       emerging needs and concerns in real time to
                                                                                                                       enable us to respond to customer needs quickly.
25       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Engaging with our stakeholders continued

                                                                                                                  Colleagues
Why they matter
Our colleagues include everyone who is employed
                                                                  Engagement in action                                                                                                    Engagement in action
by the business. They bring our purpose to life and
play a vital role in delivering great food, service and
                                                                  Trialling facial recognition technology                                                                                 Supporting Bank
availability every day. Their insight and commitment              The safety and wellbeing of our colleagues, and            identified offenders not returning. In January we            customers and colleagues
                                                                  those who work and shop with us, is paramount.             extended the technology to five further London
shape how we invest in our business and help us
build on our strong momentum.                                     When colleagues tell us they’re worried about their        stores. This expansion is intentional and transparent.       through transformation
                                                                  physical safety, we have a responsibility to act. A safe   It helps us understand how facial recognition works          As Sainsbury’s Bank progressed its phased
What matters to them                                              environment for colleagues helps ensure customers          when several stores in the same area adopt it at the         withdrawal from core banking, early and
•    Pay and financial wellbeing                                  feel safe too – no one should feel at risk simply going    same time, while giving colleagues and customers             transparent engagement with stakeholders
•    Training, development and career progression                 about their day. In September, we began trialling          confidence in how it’s being introduced.                     was essential. From the outset, the Bank was
•    Effective communication                                      facial recognition technology in two of our stores.             Read more online at We must put safety first           clear about what the changes would mean
                                                                  Early results showed a reduction in logged incidents             in our stores | J Sainsbury plc                        and when they would happen, recognising
•    Health, safety and wellbeing
                                                                  of almost 50 per cent, with over 90 per cent of                                                                         the impact on customers, colleagues,
•    Inclusion, respect and belonging
                                                                                                                                                                                          suppliers and regulators.
•    Sustainability
                                                                                                                                                                                          A Customer Experience Plan developed with
How we engaged                                                                                                                                                                            NatWest, and overseen by the Bank Board,
We engaged colleagues through Operating                                                                                                                                                   ensured customers were supported through
Board listening sessions, internal social platforms,                                                                                                                                      the change and that they experienced good
large‑scale surveys and targeted sentiment checks.                                                                                                                                        outcomes, including those with vulnerable
Colleague feedback was consolidated and presented                                                                                                                                         characteristics. A dedicated helpline was set
regularly to the Board, alongside updates on culture,                                                                                                                                     up and customer feedback and complaints were
talent, succession, safety and diversity, equity and                                                                                                                                      monitored closely, ensuring good customer
inclusion. Our national Make It Better Together                                                                                                                                           outcomes throughout the transition.
colleague contribution panels provided Board‑level
                                                                                                                                                                                          The Bank Board recognised that this period
insight into frontline experiences, ensuring the voice
                                                                                                                                                                                          of transformation would be a difficult time
of the workforce was embedded in decision‑making.
                                                                                                                                                                                          for colleagues and a potential attrition risk.
Engagement outcomes                                                                                                                                                                       Colleagues were supported through regular
Colleague feedback supported decisions to increase                                                                                                                                        leadership communications, enhanced
pay and enhance wellbeing support, including financial                                                                                                                                    wellbeing initiatives and access to learning,
guidance and education on share plans. We also                                                                                                                                            development and outplacement support.
expanded our development programmes across                        Engagement in action                                                                                                    Between March 2024 and February 2026,
apprenticeship and graduate routes, including the                                                                                                                                         Bank colleague engagement increased by
launch of our FutureMaker graduate programmes                     Moving to 33 Charterhouse                                                                                               eight points.
designed to support early career professionals in                 In 2025, we moved our head office to 33 Charterhouse       styles and needs. Features include quiet areas such          Suppliers were kept informed throughout,
developing the essential skills all future retail leaders         Street, a space designed to support inclusive ways of      as a library space, accessible toilets across multiple       with honest open conversations helping to
will need (see pages 20 to 23 for details). We celebrated         working, collaboration and sustainability. Colleagues      floors, a dedicated contemplation room for prayer            manage risk and maintain service continuity.
our Christmas peak period by giving colleagues                    were engaged early to support a smooth transition          and reflection, standing desks on every floor and            This collective, proactive approach supported
a £10 voucher towards their festive shopping and                  and embed our ways of working, with strong senior          ‘toilets for all’. Feedback was acted on through a           an orderly transition and helped protect
an uplifted colleague discount of 20 per cent for                 leadership sponsorship throughout. Colleague               clear ‘you said, we did’ approach, contributing to           customers, colleagues and suppliers during
six days over the festive period.                                 feedback helped ensure the office works for a              increased attendance, reduced booking no-shows               a period of significant change.
                                                                  diverse workforce and enables different working            and positive colleague feedback
26     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Engaging with our stakeholders continued

                                                                                                          Shareholders
Why they matter                                               How we engaged
Access to capital is vital to the long-term performance       Throughout 2025/26, we engaged investors in
                                                                                                                        Engagement in action
of our business. We have over 89,000 shareholders,
including large institutional investors and smaller
                                                              roadshow activity in London, Paris, the United States,
                                                              Canada, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Singapore and Australia
                                                                                                                        Engaging with shareholders at our AGM
individual shareholders. We provide fair, balanced            and maintained open and transparent communication         Insight                                                     Outcome
and understandable information to shareholders                with shareholders through one-to-one and small            Shareholders value meaningful access to the Board           The enhanced AGM format supported open and
and equity analysts and work to ensure they have              group meetings with our Chair, Chief Executive, Chief     and Operating Board members, clear opportunities            constructive dialogue with shareholders, improved
a strong understanding of our purpose, strategy,              Financial Officer and Director of Investor Relations.     to ask questions, and a better understanding of             accessibility and participation, and strengthened
performance and culture. Regularly engaging with              Individual investors and shareholder groups also          how the business creates long-term value and                understanding of the Group’s long-term approach
shareholders helps us incorporate investors’ views            engaged with our Operating Board or other subject         contributes to local communities. Feedback also             to value creation.
and considerations within strategic decision-making.          matter experts across the business, particularly on key   highlighted the importance of making engagement
                                                              sustainability topics, retail media and technology        accessible to all shareholders, regardless of location.
What matters to them                                          investments. We also hosted a number of investors
• Clear strategy and sustained delivery                       at store visits to supermarkets which have recently       Board consideration
• Competitive performance and grocery volume                  undergone investment as part of our More for              The Board considered how the AGM could be used              A strong, well-run
  market share                                                More strategy.
• Industry growth outlook, including inflation,               We communicate regularly with investors through
                                                                                                                        not only to meet statutory requirements, but also
                                                                                                                        to strengthen dialogue with shareholders, improve           Sainsbury’s will
  cost pressures and consumer spending trends
• Changes in competitive behaviour and
                                                              formal reporting channels, such as our results            inclusivity and provide deeper insight into the
                                                                                                                        Group’s strategy, heritage and impact.
                                                                                                                                                                                    deliver long-term value
                                                              presentations, analyst Q&A calls and our corporate
  industry dynamics                                           website as well as engaging with shareholders through
                                                                                                                        Decision
                                                                                                                                                                                    creation and strong,
• Argos trading performance and outlook
  in discretionary and online general
                                                              our Annual General Meeting (AGM), retail
                                                              shareholder presentations and attendance at key           For the 2025 AGM, the Board enhanced the format             reliable returns for
                                                                                                                        and supporting content by:
  merchandise markets
• Cost savings to offset operating cost inflation
                                                              investor conferences. We continue to benefit from
                                                              real-time feedback from investors after meetings and      • making Board and Operating Board members
                                                                                                                                                                                    shareholders.
• Growth opportunities from Nectar and retail                 the Board strategy sessions were supported by               available to engage with shareholders informally
                                                              shareholder sessions that provided insight on               and answer questions
                                                                                                                                                                                    Martin Scicluna
  media, including Nectar360
                                                              the market’s perspective and opinion of our                                                                           Chair
• Disciplined capital investment delivering                                                                             • showcasing an interactive impact tool to help
  improved returns                                            investment case.                                            shareholders understand Sainsbury’s contribution
• Cash flow delivery and capital allocation,                  Engagement outcomes                                         to their local communities
  including dividends and share buybacks                      Our shares re-rated significantly throughout              • using the Sainsbury’s Archive and a dedicated
• Progress against our Plan for Better                        the course of the year. Against the backdrop of             gallery to showcase the Group’s heritage and
  sustainability commitments                                  a more competitive grocery market and unusually             continued focus on quality, value and innovation
                                                              high operating cost inflation, this reflected growing     • holding the AGM in a hybrid format to maximise
                                                              confidence in our ability to maintain the strength          accessibility and participation
                                                              of our competitive position and continue to deliver       • encouraging questions and discussion through
                                                              grocery volume market share gains without                   a live Q&A during the meeting
                                                              significant margin erosion. This re-rating came
                                                              despite a significant placing of shares by the QIA in
                                                              December 2025 and reflected a healthy appetite for
                                                              our shares from both existing and new investors.
27       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                     Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Engaging with our stakeholders continued

                                                                                         Suppliers
Why they matter                                                                                                                                            Engagement outcomes
Our partnerships with suppliers and farmers underpin                                                                                                       Supplier insight informed discussions on our
our ability to deliver quality, value and availability for                                                                                                 innovation pipeline, supported progress against
customers. We can only build resilience in our supply                                                                                                      our sustainability priorities and contributed to
chain and deliver on our strategic outcomes by working                                                                                                     improved availability for customers throughout
in partnership with our suppliers. Long-term partnerships                                                                                                  the year. Our supplier engagement strengthened
and close collaboration enable us to invest, innovate                                                                                                      collaboration across categories and reinforced
and build resilience together across our food system.                                                                                                      mutual trust and momentum to build on our
Through our supplier relationships we’re able to develop                                                                                                   important supplier relationships. Our supplier
solutions to the food supply challenges that we face                                                                                                       engagement events created clear, consistent
from climate change and geopolitical instability to                                                                                                        communication on a large scale, strengthened
rising costs and widening health inequalities.                                                                                                             senior relationships and gave suppliers greater
What matters to them                                                                                                                                       clarity and confidence in our strategy and priorities.
                                                                                                                                                           Sainsbury’s was ranked number one by suppliers for
•    Long-term partnerships
                                                                                                                                                           use of technology and fresh food innovation in the
•    Clear expectations                                                                                                                                    2025 Advantage Survey and the feedback also
•    Consistent communication                                                                                                                              highlighted improvements in the overall supplier
•    Fairness and transparency                                                                                                                             experience. The insight from suppliers also helped
•    Collaborative opportunities for innovation                                                                                                            us to inform our areas of focus, including embedding
•    Responsible sourcing                                                                                                                                  sustainability more deeply into category agendas,
•    High sustainability standards                                                                                                                         strengthening collaboration and co‑creation
                                                                                                                                                           with suppliers and providing greater support
How we engaged                                                                                                                                             for innovation.
This year, we implemented a comprehensive supplier
engagement programme, combining virtual updates
with targeted in-person events. Our Supplier Trade
Briefing reached over 2,000 delegates and reflected on
                                                                                                Engagement in action
progress against our strategy and the important role
our suppliers have played. We engaged directly with             Working in long-term            Respecting and protecting human rights
suppliers through visits to supplier sites by members
of our Board, Operating Board and senior managers
                                                                partnership with farmers and    Respecting and protecting human rights are core
                                                                                                to our business, and fundamental to building a fair
                                                                                                                                                           As part of this review, we explored progress within
                                                                                                                                                           our Fairtrade partnership, including the Resilience
to deepen understanding of supply chain challenges.
This was complemented by category‑specific and
                                                                suppliers is how we’ll secure   and resilient food system.                                 Building Initiative designed to reinforce environmental
                                                                                                                                                           and human rights resilience in key sourcing
                                                                                                This year the Board considered the outcomes
results briefings held throughout the year. We organised        good food for the future        of the Group’s latest human rights due diligence
                                                                                                                                                           communities. We also examined priorities for
                                                                                                                                                           supporting improvements in UK human rights
face-to-face networking sessions for smaller suppliers
and held a senior update and dinner for key partners,           and build a sustainable         review, which highlighted risks in several higher risk
                                                                                                sourcing countries and raw materials. The Corporate
                                                                                                                                                           legislation, ensuring the Group remains well
                                                                                                                                                           positioned for future due diligence and
alongside ongoing engagement through Fresh, Grocery
and category newsletters. We also engaged with                  UK food system.                 Responsibility and Sustainability Committee
                                                                                                challenged management on these findings and
                                                                                                                                                           reporting expectations.
suppliers through structured feedback mechanisms,                                               oversaw the actions being taken in response,
including the annual Advantage Survey, which gathered           Simon Roberts                   including strengthening supplier screening and
                                                                Chief Executive                                                                                  Read more about our Corporate Responsibility
input from over 1,200 suppliers. The feedback was                                               expanding deep‑dive assessments in at‑risk                        and Sustainability Committee on pages 70 to 72
reviewed by the Corporate Responsibility and                                                    supply chains.
Sustainability Committee to inform priorities
and areas for improvement.
28   J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                   Strategic Report   Governance Report      Financial Statements


Engaging with our stakeholders continued

                                                                   Communities
                                                                         Why they matter                                             What matters to them
                                                                         We want everyone to have access to good food                •   Access to affordable, nutritious food
                                                                         and we support communities which face barriers              •   Support for families and children
                                                                         to this. We believe that everyone deserves access           •   Tackling food poverty
                                                                         to affordable and nutritious food to help them              •   Engagement and community presence
                                                                         thrive and we have a long heritage of ensuring that
                                                                                                                                     •   Support during emergencies and times of need
                                                                         everyone can access the joy that good food brings.
                                                                         With one in seven families in the UK experiencing           How we engaged
                                                                         food insecurity and 2.1 million children living in food     We continued to work with Comic Relief and
                                                                         poverty in the UK, our long‑standing partnerships           supported local communities through our ‘Good
                                                                         and local programmes help families and children             food for all of us’ grant scheme and store-based
                                                                         access nutritious food and strengthen community             Community Champions. Our involvement in the
                                                                         resilience at a time of growing need. Nurturing             Holiday Activities and Food programme enabled
                                                                         resilient communities is at the heart of our brand so       direct support for children and families at risk
                                                                         we actively support the communities that we serve.          of food insecurity. Fundraising initiatives and
                                                                                                                                     redistribution partnerships further strengthened
                                                                                                                                     our community impact.

                                                                                                                                     Engagement outcomes
                                                                                                                                     This year, we donated £8.7 million to Comic Relief to
                                                                                                                                     help tackle food poverty in UK communities. Through
                                                                                                                                     our partnerships, we helped redistribute 26.8 million
                                                                                                                                     meals to communities in need. We supported 697 local
                                                                                                                                     good causes this year through our ‘Good food for all of us’
                                                                                                                                     community grant scheme, donating over £5.3 million
                                                                                                                                     to initiatives supporting local communities since 2021.
                                                                                                                                     With Comic Relief, we helped to fund more than
                                                                                                                                     120,000 additional Holiday Activities and Food holiday
                                                                                                                                     club places during school holidays across the UK.
                                                                                                                                           More information on our communities can
                                                                                                                                            be found on in our Plan for Better Report on
                                                                                                                                            https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/
29       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                      Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Engaging with our stakeholders continued

                                             Government, parliamentarians, regulators and non-governmental organisations
Why they matter                                                 How we engaged
Government bodies and regulators shape the                      We participated in consultations, roundtables
policy landscape that we operate within, from food              and industry-wide forums, contributing expertise
standards and sustainability to employment and                  across policy areas including food systems,
taxation. As a UK-based business and a major                    circularity, sustainability regulation and business
employer of around 140,000 colleagues, we engage                taxation. We engaged directly with ministers,
transparently and responsibly with government                   officials and non-governmental organisations to
and regulators. Non-governmental organisations                  enable constructive dialogue on emerging issues
provide challenge and partnership that support                  and legislative developments. We also engaged
progress on sustainability, climate transition                  directly with MPs and Peers through our annual
and data transparency.                                          parliamentary events and presence at
                                                                political conferences.
What matters to them
•    Openness and transparency                                  Engagement outcomes
•    Compliance with regulation and ethical standards           Our engagement contributed to progress in
                                                                recycling and packaging policy, informed national
•    Action on sustainability matters
                                                                discussions on employment and health, food systems
•    Insight into industry issues and operational realities
                                                                and sustainability, and strengthened collaboration
•    Commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion              across the industry. We continued to work transparently
                                                                with regulators, government and NGOs to support
                                                                responsible, long-term policy development. In October,
                                                                we announced our partnership with the Department
                                                                for Education’s free breakfast club programme,
Every child deserves                                            donating £200 gift cards to 750 schools, to support
                                                                healthy, nutritious breakfast provision for up to
access to affordable and                                        180,000 children across the UK.

nutritious food to help
them thrive. That’s why we
are proud to be partnering
with the Department for
Education on its free
breakfast clubs.
Simon Roberts
Chief Executive
30     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report         Governance Report      Financial Statements


Plan for Better


Our plan for better
Good food depends on a food system that’s set up to
thrive for the future. Our Plan for Better is our
roadmap for how we’ll play our part in securing that
future and is central to our ambition to play a leading
                                                                                                                                                                         r all                     Net
role in creating a more sustainable UK food system.                                                                                                                  s fo                              zer
                                                                                                                                                                 diet                                     oc
                                                                                                                                                                                                            arb
It brings together the priority areas we’re focused on,                                                                                                        r
                                                                                                                                                             te                                                on
                                                                          Address food poverty                  Healthy &                                  et                                                                                                         Reduce Scope           Reduce Scope
the targets we’ve set and the actions we’re taking to                      in our communities                sustainable diets
                                                                                                                                                    B
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1 & 2 emissions          3 emissions
deliver meaningful progress.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      r the planet
With two connected pillars – Better for the planet

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  r fo
and Better for everyone – Plan for Better underpins


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     & regenerate nat
                                                                                                                                                                                                               tte
                                                                                                                                 Fair treat m ent
everything we do. It guides how we support people,


                                                                                                                                                    B ette r fo r eve ry
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Be
protect the planet and partner with those who grow
and make our food. By embedding this approach into
the way we work, across our business and supply                               Champion                   Animal health                                                                                                                                                      Water                Nature
                                                                             human rights                  & welfare                                                                                                                                                     stewardship             positive
chains, we’re building the long-term resilience                                                                                                                                                                                        te c t
needed to ensure good food for generations to come.                                                                                                           on                                                                     P ro
                                                                                                                                                                    e

In 2025, our Sustainability team moved into our
Commercial function, highlighting the further                                                                                                         nc
                                                                                                                                                              lu                                                               g
                                                                                                                                                    I
integration of sustainability within our strategic and                                                                                                              si v                                                 vin
                                                                                                                                                                           ec
                                                                                                                                                                                ultu                         la   r li
commercial decision-making processes.                                                                                                                                                  re           C   ircu
Teams from many functions around the Sainsbury’s                            Diversity, equity    Colleague    Opportunities                                                                                                                                          Reduce waste                Circular
                                                                              & inclusion        health &      to develop                                                                                                                                                                       packaging
business support the delivery of the goals in Plan for                                           wellbeing       & grow                                                    Res
                                                                                                                                                                              ilien                      ins
Better, with progress against sustainability                                                                                                                                       t Business & Value Cha
targets included as part of our Executive Long-term
Incentive Plan (read more on page 96).  
We are pleased to have made good year-on-year                                                                                     Responsible sourcing and business practices
progress across many of our Plan for Better metrics.
                                                                                                                                                Transparency
At the same time, we know there is still work to do,
particularly in areas such as deforestation and                                                                                         Robust corporate governance
conversion free sourcing, supply chain emissions and                                                                                    Collaboration and partnership
health. These remain challenging areas, shaped by
market-wide supply chain dynamics, gaps in viable
innovation and technology and the complexity of               We’re looking forward to the year ahead and driving                As we strive towards our net zero ambitions, we aim                                                                       resilient food system. We also aim to accelerate
driving long-term behavioural change.                         progress in key areas that further our ambition and                to continue to reduce carbon emission in our own                                                                          action to reduce food waste, continuing to
                                                              purpose. We know eating well remains a challenge, so               operations, as well as engage with suppliers and                                                                          redistribute food to people and communities in need
Creating a more resilient food system for generations to      we will be launching our new health strategy (read                 collaborate with industry to help reduce our Scope 3                                                                      through our charity partners and setting up
come requires collaborative action across our industry.       more in our Plan for Better Report). We will continue to           emissions.                                                                                                                infrastructure to increase the volume of unsold
That means aligning on how we measure and share data,         progress our work to tackle food poverty to help make                                                                                                                                        produce diverted to animal feed.
advocating for effective, evidence-based policy change                                                                           We will focus on enhancing supply chain resilience
                                                              sure no child or family goes hungry.
and working collaboratively across our supply chain and                                                                          and responsible sourcing across climate, nature,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                For more information on how we are driving an
sector partners to build the innovations we need.                                                                                human rights and animal welfare to help build a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 inclusive culture, please see pages 20 to 23
31      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Plan for Better continued

Performance dashboard
 Most material issue                             Existing targets                                     Progress against target this year                       Progress details

               Healthy and                       At least 85% Healthy and Better for you              82.2% of our sales are Healthy and Better for you       Our ambition remains to help more households achieve a diet in line with the
               sustainable diets                 sales tonnage sold by 2025                                                                                   UK’s dietary guidelines for health (the NHS’ Eatwell Guide). We have delivered
                                                                                                      Up 0.4% year-on-year
                                                                                                                                                              modest improvement against our challenging baseline, focusing our health
                                                                                                      Up 0.2% versus baseline                                 efforts on awareness, affordability, incentivisation, availability and
                                                                                                                                                              advocacy. We acknowledge that working to a 2021/22 baseline for our target
                                                                                                      88.5% of our own brand sales are Healthy and Better
                                                                                                                                                              has been challenging. It reflects purchasing patterns during COVID-19, when
                                                                                                      for you
                                                                                                                                                              customers spent more time at home and purchased more scratch cooking
                                                                                                                                                              foods for home cooking. Subsequent inflationary pressures and changes to
                                                                                                                                                              shopping habits have further influenced progress.

               Reducing carbon                   Reduce Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas                  441,017 tCO2e of absolute greenhouse gas (GHG)          Through our Graphite investment programme, we invested £18 million in
               emissions                         emissions from our own operations to net             emissions from our own operations                       energy efficiency this year, installing voltage optimisation, metering controls
                                                 zero by 2035                                                                                                 and additional AirDoors, while over 280 of our stores across the UK are now
                                                                                                      Down 1.7% year-on-year
                                                                                                                                                              powered by more than 136,000 solar panels.
                                                                                                      Down 53.6% versus baseline
                                                 Reduce absolute Scope 3 greenhouse gas               51.6% of our Scope 3 emissions are covered by           Measuring Scope 3 emissions remains an industry‑wide challenge. To
                                                 emissions in line with 1.5oC trajectory              suppliers that have had any 1.5oC targets approved by   strengthen our approach we have partnered with two strategic data
                                                                                                      the SBTi                                                providers to support Scope 3 reporting and model significantly more specific
                                                                                                                                                              emission factors, at the product and ingredient level for our own brand
                                                                                                                                                              products and electrical products (Argos only).

               Reducing                          Reduce food waste by 50 per cent by 2030             0.503% of food handled sent to anaerobic digestion      This year we have redistributed 26.3 million meals. We also nearly doubled
               food waste                                                                                                                                     the tonnage of edible surplus food being donated to local communities,
                                                                                                      Down 18.4% year-on-year
                                                                                                                                                              preventing 11,030 tonnes of surplus food going to waste, a 49.3 per cent
                                                                                                      Down 30.9% versus baseline                              increase year-on-year.

               Circular                          Reduce our own brand plastic packaging               57,305 tonnes of own brand plastic packaging            On an absolute basis, our own brand plastic packaging tonnage reduced
               packaging                         by 50 per cent by 2025, increase recycled                                                                    by 3.9 per cent year-on-year and declined by 17.9 per cent versus our
                                                                                                      Up 2.7% relative year on year
                                                 content and recyclability                                                                                    baseline.
                                                                                                      Down 17.3% relative versus baseline

               Championing                       Respect human rights across our value                Implementation of HRDD action plan, commercial          We continue to embed human rights due diligence and processes into our
               human rights                      chain and ensure our businesses’ transition          integration, investment in on-the-ground                technical, commercial and procurement practices. This year we refreshed
                                                 to net zero is just and equitable for the            programmes in high risk sourcing areas                  our Human Rights Policy and Saliency Assessment and conducted in-depth
                                                 communities we source from                                                                                   risk assessments for high risk raw materials and sourcing countries to assess
                                                                                                                                                              our sourcing resilience. We also delivered training to over 100 colleagues and
                                                                                                                                                              over 700 supplier representatives to help increase awareness of human rights
                                                                                                                                                              risks and strengthen due diligence.

      For more information on our sustainability goals                See our corporate website for more information
       and performance this year, see our
       Plan for Better Report
32      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report    Governance Report   Financial Statements


Plan for Better continued


 Better for the planet
                                                                         Protecting and
             Net zero carbon                                                                                                     Circular packaging                                               Reducing waste
                                                                       regenerating nature

• Rated ‘A’ in CDP climate change disclosure for               • We reduced water usage in our own operations by        • The UK packaging sector is navigating a period of      • We have trialled diverting unsold fresh produce
  12th year in a row                                             6.3 per cent year-on-year, to 2,401,772m³ through        rapid regulatory and structural change. In June          that cannot be redistributed through our food
• We continue to trial electric vehicles across our              better management of water in our estate and a           2025 we refreshed our packaging targets to reflect       charities into animal feed in 337 stores, helping us
  Groceries Online (GOL) operations, with over 200               focus on leak prevention. Our CDP water security         these changes, focusing on the recyclability of          divert 325.6 tonnes of additional fresh produce.
  electric vans servicing 22 stores across the UK.               rating remained at A- for the third year in a row        materials to help improve circularity:                   This initiative is being rolled out to all available
  Upgrades to our routing software and wider fleet             • In collaboration with WRAP, we’ve continued to           – 100 per cent recyclable or reusable packaging          stores. We continue to send surplus bread to be
  management improvements have reduced planned                   co-fund ten collective action projects globally to                                                                made into animal feed, this year diverting
                                                                                                                          – 30 per cent post-consumer recycled content in
  miles per GOL order by 20.2 per cent since 2022                support landscape-level sustainable water                                                                         1,704.2 tonnes
                                                                                                                            own brand primary plastic packaging
• We continue to engage with our suppliers to                    management, including projects to reduce water                                                                  • As part of the IGD-led Alliance Food Sourcing
                                                                                                                          – 100 per cent recycled or certified virgin paper
  understand and support their journey to net zero.              scarcity, improve water-use efficiency and                                                                        initiative, we took part in the Let’s make a meal of
                                                                                                                            and pulp packaging by 2025
  51.6 per cent of our emissions now come from                   regenerate agriculture                                                                                            it campaign alongside other retailers to encourage
                                                                                                                          – Reduction across all packaging materials,
  suppliers that have any 1.5°C target approved by             • We have celebrated over 21 years of partnership with                                                              customers to donate online or in store and help
                                                                                                                            removing unnecessary packaging and reducing
  the SBTi, a 29.6 per cent increase year-on-year                the Woodland Trust, planting over 5.4 million trees                                                               unlock more surplus food to be redistributed to
                                                                                                                            packaging weight across the business
• We’re working with our suppliers to help realise               since 2004 and raising over £15.8 million to                                                                      charities through FareShare
                                                                 support the planting of trees and protection of        • We continue to improve the recyclability of our        • To help our customers save money and reduce
  opportunities to lower the carbon intensity of our
                                                                 woodland in the UK                                       packaging, including moving our Taste the                waste, we repaired 20,493 products and
  products. This year, we launched La Celia Colombian
                                                                                                                          Difference pasta into recyclable plastic and our         refurbished over 192,476 electrical items
  Ground Coffee with coffee beans sourced from                 • We were a top ranked supermarket in the WWF’s
                                                                                                                          pouched olives into recyclable pouches                   purchased at Argos. We also supported our
  female farmers using a new growing model that                  UK Supermarket Soy Policy Scorecard. Across our
  has successfully reduced total on farm emissions               own brand products, we source 100 per cent             • We have reduced the weight of various glass jars         Argos customers dispose of over 1,200 items of
  by 30 per cent compared to a 2022 baseline                     deforestation and conversion free (DCF) beef and         and bottles, including selected by Sainsbury’s           unwanted furniture responsibly through our
                                                                 coffee and our palm oil is 100 per cent                  chutneys and our 789 Mondelli Prosecco                   partnership with Clearabee
• We are making progress on transitioning our shell
                                                                 independently certified. Despite sustained efforts       Spumante bottles, removing 373 tonnes of glass         • In partnership with Newlife, we donated over
  eggs from brown to white eggs, aiming towards
  100 per cent in our own brand core ranges.                     and sector collaboration, we have not yet achieved     • We also moved our So Organic passata from glass          130 tonnes of unsellable clothing returns and
  Through a lifecycle assessment with three of our               full DCF sourcing in our own brand products              bottles to cartons, reducing the weight of               faulty garments
  egg suppliers, white eggs were found to have a               • We were awarded the ASC UK Retailer of the               packaging by 126 tonnes
  12.7 per cent1 lower carbon footprint than our                 Year award for the fourth consecutive year and as
  brown eggs                                                     of March 2025 offer the largest range of MSC-
• We are rolling out conventional mushrooms grown                labelled products of any UK retailer
  without peat to our full range of mushrooms,
  which will remove 20,465 tonnes of peat a year
  from our supply chain

      Read more in our TCFD disclosures on pages 104 to 120
33     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report    Governance Report      Financial Statements


Plan for Better continued


 Better for everyone
             Healthy and                                        Addressing food poverty in                                           Championing                                                 Animal health
           sustainable diets                                        our communities                                                  human rights                                                 and welfare

• We help make healthier choices easier and more              • This year, we’ve raised over £53 million through       • This year we switched all our by Sainsbury’s black     • We have improved or maintained our performance
  affordable for customers, with at least 75 per cent           a combination of corporate giving as well as             tea to Fairtrade, making us the biggest UK grocery       across four of our five animal health and
  of products in our Aldi Price Match being Healthy             colleague, customer and supplier fundraising for         retailer of Fairtrade tea. Tea farmers and workers       welfare metrics
  or Better for you choices                                     charitable causes                                        will receive a guaranteed minimum price and an         • Our Dairy Development Group has agreed a new
• Over 1,250 products with our Healthy Choice Logo            • Since 2022, we have raised over £26 million for          estimated £1 million a year in Fairtrade Premiums.       financial model in response to rising costs and
  were made available to our customers this year                Comic Relief, allowing us to donate over 60 million      To improve pay for banana plantation workers, we         upcoming environmental regulation, including
• To encourage customers to make healthier                      meals to help tackle food poverty in UK                  paid an additional contribution on top of the            over £9 million of investment from Sainsbury’s
  choices, we piloted an evolution of our Fruit and             communities. This year alone we donated                  Fairtrade Minimum Price and Premium, which was           to support 150 dairy farms
  Veg Challenge in June and January, extending this             £8.7 million to Comic Relief                             paid out as a bonus to 4,776 workers                   • We are making progress on transitioning our shell
  challenge to Healthy Choice badged lines. Across            • With Comic Relief, we supported the UK                 • We continued our commitment to 100 per cent              eggs from brown to white eggs, aiming towards
  the two challenge periods, 959,000 additional                 Government’s Holiday Activities and Food (HAF)           Fairtrade sourcing of bananas and 100 per cent of        100 per cent in our own brand core ranges.
  products with the logo were sold as part of this              programme, helping to fund more than 120,000             our own brand roast and ground coffee is also            Alongside the eggs being less carbon intensive
  promotion. The Summer and Winter challenges                   additional holiday club places during the school         Fairtrade sourced                                        than our brown eggsa), the white hens are also less
  saw sales uplifts of 9 per cent and 6 per cent                holidays across the UK                                 • We were rated Number 1 of FTSE 100 companies in          prone to feather pecking, resulting in higher
  respectively in Healthy Choice products purchased           • In October, we announced our partnership with            the 2025 CCLA Modern Slavery Benchmark and               animal welfare outcomes
• We continue to provide support for low income                 the Department for Education’s free breakfast club       ranked Number 1 supermarket in the 2024/25             • With the introduction of these white hens, we are
  families by offering an additional £3 for their next          programme, donating £200 gift cards to 750               Platform for Living Wage Financials Benchmark            running a two-year trial with a select group of our
  shop, this year expanding this support from                   schools, to support healthy, nutritious breakfast      • In partnership with Fairtrade, we launched a             Sainsbury’s egg farmers trialling intact beaks. We
  spending on fruit and vegetables to all products              provision for up to 180,000 children across the UK.      Resilience Building Initiative with our key tea,         are providing tailored expert advice for their flocks
  with our Healthy Choice logo                                  We also committed to supporting over 570                 coffee and banana producers, to strengthen               to reduce feather pecking, with the goal of reducing
• We launched several new product ranges to help                additional schools from April 2026 onwards               human rights and environmental resilience of our         the need for intervention, to enhance animal
  customers make healthier choices, including a               • Through our ‘Good food for all of us’ community          supply chains and build closer relationships             welfare while maintaining optimal feather cover
  high protein range, our Small but Mighty nutrient             grant scheme, we supported 697 local good causes         between producers and Sainsbury’s                      • From February 2026, our supplier Cranswick
  rich meals, healthy breakfast cereals and new                 this year, donating over £5.3 million to initiatives   • We launched a new international Anticipatory             transitioned to supplying 100 per cent of our
  fruit snacking and pre-prepared frozen                        supporting our local communities since 2021              Social Protection programme with Comic Relief to         British pork, sausages, premium bacon and
  vegetables options                                                                                                     proactively help strengthen climate adaptation,          gammon, and cooked meats. Under the new
• We have introduced 28 new product filters on                                                                           food security and resilience in key sourcing             agreement, our core range will be supported by an
  Groceries Online, making it clearer and easier for                                                                     regions that are highly vulnerable to climate            aligned contract from our progressive Sainsbury’s
  our online shoppers to find products that match                                                                        impacts                                                  pork supplier group, with all pigs produced
  their lifestyle                                                                                                      • We have introduced two new human rights                  through flexible farrowing by 2028, which provides
• Our Chief Executive, Simon Roberts, through his                                                                        metrics relating to discrimination and grievance         extra space for the sows and piglets during the
  role on the UK Food Strategy Advisory Board,                                                                           mechanisms, to provide transparent reporting             birthing process
  played an active part in advising the government                                                                       against our targets in these areas
  on the development of the Good Food Cycle
                                                                                                                                                                                a) Lifecycle Assessment on white eggs conducted by SCA
                                                                                                                                                                                   Consulting in 2025. See our website for more information.
34   J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                       Strategic Report      Governance Report       Financial Statements


Financial review

                                                                   We made balanced choices in the year to maintain the strength of our competitive position, delivering
                                                                   consistently strong volume growth and a resilient operating profit outcome, despite a high level of externally
                                                                   driven operating cost inflation in a very competitive market. We continued our relentless focus on cash,
We delivered a resilient operating profit                          generating strong cash flows which reflected disciplined capital investment and robust working capital
                                                                   management. Together with the partial return of proceeds from the exit of our Financial Services businesses,
performance despite significant cost                               this allowed us to return £816 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks.

inflation, whilst generating strong free                           Underlying measures are reconciled to IFRS on the income statement, with further detail in note 3. Other APMs
                                                                   are set out in notes A1 to A4 (pages 203–206).
cash flow and returning more than                                                                                                                          52 weeks to       52 weeks to
£800 million to shareholders.                                                                                                                              28 February
                                                                                                                                                                  2026
                                                                                                                                                                                 1 March
                                                                                                                                                                                    2025           Change
                                                                   Summary income statement                                                                        £m                £m                %
                                                                   Underlying Group sales (excluding VAT)                                                      33,647            32,772                2.7
                                                                   Underlying operating profit
                                                                   Retail                                                                                        1,025             1,036              (1.1)
                                                                   Financial Services                                                                               —                 (22)          100.0
                                                                   Total underlying operating profit                                                             1,025             1,014               1.1
                                                                   Underlying net finance costs                                                                   (307)             (305)             (0.7)
                                                                   Underlying profit before tax                                                                     718             709                1.3
                                                                   Items excluded from underlying results                                                           (99)            (102)              2.9
                                                                   Profit before tax                                                                               619               607               2.0
                                                                   Income tax expense                                                                             (205)             (186)            (10.2)
                                                                   Profit after tax – continuing operations                                                        414               421              (1.7)
                                                                   Loss after tax – discontinued operations                                                         (21)            (168)             87.5
                                                                   Profit for the financial period                                                                 393               253              55.3
                                                                   Underlying basic earnings per share                                                           22.3p             21.6p                3.2
                                                                   Basic earnings per share                                                                      17.3p             10.9p              58.7
                                                                   Interim dividend per share                                                                     4.1p              3.9p                5.1
                                                                   Final dividend per share                                                                       9.6p              9.7p               (1.0)
                                                                   Total dividend per share                                                                      13.7p             13.6p                0.7
                                                                   Special dividend per share                                                                    11.0p                —                 —
                                                                   Discontinued operations were previously included in underlying measures whilst the associated trading activities remained ongoing.
                                                                   Following completion of the NatWest, NewDay and NoteMachine disposals, these activities are substantially ceased and have therefore
                                                                   been reclassified to non-underlying so as to only reflect ongoing trading performance within underlying results. In July 2025, we agreed
                                                                   the sale of the Travel Money business to Fexco Group, with the sale completing in January 2026. The Travel Money business is presented as
                                                                   a discontinued operation in both the current and comparative periods. Further details can be found in note 2.1 on page 140.
                                                                   Note that the comparative period has been restated to reflect the deferred tax impact of an increased proportion of assets qualifying for
                                                                   tax allowances. Further details can be found in note 2 on page 140.
35      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report      Governance Report      Financial Statements


Financial review continued

Group sales
Group sales (excluding VAT) increased by 2.7 per cent year-on-year, with a 4.3 per cent increase in retail sales                                                                                                                                       52 weeks to     52 weeks to
(excluding VAT, excluding fuel) offset by an 8.2 per cent decrease in fuel sales (excluding VAT).                                                                                                                                                      28 February         1 March
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2026            2025
                                                                                                                                                Total sales growth (excluding VAT) performance by channel                                                       %               %
                                                                                         52 weeks to        52 weeks to
                                                                                         28 February            1 March                         Supermarkets (inc. Argos stores in Sainsbury’s)                                                                3.1            3.3
                                                                                                2026               2025          Change
Total sales (excluding VAT) performance by category                                              £m                 £m               %          Groceries Online (inc. OnDemand) a)                                                                           13.3           12.2
Sainsbury’s                                                                                  25,875            24,658                   4.9     Convenience                                                                                                    3.0            1.9
 Grocery                                                                                     24,256            23,060                   5.2     a) Grocery Online includes sales through Sainsburys.co.uk and sales through OnDemand channels serviced by supermarket and
 General merchandise (Sainsbury’s) and clothing                                               1,619             1,598                   1.3        convenience locations.
Argos                                                                                         4,125             4,096                   0.7
                                                                                                                                                Sales in our supermarkets increased 3.1 per cent. We have continued to reallocate space in our supermarkets to
Retail (exc. fuel) a)                                                                        29,992            28,754                    4.3    increase our food offer; giving customers greater choice from a broader range, particularly in fresh food.
Fuel sales b)                                                                                 3,559             3,876                   (8.2)
                                                                                                                                                Groceries Online sales grew by 13.3 per cent, driven by very strong OnDemand growth, higher order numbers,
Retail (inc. fuel)                                                                            33,551            32,630                  2.8     larger average basket sizes, stronger availability and increased household coverage.
Financial Services                                                                               96                142             (32.4)       Convenience sales grew 3.0 per cent, supported by new store openings and improved layouts across our estate,
Group sales                                                                                  33,647             32,772               2.7        ensuring ranges are better tailored to its customers’ needs.
a) Total Retail sales are reported after the elimination of intra-segmental revenues.
b) Fuel sales represent sales of fuel from our Petrol Filling Stations (PFS) and sales from our Ultra Rapid Electric Vehicle charging
                                                                                                                                                Retail underlying operating profit
   business, Smart Charge.                                                                                                                                                                                                             52 weeks to      52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       28 February          1 March
                                                                                                           52 weeks to       52 weeks to        Retail underlying operating profit                                           Note a)          2026             2025       Change
                                                                                                           28 February           1 March
Retail like-for-like sales performance                                                                            2026              2025        Retail underlying EBITDA (£m)                                            A1.2 b)            2,211            2,192          0.9%
Like-for-like sales (exc. fuel)                                                                                  3.9%              3.4%         Retail underlying EBITDA margin (excl. VAT) (%)                          A1.2 b)             6.59             6.72       (13)bps
Like-for-like sales (inc. fuel)                                                                                  2.5%              1.8%         Retail underlying operating profit (£m)                                  A1.2 b)            1,025            1,036         (1.1)%
                                                                                                                                                Retail underlying operating margin (excl. VAT) (%)                       A1.2 b)             3.06              3.17      (11)bps
Grocery sales increased by 5.2 per cent, reflecting both inflation and consistently strong volume growth,
                                                                                                                                                a) Note references for reconciliations refer to the Alternative Performance Measures on pages 203 to 206.
outperforming the market. Customers continue to respond positively to the strength of our grocery
proposition, including the ongoing innovation across our Taste the Difference range and value driven through                                    Retail underlying EBITDA increased to £2,211 million (2024/25: £2,192 million), with retail underlying EBITDA
Nectar Prices, Aldi Price Match and Your Nectar Prices. These propositions are helping to attract and retain                                    margin decreasing to 6.59 per cent (2024/25: 6.72 per cent). This reflects strong volume growth in Sainsbury’s
more big basket primary customers.                                                                                                              and ongoing cost efficiencies, partly offset by significant operating cost inflation alongside continued
General Merchandise and Clothing sales in Sainsbury’s stores were up 1.3 per cent, with clothing delivering a                                   investment in colleagues and sustained price investment to deliver value.
particularly strong performance. Childrenswear led the growth, supported by improved ranges across                                              Retail underlying operating profit decreased by 1.1 per cent to £1,025 million (2024/25: £1,036 million) and retail
essentials and womenswear and a strongest ever back to school event. This was partially offset by lower                                         underlying operating margin decreased to 3.06 per cent (2024/25: 3.17 per cent). Retail underlying EBITDA
general merchandise sales, reflecting a deliberate reduction of store space allocated to general merchandise                                    increased while retail underlying operating profit decreased due to higher depreciation year-on-year.
categories in favour of food and a focus on lower priced everyday general merchandise items.
                                                                                                                                                In 2026/27, we expect a retail underlying depreciation and amortisation charge of around £1.2 billion (2025/26:
Argos sales increased by 0.7 per cent, driven by volume growth. Average selling price decreased, reflecting a                                   £1.2 billion), including £0.5 billion right-of-use asset depreciation.
highly competitive market with higher participation of lower ticket items.
                                                                                                                                                We expect to deliver total underlying operating profit of between £975 and £1,075 million in 2026/27.
Fuel sales decreased by 8.2 per cent as a result of reduced demand and lower forecourt prices. This was partly
offset by Smart Charge EV charging, where performance continued to strengthen. We added five new EV sites
during the year, bringing our total to 80 locations with 661 ultra-rapid charging bays.
36      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report    Governance Report    Financial Statements


Financial review continued

Space                                                                                                                      Financial Services
                                                     As at                                                         As at   During the year we successfully completed the sale and migration of our Core Banking Products, migrated the
                                                  1 March                   Disposals/ Reclassifications/   28 February    ATM business and sold our Travel Money operations. Together with the previously sold Argos Financial Service
Store numbers and retailing space                    2025     New stores      closures        extension)           2026
                                                                                                                           and Mortgage businesses, these divestments have been classified as discontinued operations and are now
Supermarkets                                         599               10         —                  —            609      reported as items excluded from underlying results. Together they form part of the single, co-ordinated
Supermarkets area ’000 sq ft                      20,930              163         —                  46         21,139     strategy to transition towards a distributed financial services model which was announced in January 2024.
Convenience                                          855               33          (3)               —             885     The prior year has been restated to reflect this.
Convenience area ’000 sq ft                        2,054               78         (13)                1          2,120
                                                                                                                           We also completed the sale of our Car and Home insurance businesses. These continue to be reported within
Sainsbury’s total store numbers                    1,454              43           (3)               —           1,494     continuing operations as we still earn commission income, alongside our wider insurance offering across Pet,
Argos stores                                         203               1           (3)               —             201     Life and Travel.
Argos stores in Sainsbury’s                          461               5           —                 —             466     Financial Services results                                                                                   Change
                                                                                                                           12 months to 28 February 2026                                                     2026           2025            %
Argos total store numbers                            664               6           (3)               —             667
                                                                                                                           Underlying revenue (£m)                                                             96            142         (32.4)
Argos collection points                              443               31          (8)               —             466
                                                                                                                           Underlying operating profit / (loss) (£m)                                           —             (22)        100.0
During the year, we opened ten new supermarkets (including two Co-Op conversions and three Homebase
                                                                                                                           Financial Services underlying revenue decreased by 32.4 per cent, primarily due to reduced treasury assets
conversions) and 33 new convenience stores. We opened one new standalone Argos store, five new Argos stores
                                                                                                                           interest, linked to the strategic exit from core banking services.
in Sainsbury’s and 31 new collection points.
                                                                                                                           Underlying operating loss decreased by £22 million to break-even, reflecting reduced wholesale funding and
As at 28 February 2026, Argos had 201 standalone stores, 466 stores in Sainsbury’s and 466 collection points,
                                                                                                                           deposit platform cost as we move to a distributed Financial Services model.
giving a total of 1,133 points of presence.
                                                                                                                           Following completion of the exit from core banking, Financial Services will no longer be reported as a separate
Subject to final planning consent, we expect to open around ten supermarkets in 2026/27, complementing our
                                                                                                                           operating segment. The ongoing Financial Services contribution will be generated from Argos Care,
existing organic supermarket growth pipeline. In addition, we expect to open around 20 more convenience
                                                                                                                           commission income from Insurance, Travel Money, ATMs and white label banking products, alongside income
stores. Overall, we expect a net space growth impact on retail sales of around 0.5 per cent in 2026/27.
                                                                                                                           from the NewDay Argos Pay partnership.

                                                                                                                           Underlying net finance costs
                                                                                                                                                                                                       52 weeks to   52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                                                                                       28 February       1 March
                                                                                                                                                                                                              2026          2025        Change
                                                                                                                           Underlying net finance costs                                                        £m            £m             %
                                                                                                                           Non-lease interest costs                                                           (64)           (76)          15.8
                                                                                                                           Non-lease interest income                                                           23             29          (20.7)
                                                                                                                           Net finance costs on lease liabilities                                            (266)          (258)           (3.1)
                                                                                                                           Total underlying net finance costs                                                (307)          (305)           (0.7)

                                                                                                                           Underlying net finance costs increased slightly to £307 million (2024/25: £305 million). This includes £41 million
                                                                                                                           of net non-lease cost (2024/25: £47 million); with the reduction primarily driven by lower interest costs incurred
                                                                                                                           on our inflation-linked amortising loan due in 2031. This was partly offset by a decline in interest income,
                                                                                                                           driven by lower interest rates.
                                                                                                                           Net financing costs on lease liabilities rose to £266 million (2024/25: £258 million), reflecting higher costs
                                                                                                                           associated with equipment leases and property regears and rent reviews, which increased lease liabilities.
                                                                                                                           We expect underlying net finance costs in 2026/27 to be around £320 million.
37      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Financial review continued

Items excluded from underlying results before tax                                                                                            Taxation
                                                                                                          52 weeks to        52 weeks to     The tax charge for continued operations is £205 million (restated 2024/25: £186 million). The underlying tax rate
                                                                                                          28 February            1 March     was 29.2 per cent (restated 2024/25: 28.9 per cent) and the effective tax rate was 33.1 per cent (restated 2024/25:
                                                                                                                 2026               2025
Items excluded from underlying results                                                           Note             £m                 £m      30.6 per cent).
Continuing operations:                                                                                                                       The underlying tax rate for the year is higher than the headline corporation tax rate of 25 per cent primarily due
Retail restructuring programmes                                                                                    (74)             (128)    to the impact of depreciation on assets which do not qualify for capital allowances.
IAS 19 pension income                                                                                               33                28
                                                                                                                                             We expect the underlying tax rate in 2026/27 to remain at around 29 per cent. This rate is expected to be higher
Other                                                                                                              (50)               14     than the standard rate of corporation tax due to the ongoing impact of depreciation on assets which do not
Financial Services phased withdrawal                                                                                (8)              (16)    qualify for capital allowances.
Items excluded from underlying results – continuing operations                                      5              (99)             (102)
                                                                                                                                             Note that the comparative period has been restated to incorporate the deferred tax impact arising from a
Discontinued operations:                                                                                                                     misclassification of assets between those impacting deferred tax and those which do not and an omission of
Financial Services phased withdrawal                                                             11.1               (41)             (82)    the tax effects of prior year impairments and disposals. As a result, deferred tax now reflects an increase in the
Financial Services gain/(loss) on disposal                                                       11.2                12             (141)    proportion of depreciation relating to assets qualifying for tax allowances. Further details can be found in note
Items excluded from underlying results – discontinued                                                                                        2 on page 140.
operations                                                                                                         (29)             (223)
Total items excluded from underlying results                                                                      (128)             (325)
                                                                                                                                             Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                             Statutory and underlying basic and diluted EPS increased, driven by higher earnings and a reduction in the
Items recognised in reported profit before tax which, by virtue of their size and/or nature, do not reflect the underlying performance are   weighted average number of shares as a result of the share buyback programme. Statutory basic EPS increased
excluded from the underlying results and shown in the table above.                                                                           to 17.3 pence (restated 2024/25: 10.9 pence) and diluted EPS to 16.9 pence (restated 2024/25: 10.7 pence).
We recognised retail restructuring programme costs of £74 million in the year, with £41 million associated with                              Underlying basic EPS increased to 22.3 pence (restated 2024/25: 21.6 pence), while underlying diluted EPS
the Sainsbury’s Next Level strategy, launched in February 2024. These Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy costs                                  increased to 21.9 pence (restated 2024/25: 21.2 pence).
include redundancy costs associated with updating our central management structures and costs associated
with the closures of food counters and conversions of cafes and bakeries.                                                                    Dividends and share buyback
                                                                                                                                             The Board has recommended a final dividend of 9.6 pence per share (2024/25: 9.7 pence). This will be paid on 10
Other items include £17 million of brand amortisation, £8 million of non‑underlying finance costs, a £7 million
                                                                                                                                             July 2026 to shareholders on the Register of Members at the close of business on 5 June 2026. In line with the
loss on fair value movements on fixed‑price power purchase arrangements and a £2 million loss on
                                                                                                                                             policy to pay a progressive dividend, the proposed full-year dividend is 13.7 pence per share, an increase of 0.7
property‑related transactions. Other costs also include impairment of non‑trading sites, reflecting rent reviews
                                                                                                                                             per cent (2024/25: 13.6 pence).
at these sites, and consultancy costs relating to corporate transaction activity, partially offset by income from
a legal case relating to European truck manufacturers. In the prior year, other items included £57 million of                                Sainsbury’s has a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP). This allows shareholders to reinvest their cash dividends
gains on property‑related transactions, predominantly driven by the completion of the Hendon mixed‑use                                       in our shares. The last date that shareholders can elect for the DRIP is 19 June 2026.
development site, together with a £2 million gain on fair value movements on fixed‑price power purchase
                                                                                                                                             In 2025/26, we completed a £250 million share buyback programme, comprised of a £200 million core buyback
arrangements, offset by £17 million of brand amortisation and £12 million of non‑underlying finance costs.
                                                                                                                                             and a £50 million incremental buyback to return bank disposal proceeds. We also paid a special dividend of
Discontinued operations consist of phased withdrawal which includes pre-tax operating loss of £16 million as                                 £250 million (11.0 pence per share), with a total of £300 million of bank disposal proceeds returned to
well as restructuring costs and impairment of £25 million. A pre-tax gain on disposal of £12 million was                                     shareholders during the year. For the financial year 2026/27 we will buy back £300 million of shares, including a
recognised in relation to Financial Services.                                                                                                £200 million core buyback and an additional return of £100 million of net bank disposal proceeds. We will
                                                                                                                                             continue to review the level of cash return to shareholders through buybacks on an annual basis.
38      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Financial review continued

Net debt and retail cash flows                                                                                                              Retail free cash flow increased by £43 million year-on-year to £574 million (2024/25: £531 million), driven by
                                                                                                                                            improved working capital inflow and higher underlying EBITDA. We have generated £1.1 billion of retail free
                                                                                                        52 weeks to       52 weeks to
                                                                                                        28 February           1 March       cash flow over the last two years and we expect to generate more than £500 million of retail free cash flow in
                                                                                                               2026              2025       2026/27, in line with our commitment to generate at least £1.6 billion of retail free cash flow over the three
Summary retail cash flow statement a)                                                         Note)             £m                £m
                                                                                                                                            years to 2026/27.
Retail underlying operating profit                                                                6           1,025             1,036
Adjustments for:                                                                                                                            Adjusted retail underlying operating cash flow before changes in working capital increased by £33 million
Retail underlying depreciation and amortisation                                                               1,186             1,156       year-on-year to £2,292 million (2024/25: £2,259 million), driven by higher underlying EBITDA.
Share-based payments and other                                                                                   81                67       Cash inflow from reduced working capital of £128 million (2024/25: £98 million working capital reduction) was
Adjusted retail underlying operating cash flow before changes                                                                               driven by an increase in payables, primarily due to improved payment terms, more than offsetting higher
in working capital                                                                                            2,292            2,259        inventory. Retail non-underlying operating cash costs were £80 million. £73 million relates to retail
Decrease in underlying working capital                                                                          128                   98    restructuring cash costs, with £13 million related to the multi-year programme announced in November 2020
Retail non-underlying operating cash flows (excluding pensions)                                                 (80)                 (71)   and £60 million associated with the Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy launched in February 2024. We continue to
Pension cash contributions                                                                                      (27)                 (45)   expect total cash costs relating to the three-year Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy of around £150 million, with
                                                                                                                                            £91 million incurred to date.
Retail cash generated from operations                                                                         2,313             2,241
Interest paid                                                                                                  (336)            (347)       Pension cash contributions of £27 million (2024/25: £45 million) reduced £18 million year-on-year due to a
Corporation tax paid                                                                                            (112)             (89)      funding level event occurring in 2024/25, leading to reduced contributions under the Asset Backed
                                                                                                                                            Contributions scheme. We expect cash contributions in 2026/27 to be around £27 million.
Retail net cash generated from operating activities                                                           1,865             1,805
Cash capital expenditure                                                                                       (843)            (825)       We paid corporation tax of £112 million in the year (2024/25: £89 million). The £23 million increase in tax
Repayments of lease liabilities                                                                                (504)            (487)       payable year on year is mainly due to reduced levels of tax deductible non-underlying expenses and timing of
                                                                                                                                            deductions related to share based payments.
Initial direct costs on right-of-use assets                                                                       (8)            (34)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                          41               45        Cash capital expenditure was £843 million (2024/25: £825 million). The year-on-year increase was primarily
Interest income                                                                                                  23               27        driven by continued investment in new space and space rebalancing as well as increased investment in
Retail free cash flow                                                                                           574                  531    technology, automation, personalisation and retail media. We expect core retail cash capital expenditure in
                                                                                                                                            2026/27 to be between £800 million and £850 million.
Dividends paid on ordinary shares                                                                              (316)            (308)
Special dividend paid                                                                                          (250)               —        Proceeds from the disposal of property, plant and equipment were £41 million (2024/25: £45 million), of which
Purchase of own shares – share buyback                                                                         (251)            (200)       £13 million related to the Hendon mixed use development site which completed in 2024/25. The remaining
Net repayment of borrowings                                                                                     (59)             (79)       proceeds resulted from disposals, in line with our property strategy.
Other share-related transactions                                                                                 (37)            (43)       As at 28 February 2026, net debt was £5,743 million (1 March 2025: £5,758 million), a decrease of £15 million.
Dividend received from Sainsbury’s Bank                                                                         400                —
Financial Services strategic review                                                                             (59)              (52)      Excluding the impact of lease liabilities, non-lease net debt reduced by £61 million in the year to £203 million
                                                                                                                                            (1 March 2025: £264 million), benefitting from £100 million of net cash proceeds arising from the phased
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                               2             (151)
                                                                                                                                            withdrawal from Financial Services which will not be returned to shareholders until 2026/27.
Decrease in debt                                                                                                563               566
Other non-cash and net interest movements b)                                                                   (550)             (619)      Net debt includes lease liabilities of £5,540 million, up £46 million (1 March 2025: £5,494 million).

Movement in net debt                                                                             31               15            (204)
Opening net debt                                                                                 31          (5,758)          (5,554)
Closing net debt                                                                                 31          (5,743)           (5,758)
Of which:
Lease liabilities                                                                                31          (5,540)          (5,494)
Net debt excluding lease liabilities                                                                           (203)            (264)
a) For reconciliation refer to Alternative Performance Measures in notes A2.1 and A2.2 on pages 204 to 205. Net debt is defined as
   Retail net debt. Refer to note A3.1 on page 206.
b) Other non-cash movements relate to new leases and lease modifications, foreign exchange, the cancellation of own shares once
   purchased and fair value adjustments relating to derivatives.
39       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                            Strategic Report    Governance Report      Financial Statements


Financial review continued

Financial ratios                                                                                                                                                  Sainsbury’s            Argos          Group           Group
                                                                                                                                                                         as at            as at          as at           as at
                                                                                              As at             As at                                             28 February      28 February    28 February         1 March
                                                                                       28 February           1 March                                                     2026             2026           2026            2025
Key financial ratios a)                                                                       2026              2025    Retirement benefit obligations                    £m               £m              £m             £m
Return on capital employed                                                                   8.9%             9.0%      Present value of funded obligations           (5,049)            (774)          (5,823)        (5,575)
Net debt to EBITDA                                                                            2.6x             2.6x     Fair value of plan assets                      5,454              917            6,371          6,329
Fixed charge cover                                                                            2.7x             2.8x     Pension surplus                                  405              143             548            754
a) Reconciliations are set out in notes A4.1, A3.2 and A4.2 of the APMs on page 206.                                    Present value of unfunded obligations             (23)             —               (23)           (23)

Return on capital employed (ROCE) declined 10 basis points year on year, primarily driven by lower total                Retirement benefit surplus                        382             143             525             731
underlying operating profit.                                                                                            Deferred income tax liability                    (158)            (36)           (194)           (218)

Sainsbury’s continues to target leverage of 3.0x – 2.4x to deliver a solid investment grade balance sheet.              Net retirement benefit surplus                   224              107             331            513
Net debt to EBITDA remains stable within the targeted leverage range. Fixed charge cover is also stable.

Defined benefit pensions
At 28 February 2026, the net defined benefit surplus under IAS 19 for the Group was £525 million (excluding
deferred tax). This marks a decrease of £206 million from the prior year-end date of 1 March 2025. This is
primarily due to higher liabilities arising from adoption of the latest CMI mortality forecasts, higher forecast
inflation and model updates required following completion of the 2024 triennial valuation, partially offset by a
10 bps increase in the discount rate driven by widening AA credit spreads.
                                                                                                                        Bláthnaid Bergin
                                                                                                                        Chief Financial Officer
The latest triennial valuation as at 30 September 2024 (the 2024 triennial) was completed on 20th March 2026
                                                                                                                        22 April 2026
and showed a surplus of £171 million, including the estimated value of the Scheme’s entitlements under the
asset backed contribution (ABC) structure. Excluding these entitlements, the surplus was £15 million. The 2024
triennial, among other actuarial updates, assumes higher inflation volatility, which has the effect of reducing
expected liabilities. This may result in an earlier end to contributions under the ABC structure. To provide
additional assurance to the Scheme in that context, the Group has established an escrow account in favour of
the Scheme, which will expire no later than 2048. Funds will be deposited into the escrow account, and either
be released to the Group, or contributed to the Scheme, depending on agreed funding triggers. This
arrangement, coupled with the ABC arrangement, will act to protect the Scheme’s access to funds while
reducing the risk that the Company might overfund the Scheme. There are no funds deposited in the escrow
arrangement as at 28 February 2026.
We expect total defined benefit pension scheme cash contributions to be around £27 million in 2026/27
(2025/26: £27 million).
40     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                       Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Principal risks and uncertainties

We are a resilient, values-led business. Managing risk is both part of how we operate and recognised as key
to achieving our ambitions.
The Board has conducted a thorough review of the specific risks we face and how we mitigate them. The Board has invested time to ensure that governance, oversight and risk frameworks remain key pillars in delivering
the Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy.
Over the following pages, we set out an overview of our risk management and internal control framework, the principal risks at year-end, ongoing mitigations and how these align to our strategy. The Operating Board
monitors these principal risks on an ongoing basis, considering our risk appetite and amending mitigations where appropriate.


Our approach to risk management
                                           Key activities                                                                                                                                        Stakeholder input
                                           • Both ‘bottom-up’ divisional and ‘top-down’ Operating Board led assessments are used to identify key risks that could                                •   Operating Board
                                             prevent us from achieving our strategic objectives                                                                                                  •   Governance forums
                                           • To drive consistency, we use risk categories to identify and assess completeness:                                                                   •   Divisional leadership teams
                                                                                                                                                                                                 •   Audit and Risk team
     1. Risk identification                   – Strategic risks that are born out of the choices we make and our external environment, for example change delivery or the
                                                trading environment
                                              – Operational and compliance risks that are inherent in the way we operate, e.g. business resilience or data security
                                              – Financial risks that reflect our financial environment, performance and deployment of resources, e.g. funding


                                           • Risks are assessed based on their likelihood and potential operational, reputational and financial impacts                                          •   Operating Board
                                           • We evaluate these risks over different time frames and perspectives, using relevant risk metrics aligned with our corporate                         •   Governance forums
                                                                                                                                                                                                 •   Divisional leadership teams
     2. Risk assessment                      risk appetite
                                                                                                                                                                                                 •   Audit and Risk team
                                           • This approach allows us to adapt focus and mitigation strategies for current principal risks, respond to business events and
                                             uncertainties, and monitor emerging risks

                                           • Manage risks by implementing mitigation plans and controls aligned with our risk appetite and tolerances                                            •   Operating Board
                                           • The implementation of the risk management and internal control framework in the business is devolved, ensuring that                                 •   Governance forums
                                                                                                                                                                                                 •   Divisional leadership teams
       3. Risk response                      ownership for managing risks is embedded throughout the organisation
                                                                                                                                                                                                 •   Audit and Risk team
                                           • This approach drives accountability and aligns with our valued behaviours, ensuring integrity and visibility in the risk
                                             management process

                                           • Monitor and report to the relevant governance forums on risks, key risk indicators, associated mitigation and management                            •   Board
                                             plans, material control effectiveness and changes to the internal/external environment                                                              •   Audit Committee
        4. Monitoring                                                                                                                                                                            •   Operating Board
        and reporting                                                                                                                                                                            •   Business leaders
                                                                                                                                                                                                 •   Audit and Risk team
41     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Principal risks and uncertainties continued

The Board has overall responsibility for risk management, the system of internal control and reviewing the              Key elements of our risk                                    review and comment, as well as any changes to our
effectiveness of these at least annually. The Board has carried out a robust assessment of the Company’s                                                                            risk framework, policies or processes.
emerging and principal risks, including those that would threaten its business model, future performance,               management process
                                                                                                                        A bottom-up risk assessment process is run with             The Audit and Risk teams provide independent
solvency or liquidity. As such, it has approved our principal risks disclosure, as set out on pages 42 to 47. Certain
                                                                                                                        divisional leadership that identifies the key risks         assurance to management and the Audit Committee
responsibilities have been delegated to the Audit Committee, as outlined on page 76.
                                                                                                                        which may prevent the achievement of their strategic,       over specific risk areas as part of their annual audit
                                                                                                                        operational, compliance or financial objectives.            plan. The Board, Audit Committee and Operating
                                                                                                                        A risk map is maintained for each division, allowing        Board actively monitor risk throughout the year.
                                                            • Annual assessment of system of internal control
                                                                                                                        assessment of key risks and setting of targets and          They achieve this through routine risk management
                                                            • Principal risk and uncertainty disclosures                                                                            updates at dedicated sub-committees focused on
                                                                                                                        actions to achieve risk appetite where applicable.
                       Board                                                                                            A consolidated view of relevant risks and the               specific risk domains, as well as updates on key
             Approval of risk disclosures                                                                               effectiveness of mitigating activities (including           matters through strategic planning and the periodic
                                                                                                                        material controls) are also discussed at relevant           Business Performance Review processes.
                                                                                                                        governance forums covering: safety; data governance;        The Audit Committee Chair provides updates on risk
                                                                                                                        and environment, social and governance matters.             management to the Board.
                                                            • Assessment and review of corporate and emerging           The Operating Board maintains the overall corporate
                                                              risks                                                     risk map, which captures key risks to achieving our         Emerging risks and opportunities
              Audit Committee                               • Risk deep dives received                                  strategic objectives. The risk map is evaluated in line     Emerging risks and opportunities are formally
         Corporate risk updates, deep dives                 • Risk policy and framework approved                        with our agreed risk appetite and tolerances for the        reviewed in the year to allow emerging risks to be
           and review of risk framework                     • Internal Audit reporting                                  supporting measures defined for each corporate risk.        considered and discussed by each division and then
                                                                                                                        It is formally reviewed from a top-down perspective         collated to perform a business-wide assessment of
                                                                                                                        twice a year to consider the outputs of the bottom- up      how emerging risks and opportunities may impact
                                                                                                                        process to assess themes, risk movements and new            our business. The risks are reported to the Operating
                                                            • Corporate risk map updated and actions monitored          risks. Actions and a target risk position are agreed        Board and Audit Committee and considered in
                                                            • Risk deep dives received                                  and tracked for any risks where management’s risk           strategic planning, and relevant actions are agreed.
                                                                                                                        appetite differs to the current net position.               Emerging risk themes continue to relate to:
               Operating Board                              • Emerging risk map reviewed
       Corporate risk updates and deep dives                                                                            Operating Board members confirm annually that the           • Consumer expectations are rapidly shifting due to
                                                                                                                        corporate risk map accurately reflects their view of          demographic change, evolving health priorities
                                                                                                                        key risks across the organisation. They also confirm          and new shopping behaviours, creating both
                                                                                                                        that they are responsible for managing risks relevant         risks and opportunities for innovation and
                                                                                                                        to their division, that internal controls exist to            market growth
                                                            • Divisional risks relevant to forums’ area of scope        provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that        • Continued national and global uncertainty can
                                                              received                                                  the risks in their areas of responsibility are                impact the communities we serve as well as our
            Governance forums                               • Governance forum risk map reviewed                        appropriately identified, evaluated and managed,              suppliers, operations and colleagues
                                                                                                                        and that they also attest to the operating                  • Technology acceleration – including the emergence
         Risk identification and monitoring
                                                                                                                        effectiveness of material controls; this is also              of agentic AI – presents both risks and opportunities
                                                                                                                        reported to the Board.                                        across our customer proposition, operations,
                                                                                                                        To ensure a joined-up view of risk from the                   transformation programmes and wider market
                                                                                                                        bottom-up and top-down processes, the risk team               sector, creating new exposures while offering
                                                            • Divisional risk maps reviewed and challenged              is involved in each process. It provides the Audit            potential to enhance productivity and impact
                                                            • Divisional emerging risk map reviewed                     Committee with a risk management update at least              customer experience
      Divisional leadership teams                           • Monitor risk actions                                      twice a year to support its fulfilment of its risk
            Bottom-up risk identification                                                                               management objectives. This includes an overview of
                                                                                                                        changes to the corporate risk map and risk
                                                                                                                        disclosures agreed by the Operating Board for its
42      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Principal risks and uncertainties continued

  Changes to principal risk disclosures                                                                                 Business continuity, operational resilience and major incident response V
  As described above, the principal and emerging risks are discussed and monitored throughout the year                  Risk                                  Mitigations
  to identify and respond to changes in the risk landscape.                                                             A major incident or catastrophic       • The Operating Board sets the operational resilience strategy
  Overall, the principal risks are consistent with last year, with four changes to note. The net risk exposures         event could affect the business or its   for the business, ensuring it is targeted on our core operations
  for ‘Data Security’ and ‘Political and Regulatory Environment’ have increased due to incidents in the retail          individual brands’ ability to trade.     required to run the business. The Operating Board oversees the
  sector in 2025 and the evolving regulatory landscape respectively. Two principal risks have been removed,             Sainsbury’s exposure to operational      delivery of technology improvements which are designed to
  including Sainsbury’s Bank, reflecting changes to the financial services business model. ‘Financial and               resilience and major incident risks      improve operational resilience going forward
  Treasury’ is no longer considered a principal risk to the Group due to the status of the Group balance sheet,         may be greater because of              • The Operational Resilience Committee, which includes
  investment grade credit rating and access to diverse funding options.                                                 operational complexities, our broad      representatives from functions across Sainsbury’s, meets
                                                                                                                        supplier base and some ageing            regularly to implement the operational resilience policy and
                                                                                                                        systems.                                 strategy
Our principal risks
                                                                                                                        Business disruptions are actively      • Business-wide resilience exercises are undertaken to simulate real
The most significant principal risks identified by the Board and the associated mitigations are set out on the                                                   life business continuity scenarios and test our ability to respond
                                                                                                                        managed either through day-to-day
following pages. The risks with the potential to significantly impact the business have been included in the risk                                                effectively. This includes testing our emergency call cascade.
                                                                                                                        ways of working or, if needed,
modelling conducted during the preparation of the viability statement. They are highlighted with this symbol:                                                    Actions in response to lessons learnt are agreed
                                                                                                                        through the Incident Response
 V                                                                                                                      Team (IRT).                            • Key business processes are assessed for operational resilience
We have also clearly set out the link between each principal risk and the Group’s key performance indicators                                                     impacts against a set of minimum standards. The Operational
(see pages 18 to 19) and continue to highlight the link with the strategy of the business, as follows:                                                           Resilience team performs a programme of assurance reviews over
                                                                                                                        Direct oversight: Operating Board        these assessments and contingency measures are regularly tested
The net risk movement from the prior year for each principal risk and uncertainty has been assessed and is
                                                                                                                        Link to strategy                       • In the event of any unplanned or unforeseen events, the IRT
presented as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                 is convened to manage the response and any associated risk
      No                Increased net         Reduced net                                                                                                        to the business
      change            risk exposure         risk exposure                                                             Link to key performance                • The IRT Chair reports to the Operating Board, which provides
                                                                                                                        indicators: N/A                          strategic direction and decision-making across financial,
Mitigations in place, supporting the management of the risk to a net risk position, are also described for each                                                  operational and regulatory matters, considering all stakeholders
principal risk. Accepting that it is not possible to identify, anticipate or eliminate every risk that may arise, and   Movement:
that risk is an inherent part of doing business, our risk management process aims to provide reasonable
assurance that we understand, monitor and manage the main uncertainties that we face in delivering our
strategic priorities.




First choice for food            Loyalty everyone loves       More Argos, more often     Save and invest to win
43      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                         Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Principal risks and uncertainties continued

 Business strategy and change                                                                                    V   Data security                                                                                               V
 Risk                                       Mitigations                                                               Risk                                   Mitigations

 Delivering the Next Level                  • Our Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy, as set out in this strategic       It is essential that the security      • A Data Governance Committee (DGC) is in place to oversee
 Sainsbury’s strategy requires                report, is focused on delivering our purpose through achieving          of customer, colleague and               the management of colleague, customer and commercial data,
 significant, concurrent change               four key outcomes:                                                      Company confidential data is             information security and associated awareness and training. Deep
 activities to be delivered in the                                                                                    maintained. A major breach of            dives on specific areas of our control environment are performed
 right sequence and at pace to                                                                                        information security could have          through the year and metrics to measure alignment to our risk
 drive business value.                         First choice for food                                                  a significant operational, financial     appetite are reviewed in each meeting
                                                                                                                      and reputational impact on             • The Data Governance and Information Security function works
 Key risks associated with this
                                                                                                                      the business.                            as part of our Technology division to continuously develop
 include our ability to effectively
 govern, prioritise and land                                                                                          The risk landscape remains               information security strategies and build the necessary capabilities
                                               Loyalty everyone loves                                                                                          to respond to the increasing number and sophistication of attacks,
 competing change activities                                                                                          challenging with deliberate
 across business process, operating                                                                                   acts of cybercrime, including            alongside focusing on improving how we handle data and protect
 model, tech capabilities, savings                                                                                    ransomware attacks, a continued          systems across the organisation
 delivery and investment returns.                                                                                     threat, targeting all markets, and     • There is active monitoring and analysis of changes to legal
                                               More Argos, more often
 To support this there is focus on                                                                                    there remains a key risk exposure        and regulatory compliance requirements in this area and current
 embedding our purpose, goals and                                                                                     to broader business disruption           and emerging threats. This analysis is used to tune and apply our
 objectives, ensuring organisational                                                                                  as well as to data breaches. Our         security framework accordingly. There are regular updates to the
 alignment, as well as building                Save and invest to win                                                 security arrangements continue           DGC, the Operating Board and the Audit Committee on progress
 capability and capacity to deliver.                                                                                  to evolve in order to protect            in delivering our information security strategies
                                            • The Strategy and Transformation functions drive aligned
                                              decision-making, supported by visibility and resource prioritisation    the business.                          • A suite of 17 information security policies is in place, which
                                              across our major change portfolio. They support all key elements                                                 focuses on areas including effective use and governance of AI,
 Direct oversight: Business                   of strategic delivery and transformation across the business, to                                                 encryption, network security, access controls, data protection
 Performance Review, Operating                ensure we realise maximum value whilst balancing risk,                  Direct oversight: Data                   and information handling. There is continued investment
 Board                                        dependencies and operational performance                                Governance Committee                     in technology to support the implementation of policy and
 Link to strategy                                                                                                     Link to strategy                         regulatory requirements
                                            • To ensure focus is maintained on delivering the strategic priorities
                                              of the business, major new projects are approved by the Operating                                              • There is continued focus on ensuring that robust governance and
                                              Board once they have been through robust challenge on strategic                                                  control frameworks are implemented. This includes monitoring
 Link to key performance                      alignment, expected returns and risks associated with their delivery    Link to key performance                  and improving maturity via continuous reviews of our controls
 indicators: All metrics                                                                                              indicators: N/A                          against the NIST framework for information security and GDPR
                                            • The Operating Board also monitors and reviews the in-year
                                                                                                                                                               regulation and PCI standards in terms of data security
                                              implementation of the plans to meet budget targets through the
 Movement:                                                                                                            Movement:                              • A risk-based security testing approach across IT infrastructure
                                              periodic Business Performance Review process and dedicated
                                              strategic updates. In addition, each strategic outcome is closely                                                and systems is in place to identify and address vulnerabilities and
                                              monitored by a dedicated Acceleration Squad chaired by the                                                       allow us to adapt and improve our defences
                                              relevant Operating Board sponsor                                                                               • Reviews of key third parties which hold sensitive customer or
                                                                                                                                                               colleague data continue to take place and progress of the review
                                                                                                                                                               and agreed actions is monitored by the DGC
                                                                                                                                                             • All colleagues are required to complete mandatory training
                                                                                                                                                               on how to keep our information safe. This is supplemented by
                                                                                                                                                               bi‑monthly colleague awareness campaigns, focusing on specific
                                                                                                                                                               aspects of data and information security, for example monthly
                                                                                                                                                               email phishing exercises, with results reported to the DGC and
                                                                                                                                                               defined escalations for colleagues who fail
44      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                       Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Principal risks and uncertainties continued

 Environment and social sustainability                                                                            Safety and security
 Risk                                       Mitigations                                                            Risk                                    Mitigations

 Plan for Better was launched in            • Our Plan for Better sets out our sustainability goals across our     Prevention of injury and loss of life   • The Group Safety Committee oversees safety and security
 2021 and puts our responsibilities           whole business, outlining our priority areas of focus, our key       for both customers and colleagues         management across the Group. It met regularly during the year,
 towards our planet and people at             commitments and our progress. We have aligned our focus to the       is of utmost importance and is            receiving detailed reports on a wide range of topics, including
 the core of our purpose and                  UN Sustainable Development Goals and focus on those issues           paramount to maintaining the              across Facilities Management, Food Technical, Retail, Audit and
 business.                                    where we believe we can deliver the biggest impact                   confidence our customers and              Product. Key areas of focus this year included improving data
                                            • The Plan for Better Acceleration Squad provides regular updates to   colleagues have in our business.          quality, understanding root causes and risk removal
 By understanding and mitigating
 the impact of the climate,                   the Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee and to     Rising levels of retail crime and       • The Operating Board and Board receive regular reporting on
 biodiversity loss and nature crises          the Operating Board as required. This Acceleration Squad oversees    growing threats to colleagues and         safety. An annual Operating Board deep dive on safety and
 on our business operations,                  delivery of the Plan for Better programme                            the security of assets reinforce the      security is conducted with the Director of Occupational Health,
 reducing our environmental                 • Progress in achieving our targets is monitored, with the approach    need for robust controls, a strong        Safety and Insurance, the Director of Food Technical and the Head
 impact as well as using our size             being adjusted as needed. Additionally, progress towards             culture of safety and vigilance           of Crime and Security
 and scale to mobilise action, we             achieving all targets within Plan for Better is publicly reported    across all our operations.              • The Colleague Safety and Total Loss Steering Committee was introduced
 want to build a more resilient               annually to ensure transparency                                                                                this year to provide strategic oversight and direction on colleague
 business and play a leading role in        • Sainsbury’s has disclosed against the Task Force on Climate-                                                   safety, retail crime and asset protection, ensuring a coordinated
 creating a more sustainable UK               related Financial Disclosures since 2021 and in 2024 signed up to    Direct oversight: Group Safety            approach to reduce harm and prevent loss across the business
 food system.                                 become an adopter of the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial       Committee                               • Our approach to both safety and security continues to evolve in line
                                              Disclosures. This framework will be utilised to build an             Link to strategy                          with changes in the risk profile in the business
                                              understanding of climate and nature-related risks and                                                        • A safety vision is defined and a set of reactive and proactive metrics
 Direct oversight: Corporate                  opportunities, which are utilised to inform strategy and                                                       that align to each core area of the business is in place to support
 Responsibility and Sustainability            decision-making processes                                                                                      effective monitoring and planning
                                                                                                                   Link to key performance
 Committee, Plan for Better                                                                                                                                • Clear policies and procedures are in place detailing the controls
                                                                                                                   indicators: N/A
 Acceleration Squad                                                                                                                                          required to manage health and safety across the business, aligned
 Link to strategy                                                                                                  Movement:                                 to assured Primary Authority advice, to comply with all applicable
                                                                                                                                                             laws and regulations. Primary Authority oversight, internal training
                                                                                                                                                             and monitoring support process compliance, with oversight
 Link to key performance                                                                                                                                     provided by field teams in both Safety and Internal Audit
 indicators: Plan for Better                                                                                                                               • Work has continued to further enhance capabilities, data and
 commitments                                                                                                                                                 measures of success. This will drive prioritisation, simplification and
                                                                                                                                                             stakeholder alignment across the business in order to maintain our
 Movement:                                                                                                                                                   focus on reducing harm and its associated costs by removing
                                                                                                                                                             unnecessary complexity
                                                                                                                                                           • To support a safer environment for colleagues and customers to
                                                                                                                                                             work and shop, mitigations are risk based and data led, whilst
                                                                                                                                                             incorporating external benchmarking and collaboration.
                                                                                                                                                             Engagement remains a priority across policing and government
                                                                                                                                                           • Mitigating measures include security officers, store detectives,
                                                                                                                                                             Security Operations Centre and multiple technology investments,
                                                                                                                                                             including body worn cameras, CCTV and trials of facial recognition
                                                                                                                                                             technology. Retail colleagues received updated Keeping Colleagues
                                                                                                                                                             Safe training and incident reporting remains a priority to ensure
                                                                                                                                                             data remains up to date
45      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                     Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Principal risks and uncertainties continued

 Political and regulatory environment                                                                                                                                                                                         V
 Risk                                                                      Mitigations

 Our business operations are impacted by a wide range of legal and         • Assessment of regulatory and compliance                   • We liaise with external parties and our internal stakeholders to monitor changes
 regulatory requirements. There remains an increasing trend of               requirements continues to directly inform our strategic     to existing regulations that would impact the business, so that we can respond
 industry focus, regulation (often with uncertainty around timelines,        planning and investment choices, which are embedded         appropriately. During the year we have:
 variable adoption in devolved nations and impact) and enforcement           within our Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy                  – Continued to evaluate the impact of the post-Brexit regulatory and enforcement
 action impacting all areas of our business.                               • Accountability is defined for each key risk with key          regime, the impact of corporate governance reform and changes to business rates,
 This adds significant cost as we respond to requirements, drives            elements of the compliance framework evaluated                the apprenticeship levy and health regulations
 complexity into our business processes and increases the risk of            through a biennial regulatory risk assessment, targeted     – Proactively responded to regulatory consultations and worked with governments
 non-compliance, which could lead to fines, criminal penalties for           audits and monitoring.                                        to understand the impact of deposit return schemes, extended producer
 Sainsbury’s or our colleagues or litigation, for example, class actions   • Policies, mandatory training and key processes,               responsibility for packaging (EPR), plastics and food waste regulations
 such as the ongoing equal value claim.                                      including global Rightline whistleblowing                   – Anticipated and responded to other emerging areas of regulatory focus on
                                                                             arrangements, are in place to support compliance with         environment and climate change, and associated reporting requirements
 Key regulatory risks impacting our business operations include              key regulatory areas
 the Competition Act 1998, the Digital Markets Competition and                                                                           – Continued to vigorously defend the equal value claims
 Consumer Act (which encompasses pricing and promotional                                                                               • As a responsible business, we proactively engage with government, devolved
 requirements), regulations regarding high fat, salt and sugar products,                                                                 administrations, regulators and industry bodies in the areas in which we operate,
 the Groceries Supply Code of Practice, circular economy reforms                                                                         on public policy issues impacting our customers and colleagues. For example,
 (such as Extended Producer Responsibility) and the Bribery Act.                                                                         our work on the new aggravated offence of assault on a retail worker. Our
 Direct oversight: Operating Board                                                                                                       engagement is transparent and we allow our responses to government consultations
                                                                                                                                         to be made public
 Link to strategy


 Link to key performance indicators: N/A

 Movement:
46      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Principal risks and uncertainties continued

 Product safety and sourcing                                                                                                                                                                                                         V
 Risk                                       Mitigations

 Failure to manage safety and               • The Group Safety Committee receives regular reports on product safety from the               • Across both Food and General Merchandise, there are established supplier audit and
 sourcing risks for both food and             Director of Food Technical and the Director of Commercial Operations and Development           product testing programmes in place to support rigorous monitoring of supplier sites,
 non-food products can lead to                – General Merchandise and on operational food safety risks from the Director of                product safety, traceability, integrity and ethical issues, including Modern Slavery.
 injury or loss of life, breach of            Occupational Health, Safety and Insurance. In addition, the Corporate Responsibility           Supplier terms, conditions and product specifications set clear standards for product/raw
 regulation and/or reputational               and Sustainability Committee discusses matters related to product sourcing risk,               material safety and quality with which suppliers are expected to comply. Third-party
 damage.                                      including supply chain transparency, Modern Slavery and human rights                           ethical audits are minimum requirements for all sites and in Food all suppliers have
                                            • The Operating Board and Board receive regular reporting on safety. An annual Operating         minimum third-party food safety and quality audit requirements
                                              Board deep dive on safety is conducted with the Director of Food Technical                   • In Food, there is an established supplier risk assessment and supplier requirements are
 Direct oversight: Group Safety                                                                                                              detailed in Food Safety, Non-Food Safety and Responsible Sourcing Manuals. An audit
                                            • Clear policies, procedures and governance are in place managing and detailing the controls
 Committee, Plan for Better                                                                                                                  programme assesses and verifies compliance with these requirements. All direct
                                              required to mitigate product safety, product integrity and ethical risks across both the
 Acceleration Squad, Corporate                                                                                                               manufacturing sites have a food safety audit a minimum of once every three years (risk
                                              Food and General Merchandise businesses and to comply with all applicable
 Responsibility and Sustainability                                                                                                           dependent) and all new sites have an onboarding audit. New integrity audits launch this
                                              regulations
 Committee                                                                                                                                   year in high risk areas, to verify compliance authenticity, product claims and welfare
                                            • Safety processes are in place in our depots and stores covering refrigeration and quality
 Link to strategy                             management controls to ensure the safety and integrity of all products                         requirements in the Responsible Sourcing Manual
                                            • There are separate technical functions implementing safety and quality frameworks,           • In General Merchandise, technical standards are signed off and tracked through the
                                              including training, for the Food and General Merchandise businesses. This ensures              product development lifecycle. General Merchandise site audits and visit programmes
 Link to key performance                      arrangements reflect the specific product risks in each area for our own brand products        are established based on performance and risk. As a minimum, sites are audited every
 indicators: N/A                                                                                                                             two years and visited every three years by the Technical and Ethical team
                                                                                                                                           • There are incident management escalation procedures in place to quickly resolve issues
 Movement:
                                                                                                                                             for food and non-food product incidents, including risk assessing and removing
                                                                                                                                             products from sale if required
47      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Principal risks and uncertainties continued

 Trading environment and customer expectations                                                                 V    Colleague engagement, retention and capability
 Risk                                       Mitigations                                                              Risk                                     Mitigations

 We operate in a highly competitive         • We have a wide, differentiated portfolio of brands, including          The business employs around              • Employment policies and remuneration and benefits packages
 market during a time of higher               Sainsbury’s, Argos, Habitat, Tu clothing, and Nectar, which            140,000 colleagues who are critical        are regularly reviewed and are designed to be fair, consistent and
 economic and geopolitical                    provides some inherent resilience to unforeseen changes                to the success of our business.            competitive. This year we have invested further in colleague pay
 uncertainty. The business, across          • The Customer, Commercial and Channels Forum, chaired by the            Attracting talented colleagues,            with above inflation pay rises for hourly paid colleagues. Our
 all brands, must continue to                 Chief Marketing Officer, is responsible for ensuring the customer is   investing in training and                  colleagues receive a colleague discount of 10 per cent in Sainsbury’s
 ensure it remains competitive                at the heart of our decision-making on range and execution             development and rewarding                  rising to 15 per cent every Friday and Saturday and to 20 per cent
 and evolves to meet customer               • We continually monitor customer attitudes, behaviours                  colleagues fairly are all essential        on a number of key dates across the year
 expectations.                                and satisfaction, current market trends and price points               to the continuity of our operations.     • Executing against the workforce strategy developed and owned
                                              across competitors. We respond through actively managing               An inability to attract, motivate          by the Operating Board to identify the key skills and capability
 With the outlook set to remain
                                              price positions, developing sales propositions and adjusting           and retain talent, specific skillsets      shifts needed to help plan for the long term
 challenging, we need to respond
                                              promotional and marketing activity                                     and capability would impact our          • Leadership Performance Expectations have been introduced and
 appropriately and at pace to
                                                                                                                     ability to deliver our strategic           embedded around what’s required of all leaders in Sainsbury’s.
 external market conditions                 • We remain focused on value, quality, innovation and service,
                                                                                                                     objectives. The availability of skills     This includes how we hire, onboard and deploy performance
 while maintaining clear focus on             reflecting both what existing customers want and what will
                                                                                                                     in specific areas (such as AI) is a        management. Aligned processes are in place to nurture talent and
 delivering our strategic objectives.         attract new customers
                                                                                                                     key area of focus, given the               provide fulfilling career opportunities through performance and
                                            • We continue to offer and develop different price points to
 We also need to be mindful of the                                                                                   challenging labour market.                 development discussions, talent management, succession
                                              meet customer needs, ensuring we retain existing and attract
 ongoing risk of supplier failure,                                                                                                                              planning and investment in developing leaders to build capability
                                              new customers                                                          The macroeconomic environment
 either through insolvency or                                                                                                                                   and support a positive culture
                                            • In terms of supplier continuity specifically, we maintain regular,     and regulatory changes, such as
 through an inability to deliver
                                              open dialogue with key suppliers concerning their ability to trade     the Employee Rights Bill, require a      • Colleague sentiment and views are sought through regular listening
 products due to global supply
                                              and collaborate with them on solutions where appropriate. The          focus on efficient operations, which       activity. Listening outputs are complemented with national,
 chain challenges.
                                              variety and breadth of our supply base allows us to continue to        may include change initiatives that        regional and local Make It Better Together forums and leader
                                              source products and mitigate the risk of local disruption, with        could impact trust or engagement           listening sessions. We benchmark our engagement against global
                                              sourcing offices located in key buying regions including India,        with our colleagues.                       benchmarks and specific retail benchmarks. In addition, the
 Direct oversight: Customer,
                                              Bangladesh, Hong Kong and Shanghai                                                                                Operating Board and Non-Executive Directors hold active listening
 Commercial and Channels Forum,
                                                                                                                                                                sessions on a regular basis
 Operating Board                            • Reflecting the continued challenges faced in global supply chains
                                                                                                                     Direct oversight: Operating Board        • There are a wide range of opportunities available to colleagues to
 Link to strategy                             including the impact of regional conflicts and other geopolitical
                                              factors, we have continued to work closely and collaboratively         Link to strategy                           develop with specific talent programmes in place across
                                              with all our suppliers to maintain availability of products. Actions                                              operational, early careers, professional and executive roles
                                              taken include working with our carrier partners to mitigate                                                     • An impact assessment of the Employee Rights Bill has been
 Link to key performance                                                                                                                                        completed and specific actions have been developed to address
                                              the impact of supply route disruption, onboarding alternative          Link to key performance
 indicators: Food volume growth                                                                                                                                 the identified areas of impact. These actions are now being
                                              suppliers, rationalising products, forecasting demand and              indicators: Colleague
 Movement:                                    providing logistics support                                            engagement                                 progressed positively in collaboration with unions and
                                                                                                                                                                employee representatives
                                                                                                                     Movement:
48     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                             Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Statement of viability

1. How Sainsbury’s assesses its prospects                                                                               Previously, additional consideration was given to the credit, liquidity and capital adequacy of the Bank given
                                                                                                                        the phased withdrawal from Financial Services and transition to a distributed model. Following the completed
The Group’s business activities and strategy are central to assessing its future prospects. These, together with        transactions with NatWest, NewDay, NoteMachine, Allianz and Fexco in the current and prior year, the current
factors likely to affect its future development, performance and position are set out in the strategic report on        capital position and the progress made on transition, the Directors no longer deem this a material
pages 1 to 51. The financial position of the Group, its cash flows and liquidity are highlighted in the financial       consideration in making an assessment of the Group’s viability.
review on pages 34 to 39. Details of financial covenants are set out in note 27.4 on page 176.
The Group manages its financing by diversifying funding sources, structuring core borrowings with phased                2. The assessment period
maturities to manage refinancing risk and maintaining sufficient levels of committed funding via the Revolving          The Directors have determined that the three years to February 2029 is an appropriate period over which to
Credit Facility. Maintaining a suitable level of undrawn additional funding capacity minimises liquidity risk.          provide its viability statement. This was considered the appropriate timeframe by the Directors because:
The Group’s prospects are assessed primarily through its corporate planning process. This includes an annual            • This period is consistent with that typically used for the Group’s corporate planning process as detailed
review which considers profitability, the Group’s cash flows, committed funding and forecasted future funding             above and reflects the Directors’ best estimate of the future prospects of the business.
requirements typically over three years, with a further year of indicative movements. As part of the corporate          • The Group does not earn revenue through long-term contracts. Therefore, changes to the Group’s corporate
planning process, the Directors make a number of assumptions about business performance and the availability              plan are predominantly impacted by sales and cost assumptions. These are more difficult to predict beyond
and effectiveness of mitigating actions available to the Group. In particular, cash flow forecasting gives visibility     a three-year time horizon. Both have been stress-tested as part of the viability assessment.
of the Group’s funding headroom, comparing net debt with the level of committed facilities over the planning
period.                                                                                                                 3. Assessment of viability
The most recent corporate plan was approved in March 2026, as part of the normal budgeting process. This is             To make the assessment of viability the following have been performed:
reviewed by the Operating Board and ultimately by the Board with involvement throughout from both the CFO               • Scenarios have been modelled over and above those in the corporate plan, based upon a number of the
and Chief Executive. Part of the Board’s role is to consider the appropriateness of the key assumptions, taking           Group’s principal risks and uncertainties (as documented on pages 40 – 47). The scenarios were overlaid into
into account the external environment, business strategy, model and principal risks.                                      the corporate plan to assess the potential impact on net debt and the Group’s financial covenants of one or
In its assessment of the Group’s prospects, the Board has taken into account:                                             more of these crystallising over the assessment period and were tested in isolation and in combination with
                                                                                                                          one another. The impact of the movements in net debt on the Group’s funding headroom were then
• The Group’s Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy. We’ve committed to become the First choice for food by                     assessed. Mitigating actions to maintain funding headroom were considered as part of the assessment as
  bringing more of Sainsbury’s food range to more customers. This is expected to deliver further grocery                  required. These include reducing any non-essential capital and operating expenditure, discretionary pay
  market volume share gains.                                                                                              and dividend payments
• Inflationary pressures. Sustained levels of high inflation continue to put pressure on the Group’s cost base          • Reverse stress testing was performed to determine the extent to which cash flows would need to deteriorate
  and on consumer spend. External forecasts indicate that this is expected to continue, limiting discretionary            before fully utilising the Group’s funding headroom or breaching its financial covenants and after taking into
  spend and putting further competitive pressure on non-discretionary spend as consumers become                           account any mitigating actions as detailed above
  increasingly price sensitive.
                                                                                                                        Whilst each of the risks on pages 40 – 47 has a potential impact and has been considered as part of the
• Climate change considerations. The Group’s most recent corporate planning processes include assumed
                                                                                                                        assessment, only those that represent severe but plausible scenarios were selected for modelling through the
  cash flows to address climate change risks. These include costs associated with Plan for Better commitments
                                                                                                                        corporate plan.
  to reduce environmental impacts and meet customer expectations in this area, notably through sustainability
  initiatives such as reducing packaging and reducing energy usage across the estate. The impact of packaging           In performing the below analysis, the Directors have made certain assumptions around the availability and
  fees regulations has been included in the Group’s corporate plan.                                                     effectiveness of the mitigating actions available to the Group.
• The Group’s financial position. The Group has continued to generate strong free cash flow. The committed              The scenarios on the next page are hypothetical and severe for the purpose of creating outcomes that have the
  Revolving Credit Facility, which enables the Group to maintain sufficient levels of contingent funding, has           ability to threaten the viability of the Group. However, multiple control measures are in place to prevent and
  two £500 million facilities. Facility A has a maturity of December 2029 and Facility B has a maturity of              mitigate any such occurrences from taking place.
  December 2028. As at 28 February 2026, the Revolving Credit Facility was undrawn. The Group manages its
  financing by diversifying funding sources, for example through the investment grade corporate bond                    The modelling has shown that the business is able to withstand a combination of all of the scenarios and still
  markets and structuring core borrowings with phased maturities to manage refinancing risk, evidenced by               maintain funding headroom throughout the first two years of the plan period. In the final year, headroom is
  the issuance in 2024/25 of £550 million of investment grade corporate bonds. The bonds were split into two            eroded on an isolated occasion at the end of the review period when all scenarios are modelled in combination
  tranches, a £250 million tranche maturing in June 2030 and a £300 million tranche maturing in January 2035            prior to any mitigating actions by management. However, management does have significant controllable
  and remain in issuance. In addition, the Group has in place an inflation-linked amortising loan with a                mitigating actions available as detailed above with which to respond to ensure that the Group maintains
  principal of £378 million outstanding as at 28 February 2026 and a final repayment date of April 2031.                sufficient headroom and remains viable.
49     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                             Strategic Report   Governance Report      Financial Statements


Statement of viability continued

All scenarios modelled and their link to the Group’s principal risks and uncertainties are detailed below:
 Scenario modelled                                                                                                                                                                                     Link to principal risk

 Scenario 1 - Recessionary scenario                                                                                                                                                                    • Trading environment and
                                                                                                                                                                                                         customer expectations
 With sustained macroeconomic pressures, consumers continue to experience elevated levels of inflation and high interest rates. External forecasts indicate that this could continue,
 particularly given recent escalation in geopolitical pressures. This has the potential to impact consumer confidence and disposable incomes, contributing to a reduction in consumer spend
 on discretionary items across our general merchandise and clothing business and downtrading in food.

 Assumptions:
 • Sales – volume losses more severe than the 2008 recession phasing have been applied to forecast sales.

 Scenario 2 - Data and legal breaches and regulatory changes                                                                                                                                           • Data security
 Cyber incidents suffered by competitors within the retail industry have caused significant operational disruption. It is plausible that the Group could suffer a similar incident requiring           • Product safety and sourcing
 additional and rapid expenditure to maintain operations as best as possible while simultaneously suffering a sales decline due to impacted operations.                                                • Political and regulatory
                                                                                                                                                                                                         environment
 Further, the impact of any regulatory fines has been considered. Examples considered include the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) fine for data breaches and fines levied by the
                                                                                                                                                                                                       • Business continuity,
 Groceries Supply Code of Practice (GSCOP).
                                                                                                                                                                                                         operational resilience and
 Assumptions:                                                                                                                                                                                            major incidence response
 • Sales – volume losses due to implementation of a major incidence response plan resulting from a cyber attack
 • Costs – amount paid for regulatory fines

 Scenario 3 - Failure to deliver sustainable cost savings                                                                                                                                              • Business strategy
                                                                                                                                                                                                         and change
 We considered delays in delivering the Save and invest to win programme and delivering further savings beyond the current strategy cycle, modelling impacts of c. £100 million in the first
 two years of the assessment period and c. £200 million in the final year.

 Assumptions:
 • Costs – additional costs as result of failure to deliver cost savings

 Scenario - Reverse stress test
 In addition to the severe but plausible scenario modelling detailed above, the incremental level of forecast sales decline required before the Group fully utilises its available funding and mitigations, or breaching its financial
 covenants, was considered. The required reduction was considered extreme and implausible.


Taking into account the Group’s current prospects and principal risks and uncertainties, the Directors confirm that they have a reasonable expectation that the Group will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities
as they fall due over the three years to February 2029.
The impact of geopolitical events was considered, specifically the conflict in the Middle East which has escalated subsequent to the Group’s balance sheet date. The Group has an incident response team in place which monitors
the situation and performs scenario modelling. Severe operational impacts are considered unlikely due to limited sourcing from the region, our use of hedging and the Group’s ability to prioritise fuel for our own operations.
Therefore, the primary impact of the conflict is expected to be increased oil price leading to potentially inflated logistic and supply chain costs. Inflationary pressures are already modelled in Scenario 1 documented above and at
a higher level than the current expected impact of this conflict. Thus it was concluded that the impact of conflict in the Middle East does not impact the conclusions reached over going concern and viability.

4. Going concern
As a consequence of the work performed to support the viability statement above, the Directors also considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements which are shown on pages 125 to
202.
50    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                     Strategic Report      Governance Report   Financial Statements


Non-financial and sustainability information statement

In the following pages, we present information relating                                                                                            These reflect our commitment to and management of environmental
                                                                                                                                                   and social matters (as listed in the requirements) and how these impact
to the non-financial reporting requirements contained in                                                                                           our business and key stakeholders.

sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006.                                                                                                      All our public policies, reports and standards are available at
                                                                                                                                                         https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/




 Our commitment                            Our approach                                                                                             Where to find more information and outcomes


 Colleagues                                We want to be a place where people love to work and shop. This means being an inclusive
                                           employer where colleagues are treated fairly and with respect and encouraged to develop and
                                                                                                                                                    •
                                                                                                                                                    •
                                                                                                                                                        Chair’s letter on page 4
                                                                                                                                                        Plan for Better report on page 30
                                           fulfil their potential. Colleague wellbeing and safety is a priority. We are committed to doing all      •   Our people and culture on page 20
                                           that we can to support our colleagues and have continued to make significant investments in pay.
                                                                                                                                                    •   Engaging with our stakeholders on page 24
                                                                                                                                                    •   Section 172 statement on page 64
                                                                                                                                                    •   Operational KPIs on page 18
                                                                                                                                                    •   Nomination and Governance Committee report on page 67
                                                                                                                                                    •   Annual statement from the Remuneration Committee Chair on page 81
                                                                                                                                                    •   Gender and Ethnicity Pay Reports on corporate.sainsburys.co.uk

 Environment                               Our sustainability plan, Plan for Better, is integrated across our business to ensure that we achieve
                                           our sustainability goals. Our Better for the planet pillar includes our environmental targets,
                                                                                                                                                    •
                                                                                                                                                    •
                                                                                                                                                        Plan for Better report on page 30
                                                                                                                                                        Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures on page 104
                                           ambitions and priority areas of focus. Progress against these targets is described in this Annual        •   Engaging with our stakeholders on page 24
                                           Report and Accounts and in our standalone Plan for Better Report.
                                                                                                                                                    •   Section 172 statement on page 64
                                                                                                                                                    •   Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee Report on page 71
                                                                                                                                                    •   Updated Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting on page 121
                                                                                                                                                           Further information, including the following disclosures and policies, can be found at
                                                                                                                                                            https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/sustainability


 Climate-related                           We have embedded the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
                                           Disclosures (TCFD) within our Plan for Better to strengthen our climate resilience. Climate-related
                                                                                                                                                    • Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures on page 104

 Financial                                 Financial Disclosures (CFD), in accordance with Companies (Strategic Report) (Climate-related
 Disclosures                               Financial Disclosure) Regulations 2022 are included within our TCFD report.


 Community                                 We have a long history of building partnerships and delivering great impact in our communities,
                                           locally and internationally. Our business relies on strong, resilient communities and we’re
                                                                                                                                                    •
                                                                                                                                                    •
                                                                                                                                                        Chair’s letter on page 4
                                                                                                                                                        Plan for Better report on page 30
                                           committed to supporting social cohesion, economic prosperity and inclusive growth. We have               •   Engaging with our stakeholders on page 24
                                           presence in thousands of communities across the UK and our Better for everyone pillar aims to
                                                                                                                                                    •   Section 172 statement on page 64
                                           help positively impact those in need through fundraising, volunteering, donations and raising
                                                                                                                                                    •   Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee report on page 71
                                           awareness.
                                                                                                                                                    •   Groceries Supply Code of Practice
                                           Alongside our community investment, we make positive economic contributions through our                  •   Policy on Whistleblowing
                                           responsible approach to tax. We contributed approximately £2.5 billion in cash taxes borne and
                                           collected this year.                                                                                            Further information can be found at
                                                                                                                                                            https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/Addressing-food-poverty
51     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                    Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Non-financial and sustainability information statement continued

 Our commitment                  Our approach                                                                                           Where to find more information and outcomes


 Human rights                    At Sainsbury’s, we fully recognise our responsibility as a company to respect and protect human
                                 rights throughout all our operations. We have a long history of setting high standards and working
                                                                                                                                        •
                                                                                                                                        •
                                                                                                                                            Chair’s letter on page 4
                                                                                                                                            Plan for Better report on page 30
                                 collaboratively with our suppliers to ensure they are met, and we work hard to embed respect for       •   Engaging with our stakeholders on page 24
                                 human rights and ethical practices throughout our business.
                                                                                                                                        •   Section 172 statement on page 64
                                 We are committed to respecting human rights across our value chain to ensure the people who            •   Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee report on page 71
                                 make or grow our products are not being exploited or exposed to unsafe working conditions. We          •   Modern Slavery Statement
                                 also ensure that our business’s transition to net zero is just and equitable for the communities we    •   Policy on Ethical Sourcing
                                 source from. We have identified and prioritised our key human rights risks and set ambitious
                                                                                                                                        •   Policy on Human Rights
                                 commitments to drive forward progress in these priority areas: forced labour, sustainable
                                 livelihoods, safe and healthy working environments, discrimination and grievance mechanisms.           •   Policy on Whistleblowing
                                 Through our due diligence processes, we seek to identify, prevent and, where needed, mitigate          •   Policy on Home Work
                                 and remediate adverse human rights risks that are linked to our operations, products or services.      •   Policy on Prison Labour
                                                                                                                                              Further information can be found at
                                                                                                                                               https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/Championing-human-rights


 Anti-bribery                    Our values form the framework which guides the behaviours of all colleagues and suppliers across the
                                 business. We expect all our colleagues, contractors and suppliers to act with honesty and integrity
                                                                                                                                        •
                                                                                                                                        •
                                                                                                                                            Audit Committee report on page 73
                                                                                                                                            Compliance with the Grocery Supply Code of Practice on page 120
 and                             and never to engage in any activity which could be considered as accepting or giving a bribe.          •   Policy on Anti-Bribery and Corruption
 corruption                      Our Policy on Anti-Bribery and Corruption provides guidance and expectations on our colleagues’        •   Policy on Whistleblowing
                                 responsibilities and behaviour, and our expectations to prevent bribery and fraud. We have a
                                 Disciplinary and Appeals Policy to help encourage everyone to maintain our rules and standards
                                 of conduct, attendance, capability and performance.
                                 Our Policy on Whistleblowing covers how to report wrongdoing when honesty and integrity
                                 are compromised.

 Other                           Other information to support this statement can be found on the following pages:                       •
                                                                                                                                        •
                                                                                                                                            Business model on page 6
                                                                                                                                            Strategy overview on page 12
 information                                                                                                                            •   Operational KPIs on page 18
                                                                                                                                        •   Principal risks and uncertainties on page 40
                                                                                                                                        •   Statement of viability on page 48
                                                                                                                                        •   Governance framework on page 59
                                                                                                                                        •   Audit Committee report on page 73




The Strategic Report was approved by the Board of Directors and signed on its behalf by:




Bláthnaid Bergin
Chief Financial Officer
22 April 2026
52    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026            Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements




Governance Report
53 Introduction to the governance report
54 Governance at a glance
56	J Sainsbury plc – Board of Directors
58 Board roles and responsibilities
59	Governance framework
61	Board leadership and Company purpose
64 Section 172 statement
65	Board stakeholder engagement
66	Board effectiveness review
67	Nomination and Governance Committee report
71	Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee report
73	Audit Committee report
81	Annual statement from the Remuneration Committee Chair
83 Summary of 2025/26 remuneration
84 Summary of 2026/27 remuneration
85 Remuneration in context
87	Remuneration Policy
94	Annual report on remuneration
104 Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
    (TCFD)
116 Climate Transition Plan within the TCFD section
120 Directors’ report
53      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                             Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Introduction to the governance report


A thriving Sainsbury’s                                                Dear Shareholder
                                                                      Purpose, culture and strategy
                                                                                                                                  measures the Group has implemented in response
                                                                                                                                  to an evolving threat landscape. Further detail is
                                                                                                                                  provided in the Audit Committee report and principal


is good for the UK
                                                                      Over the year, the Board has continued to oversee the       risks and uncertainties section of this Annual Report.
                                                                      disciplined execution of the Next Level Sainsbury’s
                                                                      strategy. In doing so, we have remained focused on          Board effectiveness
                                                                      the areas that matter most to the long‑term success         As Chair, I am responsible for ensuring that the Board
                                                                      of our business, including our customer proposition,        remains effective, well balanced and appropriately
                                                                      engagement with our colleagues, operational resilience      skilled. I am pleased to report that an externally
                                                                      and financial discipline. Significant strides have been     facilitated review of the Board and its Committees
                                                                      made to develop a distinctive and high impact               confirmed that we have a high calibre and effective
Two years into our Next Level                                         sustainability agenda, which underpins our strategy.        Board, operating in line with first‑class corporate
                                                                                                                                  governance. The findings from this review are
                                                                      This has delivered meaningful outcomes across
Sainsbury’s strategy, we                                              carbon reduction, responsible sourcing and health           informing our ongoing focus on strategy, Board
                                                                                                                                  performance and succession planning.
are proud of how we have                                              and nutrition.
                                                                      The Board is clear that consistent performance at
delivered for our customers,                                          Sainsbury’s is supported by clear accountability,
                                                                                                                                  Remuneration Policy
                                                                      effective controls and a strong culture. We monitor         As part of our normal three-year cycle, the Directors’
colleagues, suppliers and                                             culture and behaviours across Sainsbury’s through our       Remuneration Policy is being put to shareholders for
                                                                                                                                  approval at this year’s Annual General Meeting. The
shareholders. With continued                                          colleague engagement surveys, structured listening
                                                                      forums and direct engagement with our colleagues.           Board and the Remuneration Committee have reviewed
                                                                                                                                  the policy to ensure it continues to support the delivery
outperformance in our food                                            The Board discusses culture regularly and considers
                                                                      these insights when making decisions and providing          of Sainsbury’s strategy, aligns executive reward with

business, more customers                                              oversight of management.                                    long-term performance and the experience of our
                                                                                                                                  colleagues, and reflects the views of shareholders
are shopping more of our                                              Corporate governance and                                    and wider stakeholders. Further detail on the policy
                                                                                                                                  and the Committee’s approach is set out in the
offer, more frequently and                                            risk oversight                                              remuneration section of this report.
                                                                      Effective governance underpins the delivery of our
in more locations.                                                    strategy and our long‑term performance. The Board’s         Year ahead
                                                                      role is to provide clear oversight, maintain high           As we go into 2026/27, the Board remains focused
Martin Scicluna                                                       standards of governance and ensure that the Group           on effective oversight of strategy delivery, risk and
Chair                                                                 remains resilient, well managed and focused on              resilience at Sainsbury’s, while continuing to engage
                                                                      delivering sustainable value.                               constructively with shareholders and other stakeholders.
                                                                      During the year, we continued to review and update          I would like to thank my fellow Board members for
                                                                      our governance framework to ensure it aligns with           their commitment and contribution during the year,
                                                                      the principles of the UK Corporate Governance Code          including those who have stepped down and those
                                                                      2024. The updated framework has now been                    who have joined the Board.
                                                                      implemented and reinforces our commitment to
                                                                      maintaining high standards of governance and
                                                                      oversight across Sainsbury’s.
                                                                      The Board, supported by the Audit Committee,
                                                                      maintains close oversight of our risk management
                                                                      framework and material controls. The Board received         Martin Scicluna
                                                                      updates from the Audit Committee Chair which                Chair
                                                                      included insight into cyber risks and the mitigation
54    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                       Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Governance at a glance

Our governance helps the Board make clear decisions, challenge effectively and keep a close link between
our purpose, culture and strategy. During the year, the Board focused on keeping our customer offer strong
while managing inflationary pressures and making disciplined choices on capital allocation and returns to
shareholders, whilst continuing to deliver for our colleagues and suppliers.
 Our year

 Key Board                                      UK Corporate Governance Code 2024
 decisions                                      The Board considers that the Company has applied the
                                                principles and complied with the provisions of the UK Corporate
 • Approved capital allocation
                                                Governance Code 2024 during the year.
   decisions to return over £800
   million net proceeds to                      Further information on how the Board has applied the principles
   shareholders through a                       of the Code, and how the provisions have been complied with, is
   progressive dividend, a £250                 set out in the Governance Report.
   million share buyback and a
                                                Where to find more:
   special dividend from the exit of
   banking operations                                Board leadership and purpose on page 61
 • Approved an above inflation
   investment in colleague hourly                    Board composition and succession on pages 55 to 59 and 67 to 68
   pay                                               Audit, risk and internal control on pages 40 to 47 and 73 to 80
 • Renewed the £5 billion Euro
   Medium Term Note (EMTN)                           Remuneration on pages 81 to 103
   Programme which provides a
   platform for accessing the public
   bond markets
 • Explored the potential sale of               Highlights
   Argos to JD.com and made the
   decision to end the negotiation,             24.8p                                 £5bn
   in the interest of our                       per share paid to shareholders        EMTN programme renewed
   shareholders, colleagues and                 in 2025/26 including 11.0p as a
   broader stakeholders                                                                     Read more on page 54
                                                special dividend
 • Approved accelerated investment
   in Nectar360 as part of the
   Loyalty Everyone Loves
                                                     Read more on page 37
                                                                                      2
   strategic pillar
 • Approved roll out of Your Nectar
                                                over £800m                            Non-Executive Directors
                                                                                      onboarded
                                                returned to shareholders
   Prices across all shopping channels                                                      Read more on page 68
                                                     Read more on page 4
55        J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report      Governance Report          Financial Statements


Governance at a glance continued

                                                                                                                                                           Board and Committee attendance
 Our Board
                                                                                                                                                           (scheduled meetings)
                                                                                                                                                           The Board and Committees were well attended throughout the year.
What we bring to the Board                                                                                                                                                                  Board               Audit               CR&S          Nom & Gov   Remuneration

The Board benefits from a wide range of backgrounds and strengths. The charts on this                                                                      Martin Sciclunaa)                  9/9                  –                 3/3                1/1                  –
                                                                                                                                                           Bláthnaid Bergin                   9/9                  –                   –                  –                  –
page provide an overview of the Board members’ specific skills, experience and diversity.
                                                                                                                                                           Jo Bertram                         9/9                  –                 3/3                2/2                  –
                                                                                                                                                           Katie Bickerstaffeb)               4/5 b)               –                 1/1 b)               –                  –
       Read more on pages 56 to 57                                                                                                                         Steve Harec)                       5/5                2/2 c)                –                  –                  –
                                                                                                                                                           Brian Cassind)                     4/4                2/2 d)                –                1/1                  –
                                                                                                                                                           Jo Harlow                          9/9                  –                 3/3                2/2                2/2
                                                                                                                                                           Adrian Hennah                      9/9                4/4                   –                2/2                2/2
     Board composition                                                                                                                                     Tanuj Kapilashramie)               8/9                  –                   –                1/2                2/2
                                                                                                                                                           Simon Roberts                      9/9                  –                 3/3                  –                  –
     Board gender diversity                                                    Board ethnic diversity                                                      Keith Weed                         9/9                4/4                 3/3                2/2                  –
      Men        Women                                                           White      Ethnically diverse       Not specified/ prefer not to say
                                                                                                                                                           Attendance disclosure: Attendance figures show the number of meetings attended during the financial
                                                                                                                                                           year out of the total number of scheduled meetings that the Director was eligible to attend. Only
                                                                                                                                    1
                                                                                                                                                           formally scheduled meetings of the Board and its Committees are included. Strategy days, Board calls
                                                                                    3                                                                      and meetings outside the reporting period are excluded.
                                                                                                                                                           a) Martin recused himself from the January 2026 Nomination and Governance Committee meeting.
                                            4
                                                                                                                                                           b) Katie Bickerstaffe joined the Board in July 2025. Katie was unable to attend the December Board meeting
      5    As at 28 February 2026   5                 As at 1 March 2025               As at 28 February 2026                     As at 1 March 2025
                                                                                                                                                              due to prior business commitments.
                                                                                                                 6                                         c) Steve Hare joined the Board in July 2025.
                                                                           5       1                                                                       d) Brian Cassin resigned from the Board in July 2025.
                                                                                                                                                       8   e) Tanuj Kapilashrami was unable to attend the December Board meeting due to prior business commitments.

                                                                                                                                                           Board skills matrix as at 22 April 2026
                                                                                                                                                           During the year, the Board continued to strengthen its capability in digital and data,
                                                                                                                                                           supported by targeted training and external briefings.
     Board balance                                                             Board tenure (Non-Executive Directors and Chair)                                                                             Number of Directors
                                                                                                                                                           Skills                                                                   As a top 5 skill          As a skill
      Non-Executive Directors       Executive Directors                          0-3 years       4-6 years   7-9 years                                                                                       with this as a skill
                                                                                                                                                           Corporate transactions                                    7                        3                   4
                                                                                                                                                           Sustainability                                            8                        3                   5
             2                                   2                                                                                                         Ecommerce/technology                                      8                        3                   5
                                                                                    25%
                                                                                                                                                           Operations/general retailing experience                   6                        2                   4
                                                                                                             37.5%                                         Risk management/internal audit                            9                        6                   3
                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration                                              7                        4                   3
           As at 28 February 2026                    As at 1 March 2025
                                                                                                                                                           Finance/accounting/audit                                  7                        4                   3
                                                                                                                                                           Financial Services                                        4                        4                   0
                                                                           7                                                                               Consumer/customer services                                7                        5                   2
                              8
                                                                                         37.5%                                                             HR/people                                                 9                        7                   2
                                                                                                                                                           Current or recent CEO experience                          5                        3                   2
                                                                                                                                                           Brand/marketing                                           7                        1                   6
                                                                                                                                                           Digital/online                                            6                        2                   4
                                                                                                                                                           Strategy development/implementation                       10                       9                   1
                                                                                                                                                           AI/cyber security                                         5                        1                   4
56      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                      Strategic Report      Governance Report      Financial Statements


Board of Directors




Martin Scicluna                                   Simon Roberts                                    Bláthnaid Bergin                                   Jo Bertram                                            Katie Bickerstaffe
Chair                                             Chief Executive                                  Chief Financial Officer                            Non-Executive Director                                Non-Executive Director
C N                                                C                                                                                                  C N                                                    C N
Date appointed:                                   Date appointed:                                  Date appointed:                                    Date appointed:                                       Date appointed:
November 2018 (Chair from March 2019)             June 2020                                        March 2023                                         July 2022                                             3 July 2025
Key competencies: Martin brings a wealth of       Key competencies: Simon has over 35 years’       Key competencies: Bláthnaid brings strong          Key competencies: Jo is a highly talented             Key competencies: Katie is a highly regarded
experience from over 30 years’ service as an      retail sector experience, having started his     financial leadership and international             strategic business leader with significant            retail and consumer business leader, bringing
executive and non-executive board director at     career on the shop floor. Since joining          experience to the Board. She supports the          experience leading transformation and change.         strong perspectives on digital business models
a wide range of companies. Martin has             Sainsbury’s in 2017 as Retail & Operations       development and execution of the Group’s           Jo has worked in growing hi-tech sectors, which       and transformation programmes. Katie’s
extensive experience as a Chair. He brings        Director, Simon has championed a people-first,   strategy through disciplined capital allocation,   benefits our customers as we explore new ways         strong perspectives on digital transformation
valuable knowledge and skills in developing       purpose-driven approach, placing colleagues,     robust financial control and effective risk        to use digital solutions to make shopping easy        will greatly contribute to our strategic
strategy and evaluating business                  customers, and communities at the heart of       management. Her background in complex,             and convenient.                                       direction.
opportunities, along with understanding of the    the business. A passionate advocate for UK       global organisations and her audit committee
financial services sector and how it operates.    farmers and suppliers, Simon is focused on       experience enhance the Board’s oversight of        External appointments:                                External appointments:
As Chair, Martin has a deep understanding of      creating long term partnerships with the         financial performance, reporting and investor                                                            • Non-Executive Director of Aberdeen Group plc
                                                                                                                                                      • CEO, O2 Daisy
governance and what is needed to lead an          people who make our food. Under Simon’s          engagement. Bláthnaid’s background includes                                                              • Non-Executive Director of Barratt Redrow plc
                                                                                                                                                      • Director of O2 Daisy subsidiary companies
effective Board.                                  leadership, Sainsbury’s has also doubled down    significant experience in financial services,                                                            • Non-Executive Director and Senior
                                                  on its commitment to tackling food poverty       audit and internal control, supporting             Previous roles:                                         Independent Director of Diploma plc
External appointments: None.                                                                                                                          • Managing Director, Business & Wholesale,
                                                  through impactful partnerships with charities    disciplined risk management and high quality                                                             Previous roles:
Previous roles:                                   including Comic Relief and Fareshare.            financial reporting in complex organisations.        Virgin Media O2
                                                                                                                                                                                                            • Co-CEO of Marks and Spencer Group plc
• Chairman, RSA Insurance Group plc                                                                                                                   • Senior leadership roles, O2
                                                  External appointments:                           External appointments: Non-Executive                                                                     • Executive Chair and CEO Designate at SSE
• Chairman, Great Portland Estates plc                                                                                                                • Regional General Manager, Northern
                                                                                                   Director of Haleon plc.                                                                                  • CEO, UK & Ireland at Dixons Carphone
• Senior Independent Director and Chair of        • President of IGD                                                                                    Europe, Uber
                                                                                                   Previous roles:                                                                                          • Various senior roles at Somerfield Stores
  the Audit Committee, Worldpay Inc.              • Member of the Government’s Food Strategy                                                          • Various roles at McKinsey & Company
                                                                                                   • Senior finance leadership roles,                                                                         group, Dyson, PepsiCo and Unilever
• Non-Executive Director and Chair of the           Advisory Board                                                                                      and Accenture
                                                                                                     Aviva and RSA                                                                                          Tenure: Less than one year
  Audit Committee, Lloyds Banking Group plc,      • Advisory Board Member of Diversity                                                                Tenure: 1-3 years
                                                                                                   • Senior finance roles, GE (working across
• Chairman, Deloitte LLP                            in Retail
                                                                                                     Europe, Asia and Australia)
• Partner, Deloitte LLP                           • Member of the Government’s Retail
                                                                                                   • Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Audit
                                                    Sector Council
Tenure: 7–9 years                                                                                    Committee and Senior Independent Director
                                                  Previous roles:                                    for Artemis Alpha Investment Trust
                                                  • Executive Vice President, Walgreens
                                                                                                   Tenure: 1–3 years
                                                    Boots Alliance
                                                  • President, Boots UK and Ireland
                                                  • Chair, Institute of Customer Service
                                                  Tenure: 4–6 years                                                                                                                                              More information about the skills,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  experience and competencies of our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Board and Operating Board can be found
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  at https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/

Key to Committee members
A Audit Committee       C Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee    N Nomination and Governance Committee       R Remuneration Committee          Denotes Chair of Committee                 Tenures are as at 28 February 2026
57      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                               Strategic Report      Governance Report      Financial Statements


Board of Directors continued




Steve Hare                                 Jo Harlow                                   Adrian Hennah                                Tanuj Kapilashrami                        Keith Weed CBE                                Nick Grant
Non-Executive Director                     Non-Executive Director                      Senior Independent Director                  Non-Executive Director                    Non-Executive Director                        General Counsel and
A N                                        C N R                                       (appointed 3 July 2025)                      N R                                       A C N                                         Company Secretary
                                                                                       A N R                                                                                                                                Date appointed:
Date appointed:                            Date appointed:                                                                          Date appointed:                           Date appointed:                               July 2024
3 July 2025                                September 2017                              Date appointed:                              July 2020                                 July 2020
                                                                                       April 2021                                                                                                                           Key competencies: Nick provides
Key competencies: Steve is a very          Key competencies: Jo brings a wealth of                                                  Key competencies: Tanuj is an             Key competencies: Keith is an                 legal and corporate governance advice
experienced leader of digital and tech     experience in consumer-facing               Key competencies: Adrian has                 international banker with significant     exceptionally capable marketing and           and support to the Board and
businesses. Steve built over 10 years’     businesses and the telecoms and             significant financial and strategic          experience in strategy, transformation,   digital leader. He has championed new         Committees and oversees secretarial
experience leading the finance             technology industries, both in the UK and   expertise from leading the performance       talent and change management, both        ways of integrating sustainability into       support for all legal entities within the
function for three listed UK               internationally. Jo has broad experience    and strategy of many large companies.        in the UK and globally. Tanuj is a        business and building brands with             Group. Prior to this appointment Nick
companies, Steve qualified as a            from executive and nonexecutive roles.      Adrian brings extensive financial and        valuable member of the Board as the       purpose. Keith plays an important role        was Director of Legal Services at
chartered accountant in 1985 with          Jo was previously Chair of the Corporate    leadership experience to Sainsbury’s         business continues to adapt and           in Sainsbury’s plan to become First           Sainsbury’s for eight years, leading a
Ernst & Whinney, now part of EY, and       Responsibility and Sustainability           gained from Chief Financial Officer          support its colleagues in a rapidly       choice for food and delivering on our         full-service in-house team of 40 legal
holds a bachelor of commerce degree        Committee and has helped the business       positions held in some of the UK’s largest   changing marketplace                      Plan for Better. He has an excellent          advisers and advising senior
from Liverpool University. Steve’s         deliver and evolve its sustainability       companies                                                                              understanding of both sustainability
                                                                                                                                    External appointments:                                                                  management on corporate
expertise in leading tech businesses       strategy.                                                                                                                          and digital, and the ways that
                                                                                       External appointments:                                                                                                               transactions, material litigation and
will greatly contribute to our strategic                                                                                            • Chief Strategy and Talent Officer       technology is transforming businesses
                                           External appointments:                                                                                                                                                           reputation management.
direction.                                                                             • Non-Executive Director of Oxford             of Standard Chartered Bank              External appointments:
                                           • Senior Independent Director and             Nanopore Technologies plc                  • Member of Standard Chartered
External appointments: CEO of Sage                                                                                                                                            • Non-Executive Director of WPP plc
Group plc
                                             Chair of the Remuneration
                                             Committee of Halma plc
                                                                                       • Non-Executive Director of Unilever plc       Foundation Board of Trustees            • Independent Non-Executive                   Changes in the year
                                                                                       • Trustee of Our Future Health               • Member of the Asia House Board            Director of i-Genie
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Brian Cassin
Previous roles:                            • Senior Independent Director and                                                          of Trustees
• Operating Partner and Co Head of                                                     Previous roles:                                                                        • Trustee Director of Business in
                                             member of the Remuneration and                                                         • Director of Mindbeat Global Limited
  the Portfolio Support Group,                                                         • Non-Executive Director and Chair of                                                    the Community
                                             Nominations Committees at                                                                                                                                                      Brian retired from the Board at
  Apax Partners                              Centrica plc                                the Audit Committee, RELX plc,             Previous roles:                           • Trustee Director of the                     the 2025 AGM
                                                                                       • Chief Financial Officer, Reckitt           • Director, Financial Services Skills       Leverhulme Trust
• Chief Financial Officer, Invensys plc    • Director of Chapter Zero
                                                                                         Benckiser plc                                Commission Limited                      • President of the Royal                      A N until July 2025
• Group Finance Director, Spectris plc     Previous roles:
                                                                                       • Chief Financial Officer, Smith &           • Chief Human Resources Officer,            Horticultural Society
• Chief Financial Officer, Marconi plc     • Non-Executive Director and Chair of                                                      Standard Chartered                                                                    Date appointed:
                                                                                         Nephew plc                                                                           • Trustee of Grange Park Opera
Tenure: Less than one year                   the Remuneration Committee,                                                                                                                                                    April 2016 (Senior Independent
                                                                                       • Chief Financial Officer, Invensys plc      • Senior HR leadership roles across
                                             InterContinental Hotels Group plc                                                                                                Previous roles:                               Director from July 2022 to July 2025)
                                                                                       • Finance and operations roles,                global and regional markets, HSBC
                                           • Corporate Vice President, Phones                                                                                                 • Chief Marketing and
                                                                                         GlaxoSmithKline                            • Board member of Vault22                   Communications Officer,                     Key competencies: Brian
                                             Business Unit, Microsoft Corporation                                                                                                                                           contributed significant experience of
                                                                                       • Audit and consultancy roles, PwC           • Associate Non-Executive Director          Unilever plc
                                           • Executive Vice President, Smart                                                                                                                                                running a FTSE 100 company,
                                                                                         and Stadtsparkasse Köln                      of the Board of NHS England             • Senior leadership roles across
                                             Devices, Nokia                                                                                                                                                                 alongside deep expertise in data,
                                                                                       Tenure: 4–6 years                            Tenure: 4–6 years                           multiple businesses, Unilever plc
                                           • Senior management roles, Nokia                                                                                                                                                 analytics and regulated markets. He
                                                                                                                                                                              • Leadership of the global                    provided strong independent
                                           • Marketing, sales and management
                                                                                                                                                                                sustainability programme,                   challenge and counsel during
                                             roles, Reebok International Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                Unilever plc                                his nine-year tenure.
                                             and Procter & Gamble
                                                                                                                                                                              Tenure: 4–6 years
                                           Tenure: 7–9 years
58     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                         Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Board roles and responsibilities

The Board comprises the Chair, two Executive Directors and seven independent Non-Executive Directors, supported by the Company Secretary. The respective roles of the Chair and the Chief Executive are set out in writing
and agreed by the Board. Our Board and Committee meetings were held in person and remotely during the year, enabling agile and effective decision-making. Between meetings, the Chair also held regular calls with the
Non-Executive Directors. Members of the Operating Board, management teams and other colleagues attended Board meetings to enable improved Board dialogue, review performance, discuss progress and agree key priorities
for the short, medium and longer term. In addition to scheduled meetings, during the year, the Chair and Non‑Executive Directors met without the Executive Directors present, and the Senior Independent Director met with
the Non‑Executive Directors without the Chair or Executive Directors present. Further details of the specific skills and experience of the Board are set out on pages 55 to 57. The Board is supported by the Company Secretary.


                                                                                                                                                                Independent
                                                                                    Chief Financial                  Senior Independent
               Chair                            Chief Executive                                                                                                Non-Executive                      Company Secretary
                                                                                        Officer                           Director
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors
 Martin Scicluna                          Simon Roberts                       Bláthnaid Bergin                     Adrian Hennah (appointed              Jo Bertram                            Nick Grant
                                                                                                                   3 July 2025)                          Jo Harlow
 As Chair, Martin is responsible for      As Chief Executive, Simon is        As Chief Financial Officer,                                                                                      As Company Secretary, Nick
                                                                                                                   Brian Cassin (retired 3 July 2025)    Adrian Hennah
 leading the Board and ensuring           responsible for the day-to-day      Bláthnaid supports Simon in                                                                                      advises the Board and the Chair
                                                                                                                                                         Tanuj Kapilashrami
 its overall effectiveness. This          management of the business          developing and delivering the        As Senior Independent Director,                                             on governance matters and
                                                                                                                                                         Keith Weed CBE
 includes promoting high                  and for leading the delivery of     Group’s strategy and is              Adrian acts as a sounding board                                             supports the effective operation
                                                                                                                                                         Katie Bickerstaffe (appointed
 standards of corporate                   the strategy approved by the        responsible for the Group’s          for Martin and is available to                                              of the Board. This includes
                                                                                                                                                         3 July 2025),
 governance, encouraging open             Board. This includes proposing      financial management                 engage with shareholders where                                              ensuring that Board procedures
                                                                                                                                                         Steve Hare (appointed 3 July 2025)
 and constructive debate and              strategy and business plans,        and performance.                     required. The Senior Independent                                            are followed, the governance
 ensuring that the views of               leading and motivating senior                                            Director also leads the annual        The independent Non-Executive         framework remains effective and
                                                                              This includes oversight of
 shareholders and other key               management and ensuring the                                              appraisal of the Chair.               Directors bring external              Directors receive accurate, timely
                                                                              financial policies and practices,
 stakeholders are understood              effective implementation of                                                                                    perspective, independence and         and clear information.
                                                                              risk management and key
 by the Board.                            Board decisions.                                                                                               constructive challenge to Board
                                                                              financial functions, including
                                                                                                                                                         discussions. They support the
 The Chair also oversees the              As Chief Executive, Simon is also   Pensions, Tax, Treasury and
                                                                                                                                                         Executive Directors while holding
 annual evaluation of the                 responsible for maintaining the     Internal Controls.
                                                                                                                                                         them to account and monitor
 performance of the Board, its            effectiveness of the Group’s risk
                                                                                                                                                         delivery of the agreed strategy
 Committees and individual                management and internal
                                                                                                                                                         within the risk framework set by
 Directors and ensures that the           control framework.
                                                                                                                                                         the Board.
 outcomes are acted upon.
59       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Governance framework

Our governance framework supports the Board in promoting the long‑term success of J Sainsbury plc
It is designed to ensure clear accountability, effective decision‑making and strong oversight, while enabling the business to deliver its strategy in line with our purpose, culture and values. The framework reflects the principles
of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2024 and supports the Board in meeting its governance responsibilities.
Through this framework, the Board seeks to balance effective oversight with appropriate delegation. This enables the Board to focus on the most important issues facing the Group, while allowing management to operate with clarity
and accountability. The framework underpins the governance disclosures in this Annual Report and is kept under review to ensure it continues to reflect best practice and the evolving needs of the business.


                                                                                                                    Board of Directors
 The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group. It sets strategy, oversees performance and risk, and ensures that the interests of shareholders and wider stakeholders are taken into account in
 decision‑making. The Board and its Committees operate to a forward programme of meetings, ensuring sufficient time is allocated to key matters and that Board time is used effectively. Agendas remain flexible so that
 emerging issues can be considered at the appropriate time.
 The Board is accountable for risk management, strategy and target setting of our principal environmental risk, including climate-related matters. The Board monitors how we are responding to climate-related risks and
 opportunities, identified through the risk management process and scenario analysis. The Board also oversees our Plan for Better strategy, which includes climate-related matters and is responsible for setting targets and
 monitoring progress against our climate-related metrics.
 The Board has adopted a formal schedule of matters reserved for its attention. It is reviewed annually to ensure it remains appropriate and effective. This can be viewed on our corporate website: https://corporate.
 sainsburys.co.uk/investors/corporate-governance.


                                                                                                                    Board Committees
     The Board is supported by a number of committees, each with clearly defined roles and responsibilities. The Board has delegated specific responsibilities to its Committees, each of which operates under agreed Terms of
     Reference. The Committee Chairs provide regular updates to the Board on Committee meetings and activities. Whilst the committees have authority to consider specific matters in detail, responsibility for decisions
     remains with the Board as a whole.



                                                                          Corporate Responsibility and
                             Audit                                                                                                          Nomination and Governance                                            Remuneration
                  Chair: Adrian Hennah
                                                                                 Sustainability                                                   Chair: Martin Scicluna                                         Chair: Jo Harlow
                                                                                      Chair: Keith Weed

 Supports the Board in overseeing the integrity of the              Supports the Board in overseeing the Group’s                      Supports the Board on matters relating to Board          Supports the Board in setting remuneration policy
 Group’s financial reporting and metrics, including                 sustainability strategy, monitoring progress and                  composition, succession planning, evaluation and         and determining remuneration outcomes for
 climate-related metrics, the effectiveness of internal             performance against our targets and ambitions, as                 broader governance arrangements, helping to ensure       Executive Directors and senior management,
 controls and risk management, and the relationship                 well as the business’s engagement with stakeholders               the Board has the right balance of skills, experience    including sustainability targets. The remuneration
 with the external auditor.                                         on sustainability and corporate responsibility                    and independence.                                        policy is aligned with strategy, performance and
                                                                    matters.                                                                                                                   long‑term shareholder value.

The Board is kept informed of the work of its Committees through reports from Committee Chairs following each meeting. Non‑Committee members may attend Committee meetings where this supports Board oversight and
decision‑making. Where a Director is unable to attend a Board meeting, the Chair engages with the Director in advance to ensure their views are considered and provides an update on the outcomes.
       Further information on attendance is set out on page 55

       The principal role and responsibilities of each of the Committees and their respective terms of reference, which are reviewed annually,
       can be found on our corporate website at: https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/investors/corporate-governance/
60     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Governance framework continued


                                                                                                        Operating Board
The Operating Board is responsible for the day‑to‑day management of the Group and for implementing the strategy approved by the Board. This includes oversight of the sustainability strategy, adapting to new regulatory requirements
and trends and approving major investments, including capital allocation. Matters not reserved to the Board are delegated in accordance with the governance framework.
Simon Roberts                                                 Bláthnaid Bergin                                      Rhian Bartlett                                            Graham Biggart
Chief Executive                                               Chief Financial Officer                               Chief Commercial and Sustainability Officer               Managing Director Argos and Chief Strategy Officer
Tracey Clements                                               Patrick Dunne                                         Mark Given                                                      More details about our Operating Board members
Chief Retail, Logistics and Supply Chain Officer              Chief Property and Procurement Officer,               Chief Technology, Marketing and Data Officer                     can be found at: https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk
                                                              and MD Smart Charge


                                                                                              Operating Board Committees
     The Operating Board Committees support the work of the Operating Board through delegated powers, as outlined below. Members of senior management provide regular updates from these Committee meetings to the
                                                                                                   Operating Board.


             Business                                      Group Data                                     Group Safety                               Plan for Better                         Customer, Commercial and
       Performance Review                             Governance Committee                                 Committee                               Acceleration Squad                             Channels Forum
 • Monitors and reviews implementation of         • Oversees programmes that deliver           • Reviews the robustness of safety           • Leads operational execution of our            • Leads the development and execution
   the Group’s plans to meet budget targets,        compliance with Data Protection, Data        approaches and management systems            Plan for Better strategy                        of our customer, commercial and
   as set out by the Operating Board                Security and Payment Card Industry           throughout the business, including         • Oversees Plan for Better activities in          channel plans against our strategy
 • Monitors and reviews key transformation          data security standards                      food safety, product safety, colleague       relation to this strategy to ensure           • Manages the in-year operating
   deliverables and programmes                    • Oversees effective information               and customer safety                          delivery                                        performance of the retail business
 • Approves in-year capital expenditure             security and risk management               • Oversees standards for management          • Reviews climate-related risks and
 • Monitors business performance with               throughout the business                      and monitoring of colleague and              mitigations
   regards to customers, the market,              • Provides assurance, with the Chief           customer safety                            • Provides assurance to the Operating
   product proposition and perceptions of           Information Security Officer and           • Provides assurance, with the Director of     Board and Board Committees, with
   our brand                                        Director of Data Governance, to the          Safety and Insurance, to the Operating       cross-divisional representation at the
 • Monitors and reviews colleague                   Operating Board, Audit Committee and         Board, Audit Committee and Board             senior leadership level
   engagement                                       Board                                      • Reviews the Group’s safety
                                                                                                 performance and potential safety risks
                                                                                                 within the business



 Operating Board changes
 In September, Tracey Clements joined the Operating Board as Chief Retail, Logistics and Supply Chain Officer, Sainsbury’s a role that brought together, under one leader, Sainsbury’s Retail, Digital, Customer Experience,
 Supply Chain and Logistics.
 In addition, Mark Given became Chief Technology, Marketing and Data Officer to bring our Technology, data and insights and Nectar 360 Loyalty business together, and Rhian Bartlett become Chief Commercial and
 Sustainability Officer to fully integrate commercial and sustainability outcomes.
 To ensure Sainsbury’s and Argos have the focus they need to succeed, in May 2026, Graham Biggart’s role will change from Managing Director Argos and Chief Strategy Officer to being fully focused on leading Argos as
 Managing Director, with a dedicated leadership team.
61     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                    Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Board leadership and Company purpose

Our purpose is to make                                        • Supporting colleagues through a continued focus on
                                                                pay, safety, leadership capability and succession
                                                                                                                         Matters considered                                                Strategy update
good food joyful, accessible                                  • Ensuring that sustainability considerations,             by the Board
                                                                                                                                                                                           Next Level Sainsbury’s
and affordable for everyone,                                    including Plan for Better, were embedded within
                                                                core strategic and commercial decision-making            1. Strategy                                                       The Board structured its agenda to support
                                                                                                                         Outcome
every day. This underlines                                      rather than treated as standalone activity
                                                              • Oversight of risk management, including key risk         • Considered progress against the strategic plan and the
                                                                                                                                                                                           effective oversight of strategy execution across
                                                                                                                                                                                           the year. Dedicated strategy discussions were
our commitment to keep                                          areas such as cyber security and data governance
                                                                                                                           impact of inflationary pressures, increased costs and
                                                                                                                           interest rate changes on our customers, colleagues
                                                                                                                                                                                           held in June, supported by regular progress
                                                                                                                                                                                           updates throughout the year. These sessions
food firmly at the heart of                                   These priorities shaped the Board’s agenda,
                                                              discussions and decisions throughout the year.
                                                                                                                           and suppliers
                                                                                                                         • Monitored progress against culture, behaviours and the
                                                                                                                                                                                           focused on the key choices required to deliver the
what we do, whilst also                                       How the Board makes decisions
                                                                                                                           diversity, equity and inclusion strategy which supports
                                                                                                                           the long-term planning and future direction of the Group
                                                                                                                                                                                           Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy, including where
                                                                                                                                                                                           to invest, where to simplify and how to
reflecting the unique role we                                 The Board’s role is to provide clear leadership,           • Considered and approved the key strategic choices,
                                                                                                                           investments and organisational changes proposed to
                                                                                                                                                                                           strengthen execution pace. This approach
                                                                                                                                                                                           enabled the Board to maintain a balanced focus
                                                              challenge and oversight, and to make decisions that
play for our customers and                                    support the long-term success of the Group. During           support delivery of the Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy
                                                                                                                         • Considered external market developments and their
                                                                                                                                                                                           across strategic planning, execution and oversight,

the communities we serve.                                     the year, the Board considered a number of complex
                                                              matters where there were multiple potential courses
                                                                                                                           impact on customer needs and behaviours
                                                                                                                                                                                           while retaining flexibility to respond to emerging
                                                                                                                                                                                           issues
                                                                                                                         • Assessed how the Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy was
                                                              of action and differing stakeholder impacts.                 delivering for shareholders and wider stakeholders              Focus areas
Board activities                                              In reaching its decisions, the Board sought to             • Considered key investment choices including people,
                                                                                                                           technology and value
                                                                                                                                                                                           The Board discussed the short and long-term
The Board has a detailed programme of activities              understand the relevant insight and evidence, tested                                                                         goals and the choices that the business would
                                                                                                                         • Held deep dive discussions on the Group’s strategic and
which is agreed by the Chair, in conjunction with the         assumptions and options presented to them, and                                                                               need to make to achieve them, including:
                                                                                                                           transformation programmes, including changes to the
Chief Executive and Company Secretary, covering               considered the implications for customers, colleagues,       central management structure                                    • Medium and longer-term competitor, customer
operational and financial performance, strategy and           suppliers, communities and shareholders. Where             • Discussed and created relevant action plans for                   and market trends and the implications for the
transformation planning, risk, governance, culture and        appropriate, the Board requested further analysis or         long-term strategic challenges
                                                                                                                                                                                             business
stakeholder matters. This enables consideration and           alternative proposals before reaching a decision.          • Oversaw the phased withdrawal from core banking and
                                                                                                                           changes to the Group’s financial services offering              • Delivery of the four strategic outcomes and
decision-making which is appropriate for the business,               Further detail on how stakeholder views informed
                                                                                                                         • Used learnings from external cyber incidents to support           short, medium and long-term choices required
our stakeholders and the markets in which we operate.                 the Board’s discussions is set out in the s.172
                                                                      statement on pages 64 to 65                          the continued strengthening of the Group’s cyber                • Challenges to achieving the eight strategic
The table on the following pages sets out the key                                                                          security and resilience                                           commitments and where improvements would
focus areas that the Board reviewed, discussed and                                                                       Benefits and consideration                                          need to be made across the business, including
debated during the year.                                                                                                 • These matters enabled the Board to confirm that the               key investment and cost-saving priorities
     The timeline of Board activities during the year
                                                                                                                           Group’s strategic direction remained appropriate and            • Cultural change needed for growth
                                                                                                                           supported long‑term sustainable value creation
      can be found on page 63                                                                                                                                                              Outcomes
Board priorities during the year                              Our purpose shapes both                                    • Staying connected to our shareholders has enabled the
                                                                                                                           Board to make deliberate decisions on value investment,         • Agreed the corporate plan and budget for the
During the year, the Board focused its time and
attention on a number of key priorities which it
                                                              our ‘why’ and our ‘how:                                      colleague pay and ensuring the longevity of our
                                                                                                                           supply chain
                                                                                                                                                                                             final year of the strategy
                                                                                                                                                                                           • Restructuring key teams to drive Sainsbury’s
considered critical to the long-term success of the           why we exist and how we                                          Further information on the Group’s strategy can be
                                                                                                                                found on page 12
                                                                                                                                                                                             and Argos’s performance
Group. In particular, the Board prioritised:                                                                                                                                               Next steps
• Delivering the second year of the Next Level
                                                              deliver for our customers,                                                                                                   • The Board will continue to receive regular
  Sainsbury’s strategy, including agreeing the key            colleagues, suppliers                                                                                                          updates on the strategic outcomes at every
                                                                                                                                                                                             Board meeting via the Chief Executive’s
  choices, investments and organisational changes
  required to support execution                               and shareholders.                                                                                                              update, as well as deep dive agenda topics
• Strengthening the resilience of the Group, with                                                                                                                                          • Future strategic options will be presented at
  a particular focus on capital allocation, balance           Simon Roberts                                                                                                                  the strategy review day in June
  sheet strength and financial flexibility                    Chief Executive
62      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                           Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Board leadership and Company purpose continued

2.	Chief Executive report and                                   3. Risk                                                      4.	Culture, diversity and inclusion                                 Strategy update
   financial updates                                             Outcome                                                      Outcome
Outcome                                                          • Considered the effectiveness of the Group’s risk
                                                                   management and internal control framework
                                                                                                                              • Considered and approved further investment in retail
                                                                                                                                colleague pay, taking account of affordability
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Board oversight of culture
• The Board considered operational and financial                                                                                                                                                   The Board recognises that culture is a critical
                                                                 • Maintained responsibility for the identification and         and retention
  performance updates from the Chief Executive and Chief
  Financial Officer at each meeting                                management of risks to ensure the successful operation     • Approved changes to the workforce strategy to                      enabler of long‑term performance and sustainable
• Periodic updates on sales, underlying retail operating
                                                                   of the business                                              strengthen leadership capability and support the                   growth. During the year, culture was a regular
                                                                 • Identified and monitored principal and emerging risks,       desired culture                                                    feature of Board discussions, both as a standalone
  profit, retail free cash flow, working capital, stakeholders
  and progress against KPIs                                        including economic and political uncertainty, supply       • Maintained focus on culture and development as a                   topic and as part of wider strategic, operational
                                                                   chain security and raw material availability                 critical enabler of our longer-term success
• Considered the Group’s financial position, including                                                                                                                                             and people-related decisions.
  liquidity, going concern and viability                         • Reviewed Audit Committee discussions and decisions to      • Considered succession planning for pivotal roles,
• Monitored progress against the long‑term plan
                                                                   monitor internal controls, stress testing and risk           including Board and Operating Board appointments                   The Board considered a range of qualitative and
                                                                   mitigation across the business                             • Approved leadership capability initiatives to develop and          quantitative insights to assess whether the
  and budget
                                                                 • Received updates from the Audit Committee Chair on the       grow diverse talent and strengthen future pipelines                desired culture was being embedded across the
• Discussed balance sheet strength and leverage targets
                                                                   maturity of the Group’s cyber security capabilities,         through tailored development programmes
• Considered funding and liquidity arrangements                                                                                                                                                    business. These included colleague engagement
                                                                   including the outcome of cyber testing and assurance       • Supported the Operating Board in embedding the Group’s
• Approved the capital allocation framework, including the         activity during the year, including learnings from these                                                                        feedback, insights from the Make It Better
                                                                                                                                purpose to enable a positive, forward-thinking and
  approach to shareholder returns                                  activities and external cyber incidents                      inclusive culture whilst improving business outcomes               Together panel, interactions with colleagues
• Monitored progress against the plan to exit core banking                                                                                                                                         during site visits and updates on leadership
  services and streamline the Financial Services                 Benefits and consideration                                   • Received regular updates on colleague engagement,
                                                                                                                                                                                                   capability, succession and reward.
                                                                                                                                reviewing colleague feedback from listening groups, the
  proposition                                                    • The Board reviews the most significant and principal
                                                                                                                                Make It Better Together panel and the We’re
• Considered the management of Group financing                     risks facing the Group
                                                                                                                                Listening survey
                                                                                                                                                                                                   The Board also considered how its decisions
  activities, including debt refinancing and pension plans       • Strengthening the risk and internal control environment                                                                         would reinforce the behaviours and ways of
• Continued its Euro Medium Term Note Programme                    is fundamental to our governance framework                 Benefits and consideration                                           working needed to deliver the Group’s strategy. In
                                                                                                                              • Our vision is to be the most trusted retailer, where people        particular, discussions on colleague pay,
                                                                       Further information on the Group’s internal control
Benefits and consideration                                                                                                      love to work and shop. Assessment and monitoring of the
                                                                        and risk management framework can be found on                                                                              leadership development and organisational
• The Board has delegated authority to the Chief Executive              pages 73 to 80                                          Group’s culture is a key factor which supports effective
  for the day-to-day management of the business                                                                                 decision-making                                                    structure reflected the Board’s focus on
• Operational and financial updates provide oversight of                                                                      • Supporting colleagues with leading pay and benefits is a           accountability, inclusivity and
  the business, and the impact actions may have on                                                                              key part of our strategy to drive outstanding service              continuous improvement.
  stakeholders
                                                                                                                                    Further information on our people and culture can be          The Board is mindful of the importance of leading
• Board oversight supports the strategic direction and                                                                               found on pages 20 to 23
  long-term viability and ensures that future liabilities                                                                                                                                          by example. Ongoing engagement and feedback,
  can be met                                                                                                                                                                                       including through the Board effectiveness review,
                                                                                                                                                                                                   reinforced the importance of clear expectations,
      Further information can be found on pages 4 and 34
                                                                                                                                                                                                   open dialogue and constructive challenge in
                                                                                                                                                                                                   setting the tone from the top.
63      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report      Financial Statements


Board leadership and Company purpose continued

5. Plan for Better                                               6.	Investor relations, investor views                       7. Safety and wellbeing                                          8. Governance matters
Outcome                                                             and key market updates                                    Outcome                                                          Outcome
• Reviewed our approach to Scope 1 and 2 decarbonisation         Outcome                                                      • Reviewed major safety incidents and the safety strategic       • Updates from the Chairs of the Committees to ensure
  and approach to measurement in Scope 3                                                                                        plan, including updates on trends and the Group’s                alignment across the Board
                                                                 • Understanding of investors’ strategic and performance
• Reviewed our community partnership strategy to                                                                                safety culture                                                 • Review of regulatory and legislative reforms and
                                                                   expectations of Sainsbury’s
  maximise impact                                                                                                             • Discussed food safety, including the impact of macro             implications for Sainsbury’s
                                                                 • Visibility of market conditions, share price performance
• Considered the future packaging strategy, including the                                                                       events on the global food supply chain                         • Considered the findings of the Board effectiveness review
                                                                   and future outlook
  implications of Extended Producer Responsibility legislation                                                                • Considered the impact of increasing retail crime and the         and agreed actions to enhance performance and oversight
                                                                 • Feedback on investor meetings held during the year
• Continued collaboration with suppliers, industry and                                                                          adequacy of proposed actions to protect colleagues             • Legal and governance updates, including material
                                                                 • Updated investors on the implementation of year two of       and customers
  government to understand and address challenges                                                                                                                                                litigation and Modern Slavery
                                                                   the Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy
  across the UK food system                                                                                                   • Supported continued investment in physical, mental and         • Review and approval of statutory reporting and
                                                                 • Delivered enhanced shareholder returns through payment       financial wellbeing support, including access to wellbeing       shareholder documentation
Benefits and consideration                                         of a progressive dividend, a £250 million share buyback      programmes and resources
                                                                   programme and a special dividend from the exit of                                                                           • Ensured compliance with the UK Corporate Governance
• Our commitment to our customers, colleagues and the
  communities we serve are reflected in our Plan for Better        banking operations                                         Benefits and consideration                                         Code 2024 and preparations for adoption of Provision 29
  strategy which underpins our four strategic outcomes
                                                                 Benefits and consideration                                   • The Board places significant importance on looking after       Benefits and consideration
• Building the resilience of our business and changing the way                                                                  the safety of colleagues, customers and anyone else            • An important part of the Board’s role is the oversight of
                                                                 • Ensures shareholder sentiment is understood and              impacted by our business
  we work with partners and suppliers for people and planet                                                                                                                                      the Group’s activities, ensuring that the Group is properly
                                                                   considered when making decisions
                                                                                                                              • Wellbeing support helps colleagues to perform at their           governed with the required resources
      Further information on our Plan for Better strategy                                                                      best and in an environment where everyone can thrive
                                                                       Further information on the Group’s investment case
       can be found on pages 30 to 33
                                                                        can be found on page 7
                                                                                                                                   Further information on health, safety and wellbeing
                                                                                                                                    can be found on pages 21 to 22


Board activities during the year
                             Deep dive: Updates on people and technology strategy                                                                         Approval: Termination of discussions in relation to the sale of Argos
                             Discussions:                                                                                       September                 Discussion: Next phase of share buyback and return of Bank proceeds to
                             • Full-year trading performance, competitive environment and outlook for 2026                                                shareholders via a special dividend
                             • Considered capital allocation priorities, including dividend policy and potential
      March                    share buyback                                                                                                              Discussion:
                                                                                                                                                          • Half-year trading performance and updated outlook
                             Approvals:
                             • Updates to the Matters Reserved for the Board in line with the 2024 UK Corporate                    October                • Interim and special dividends and share buyback programme
                               Governance Code                                                                                                            • Update on core banking services exit and future financial services proposition
                             • Change of the Company’s registered office                                                                                  Announcement: Publication of the 2025/26 half-year results

                             Discussion: Working with our partners on sourcing resilience and value chain                                                 Discussion:
       April                 Announcement: Publication of 2024/25 full-year results and launch of share                          December                 • Reviewed plans for Christmas trading
                             buyback programme                                                                                                            • 2026/27 budget

                             Event: Held a strategy session reviewing year one of the Group’s strategy, including                                         Approval:
                             market, customer and shareholder perspectives and reviewed strategic priorities                                              • Group’s corporate plan and budget
       June                  for years two and three                                                                               January                • Triennial pension valuation and sponsoring employer changes
                                                                                                                                                          • Renewal of the EMTN programme and updates to the Treasury Policy
                             Deep dive: Review of cyber security, including external events and key learnings
                                                                                                                                                          Announcement: Publication of the 2025/26 Christmas trading results
                             Event: Annual General Meeting
        July
                             Approval: Modern Slavery Policy
64      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                         Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Section 172 statement

How the Board engages with stakeholders
During the year ended 28 February 2026, our Board has acted in accordance with section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 with each Director acting in the way they considered, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the
success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole. In doing so, our Directors had regard to the interests of other stakeholders, whilst maintaining high standards of business conduct. Examples of how our
Directors applied these matters in their decision-making are included throughout this Annual Report.
 Section 172 duties                              Relevant disclosure and page number

 The likely consequences of                      •   Business model on page 6                            •   Plan for Better report on page 30                          •   Statement of viability on page 48
 Board decision-making in                        •   Chair’s letter on page 4                            •   Our people and culture on page 20                          •   Introduction to the governance report on page 53
                                                 •   Our purpose in action on page 10                    •   Engaging with our stakeholders on page 24                  •   Governance framework on page 59
 the long term
                                                 •   Chief Executive’s statement on page 8               •   Key performance indicators on page 18                      •   Board leadership and Company purpose on page 61
                                                 •   Strategy overview on page 12                        •   Financial review on page 34                                •   Annual report on remuneration on page 94
                                                 •   Delivering on our outcomes on page 13               •   Principal risks and uncertainties on page 40



 The interests of our colleagues                 •   Business model on page 6                            •   Plan for Better report on page 30                          •   Introduction to the governance report on page 53
                                                 •   Chair’s letter on page 4                            •   Our people and culture on page 20                          •   Governance framework on page 59
                                                 •   Our purpose in action on page 10                    •   Engaging with our stakeholders on page 24                  •   Board leadership and Company purpose on page 61
                                                 •   Chief Executive’s statement on page 8               •   Key performance indicators on page 18                      •   Annual report on remuneration on page 94



 The need to foster our business                 •   Business model on page 6                            •   Delivering on our outcomes on page 13                      • Governance framework on page 59
 relationships with suppliers,                   •   Our purpose in action on page 10                    •   Engaging with our stakeholders on page 24                  • Board leadership and Company purpose on page 61
                                                 •   Chief Executive’s statement on page 8               •   Key performance indicators on page 18                      • Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee report
 customers and others                                                                                                                                                     on page 71
                                                 •   Strategy overview on page 12                        •   Introduction to the governance report on page 53



 The impact of our operations                    •   Our purpose in action on page 10                    • Plan for Better report on page 30                            • Board leadership and Company purpose on page 61
 on the community and                            •   Chief Executive’s statement on page 8               • Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial   • Nomination and Governance Committee report on page 67
                                                 •   Strategy overview on page 12                          Disclosures (TCFD) on page 104                               • Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee report
 the environment                                                                                         • Principal risks and uncertainties on page 40                   on page 71
                                                 •   Delivering on our outcomes on page 13
                                                                                                         • Governance framework on page 59


 The desirability of maintaining                 •   Strategy overview on page 12                        • Non-financial and sustainability information statement       • Nomination and Governance Committee report on page 67
                                                                                                           on page 50
 a reputation for high standards                 •   Delivering on our outcomes on page 13                                                                              • Annual report on remuneration on page 94
                                                 •   Engaging with our stakeholders on page 24           • Introduction to the governance report on page 53
 of business conduct                                                                                     • Board leadership and Company purpose on page 61
                                                 •   Key performance indicators on page 18
                                                 •   Principal risks and uncertainties on page 40        • Governance framework on page 59



 The need to act fairly                          •   Engaging with our stakeholders on page 24
 between shareholders                            •   Introduction to the governance report on page 53
                                                 •   Board leadership and Company purpose on page 61
                                                 •   Audit Committee report on page 73


      More information on the Group’s engagement with
       stakeholders can be found in Engaging with our
       stakeholders on pages 24 to 29
65      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Board stakeholder engagement


How the Board engages with stakeholders
The Board receives regular updates on each of our stakeholder groups during the year, enabling a
deep understanding of risks and opportunities aligned to the Group’s strategy.
                                                                                                                                                                    Decision in action
With colleagues:                                                                                                                                                    Colleague pay
Throughout the year, the Board engaged closely with colleagues through regular meetings with our workforce advisory panel, the National Make It                     The Board approved an above inflation pay increase for hourly paid retail
Better Together group, providing direct insight into colleague experience across the business. These insights informed Board discussions on culture,                colleagues for the year ahead, reflecting its continued focus on
leadership capability and colleague priorities.                                                                                                                     supporting colleagues and maintaining a competitive reward
                                                                                                                                                                    proposition. In reaching its decision, the Board considered colleague
Workforce panel feedback and sentiment tracking highlighted ongoing cost of living pressures and demand for frontline skills development. The Board
                                                                                                                                                                    feedback, cost of living pressures, productivity, affordability and the
approved a sector-leading pay increase and investment in wellbeing and capability programmes, supporting stronger colleague retention and continued
                                                                                                                                                                    long‑term sustainability of the business.
delivery of high quality customer service.

With customers:                                                                                                                                                     Trends in the health space
Board members spent time in stores during the year, engaging directly with customers and observing customer journeys. These visits provided                         The Board received updates on the trends and external factors
first‑hand insight into how customers shop, what matters most to them and how value, quality and availability are experienced in practice, informing                shaping the health and nutrition space, prompted by shifting
Board discussions on strategic priorities.                                                                                                                          customer behaviour towards healthy options, particularly fibre and
                                                                                                                                                                    high protein diets. Insights from the discussions supported
Customer dashboards and Nectar insight highlighted sustained sensitivity to essential-item pricing and friction in checkout journeys. In response, the
                                                                                                                                                                    management in developing initiatives that help customers make
Board approved price investment to bring prices down for customers and prioritised digital improvements to support value, availability and ease of
                                                                                                                                                                    healthier and more sustainable choices.
shopping, contributing to improved availability during peak trading and stronger customer loyalty, supporting volume growth and market share gains.

With suppliers:                                                                                                                                                     Supplier visit
During the year, members of the Board met with a number of suppliers, including a supplier dinner and site visits. This facilitated the Board’s                     In April 2025, the Board visited Pilgrim’s, one of the Group’s farming
understanding of the challenges faced and support that can be provided.                                                                                             partners which has been supplying chicken to Sainsbury’s for over 60
                                                                                                                                                                    years. The visit explored how our suppliers are delivering on the
Supplier surveys, including the GSCOP and Advantage Surveys, provided key insights and underlined the need to prioritise investment in logistics
                                                                                                                                                                    sustainability agenda, as well as the challenges they face to achieve
capability and to extend long‑term agricultural and supplier partnerships. These actions strengthened supply chain resilience and supported progress on
                                                                                                                                                                    this.
sustainability collaborations and security of supply. See Plan for Better report on page 30 for more details.

With shareholders:                                                                                                                                                  Strategic review of Argos
Throughout the year, the Board engaged extensively with our shareholders to ensure their understanding of investor viewpoints and to discuss                        During the year, the Board considered an external approach relating
performance, strategy and industry dynamics. Members of the Board also engage with shareholders through formal reporting channels which ensure                      to a potential sale of Argos. In line with its responsibilities, the Board
equal access to information, such as our results presentation webcasts, Analyst Q&A calls and our corporate website, as well as engaging with                       assessed the strategic rationale for the proposal, the long‑term
shareholders at our hybrid Annual General Meeting.                                                                                                                  implications for the Group and the potential stakeholder impact.
The Board’s discussions on returns to shareholders took into consideration shareholder feedback alongside the Group’s long-term investment needs. The Board         Following further engagement and a material change in the terms
approved the continuation of the share buyback programme and a special dividend. A decision was taken not to pursue a share consolidation on the basis              proposed, the Board concluded that the proposal was not in the best
that this would not be in the best interests of all of the Group’s shareholders. The Board considered the interests of all shareholders when setting dividend and   interests of the Group’s shareholders, colleagues and broader
buyback parameters, including the timing and method of returning capital so that retail and institutional investors could participate equitably.                    stakeholders. Accordingly, the Board terminated the discussions.
      More information on the Group’s engagement with stakeholders can be found in Engaging with our stakeholders on pages 24 to 29                                This decision reflected the Board’s disciplined approach to capital
                                                                                                                                                                    allocation and its commitment to protecting the strength, heritage
                                                                                                                                                                    and future potential of the Argos brand.
66     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                             Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Board effectiveness review

The Board monitors its performance and effectiveness through an annual evaluation
of the Board as a whole, its Committees and individual Directors.
The Chair and Board work throughout the year to               Progress made against 2024/25                              2025/26 Effectiveness review                            Findings of the review
strengthen and enhance the performance of the
Board, ensuring that the Board’s skills and
                                                              actions                                                    An overview of the external effectiveness review is     The review concluded that the Board is a strong, high
                                                                                                                         set out below:                                          calibre and effective Board, with strong and effective
capabilities are aligned to the Group’s strategy.             Actions identified through the 2024/25 internal
                                                                                                                                                                                 leadership by the Chair. It noted that there were high
                                                              review were embedded into the Board and
In 2025/26, the Board undertook an externally                 Committee forward agendas and monitored during                             September 2025                          levels of engagement, trust and collaboration
facilitated Board effectiveness review. The review                                                                            Selection of external effectiveness review         between Executive and Non‑Executive Directors,
                                                              the year to ensure they translated into practical
took a forward‑looking perspective, focusing on how                                                                         provider. Discussions with Chair and Company         enabling robust challenge and effective
                                                              changes in how the Board operates.
the Board needs to continue evolving to support the                                                                             Secretariat on scope and deliverables            decision‑making. The Board’s culture was positive
                                                               2024/25 focus area   Action taken during the year                                                                 and aligned with the Group’s values, characterised by
Group’s strategic priorities, both in the final year of
                                                                                                                                                                                 openness, respect and a shared commitment to
the Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy and over the               Customer voice       Board visibility of customer                           October 2025
coming years. These effectiveness reviews operate                                   insight was broadened by                                                                     long‑term success. The Directors were found to have
                                                                                                                            Reviewed Board and Committee papers for the
on a three-year cycle as shown below. An externally                                 introducing regular updates on                                                               a well‑balanced mix of skills and experience around
                                                                                                                                       preceding 12 months
facilitated Board effectiveness review provides the                                 customer sentiment and                                                                       the Board table, with recent appointments further
Board with an independent assessment of the                                         feedback into our meetings.                                                                  strengthening retail and technology capability.
                                                                                                                                 October 2025 – January 2026                     Overall, the review confirmed that the Board is well
performance of the Board.
                                                                                                                            Conducted individual interviews with all Board       placed to support delivery of the final year of the
                                                               Colleague            Members of the Board provide
In 2025/26 the Board engaged Elaine Sullivan and                                                                             members, the General Counsel and Company            Group’s Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy, while
                                                               engagement           mentorship to senior leaders and
Andrew Lowenthal of Manchester Square Partners to                                                                           Secretary, and the Deputy Company Secretary          identifying clear areas of focus to ensure it continues
                                                                                    rising talent within the business.
carry out the review. Neither Manchester Square                                                                                                                                  to evolve and remain effective over the longer term.
                                                                                    In addition, senior management
Partners nor the individual facilitators has any other
                                                                                    at the layer below the Operating             October 2025 – January 2026
material connection with the Company or its
                                                                                    Board regularly present agenda         Observed meetings of the Board and Committees            Actions for 2026/27:
Directors and the Board was satisfied as to their
                                                                                    items to the Board.                                                                             • Ensure sufficient time in the Board agenda for
independence. Individual contributions were treated
                                                                                                                                            March 2026                                forward‑looking, exploratory discussion as the
as confidential and non-attributable. During 2026/27,
                                                               Skills and           Katie Bickerstaffe and Steve Hare      Discussed findings with the Chair and presented            Board supports development of the next phase
an internal effectiveness review will be undertaken.
                                                               experience           joined the Board in 2025,                          the report to the Board                        of the Group’s strategy
                                                                                    strengthening both retail and                                                                   • Maintain focus on people, talent and succession
                   2023/24                                                          technology expertise on the                              April 2026                               planning to ensure future leadership capability
               Internal review                                                      Board.                                    Developed action plan to measure progress               remains aligned with the Group’s evolving needs
      Building on themes from the previous                                                                                              against key findings                        • Continue to refine Board agendas and ways
        externally facilitated evaluation                      Succession           To increase the Board’s focus on                                                                  of working to balance early engagement on
                                                               planning             succession planning and talent       Focus of the review                                          emerging topics with effective challenge once
                                                                                    development of senior                • Strategy development and strategic priorities              proposals are sufficiently developed
                 2024/25                                                            management, the number of
                                                                                                                                                                                    • Strengthen the prominence of customer
                                                                                                                         • Operational challenges, perceived risks and
      Internal effectiveness review                                                 Nomination and Governance
                                                                                                                           risk management                                            insight and customer experience in Board
  Building on themes from the previous review                                       Committee meetings was
                                                                                                                         • Finance and key performance indicators                     discussions
                                                                                    increased to four per year. Talent
                                                                                                                         • Relationship with stakeholders                           • Continue to ensure that risk management and
                                                                                    and succession planning was
                                                                                                                         • Talent management and succession planning                  risk appetite are explicitly considered in
                                                                                    added as a standing agenda
                                                                                                                                                                                      prioritisation and decision-making
                 2025/26                                                            item for the Committee.              • Purpose, values and culture
       Externally facilitated review                                                                                     • Board role and dynamics
                                                                                                                         • Board composition, succession and engagement
67     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Nomination and Governance Committee report

                                                              Diversity, equity and inclusion                            Priorities for next year                                  Committee governance
                                                              The Group’s diversity, equity and inclusion strategy is
                                                                                                                         • Implementation of actions arising from                  The Committee consists of the Chair of the Board and
                                                              a key area of focus for the Board and its Committees.
                                                                                                                           the externally facilitated Board effectiveness          the seven independent Non-Executive Directors.
                                                              Our commitment to this strategy is demonstrated by
                                                                                                                           review                                                  The Chair of the Board is also the Chair of the
                                                              the composition of the Board and senior leadership
                                                                                                                         • Continued oversight of the business’s diversity,        Committee, and the Company Secretary or his
                                                              teams. The Board has set ambitious targets to
                                                                                                                           equity and inclusion strategy                           nominee acts as the Secretary of the Committee.
                                                              increase representation of women and ethnically
                                                              diverse colleagues in our senior leadership and senior     • Review of talent and succession planning for            The Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer and
                                                              management positions, whilst also ensuring that all          the Board and senior management                         Deputy Company Secretary attend meetings
Dear Shareholder                                              appointments are made on merit and meet the
                                                              needs of the Group.
                                                                                                                         • Ensuring continued compliance with the UK
                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance Code 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                   by invitation.
                                                                                                                                                                                   The Committee held two scheduled meetings in
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased                                                                                                                                               the year and a number of ad hoc meetings for the
to present the Nomination and                                 Board effectiveness review                                                                                           Committee to discuss succession planning.
Governance Committee’s report                                 The Committee also oversaw an externally facilitated                                                                 Attendance at the scheduled Nomination and
                                                              Board and Committee effectiveness review during
for 2025/26, which sets out the                               the year and I am pleased to confirm that the review
                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance Committee meetings can be found
                                                                                                                                                                                   on page 55.
Committee’s work during the year                              found that the Board and all of its Committees were
and how we have supported the                                 operating effectively. The process and outcomes of
Board in maintaining the right                                the review are discussed in more detail later in this     Key activities in 2025/26
                                                              report and on page 66.
balance of skills, experience and                                                                                       In addition to the matters referred to above, the Nomination and Governance Committee has carried out all
                                                                                                                        activities in accordance with its Terms of Reference, including the following activities:
governance oversight.                                         Looking ahead
                                                              We will continue to focus on succession planning and      Committee activity                              Outcome
                                                              Board composition, ensuring effective decision-
Board composition, succession                                 making and the right set of skills and capabilities as
                                                                                                                        Reviewed talent and succession planning         Provided the Board with assurance that appropriate
                                                                                                                        for the Operating Board and senior              succession plans are in place to support leadership continuity.
and talent                                                    we move into the next phase of our strategy.
                                                                                                                        management
Board composition and succession planning
remained a key focus for the Committee this year,                                                                       Reviewed and approved the Directors’            Ensured appropriate processes are in place for the
with the Group entering the final year of the Next                                                                      register of interests                           identification, disclosure and management of actual and
Level Sainsbury’s strategy and starting to plan for                                                                                                                     potential conflicts of interest.
our next phase of growth. In July 2025, Katie
Bickerstaffe and Steve Hare joined the Board as               Martin Scicluna                                           Reviewed the Company’s governance               Confirmed continued alignment with the UK Corporate
Non‑Executive Directors following a rigorous and              Chair, Nomination and Governance Committee                framework                                       Governance Code 2024 and relevant best practice.
transparent appointment process and the
Committee oversaw their onboarding and tailored                                                                         Considered the performance and                  Supported Board accountability to shareholders and
induction to support their early and effective                                                                          independence of Directors and                   compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
contribution. Further detail on their induction                                                                         recommended annual election and
programmes is set out later in this report.                                                                             re-election at the AGM
I am pleased to announce that Katie and Steve
joined the Nomination and Governance Committee                                                                          Reviewed and approved the Board                 The Committee confirmed that the Board Diversity Policy
this year. Their experience and perspectives                                                                            Diversity Policy                                remains appropriate and that progress against the Board’s
have been welcomed and have supported the                                                                                                                               diversity objectives will continue to be monitored on a
Committee’s discussions.                                                                                                                                                regular basis.
68     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Nomination and Governance Committee report continued

Succession planning                                           oversaw the tailored induction programmes for
                                                              Katie Bickerstaffe and Steve Hare, shaped around
                                                                                                                      Committee effectiveness review                               Spotlight
                                                                                                                      An independent external evaluation of the
Talent development                                            their respective experience and the perspectives        effectiveness of the Board and its Committees was
                                                                                                                                                                                   Key Training and
The Committee oversees the development of a strong            they bring to the Board.                                conducted during the year in line with the UK
and diverse pipeline for senior leadership roles across       Katie Bickerstaffe                                      Corporate Governance Code. The review was                    Development for Board
the short, medium and longer term. Throughout the
year, we reviewed succession plans at executive and
                                                              Katie Bickerstaffe brings deep experience in
                                                                                                                      facilitated by Manchester Square Partners.
                                                                                                                      The review concluded that the Nomination and
                                                                                                                                                                                   in 2025/26
                                                              consumer‑focused businesses, digital transformation                                                                  • Mandatory governance and conduct
senior management level, monitored the progress of                                                                    Governance Committee operates effectively and
                                                              and organisational leadership. Her induction was                                                                       training: Equipped Directors with essential
future leaders and assessed the depth of talent                                                                       plays an important role in supporting the Board’s
                                                              therefore shaped to support her understanding of                                                                       regulatory, ethical and information security
across the Group to ensure we continue to build a                                                                     governance, composition and succession planning
                                                              how Sainsbury’s strategy is delivered day to day in a                                                                  knowledge to support compliant and
resilient and diverse management pipeline.                                                                            responsibilities. The Committee was seen as well
                                                              large‑scale retail and supply chain environment, and                                                                   responsible Board level decision making.
                                                                                                                      chaired, with all Non‑Executive Directors engaged
Members of the Board provide mentorship to senior             how sustainability and stakeholder considerations                                                                    • Safety teach in: Strengthened the Board’s
                                                                                                                      in its work. The review highlighted confidence in the
leaders and rising talent within the business and we          are built into commercial decision‑making. The                                                                         oversight of colleague/customer safety,
                                                                                                                      Committee’s oversight of Board composition and its
continue to invest in leadership development programmes.      programme focused on engagement with senior                                                                            critical incident preparedness and food safety
                                                                                                                      thoughtful approach to maintaining an appropriate
                                                              leaders across Commercial, Strategy, Sustainability,                                                                   governance to enhance risk management.
                                                                                                                      balance of skills, experience and diversity. Overall,
Appointments to the Board                                     Data and Risk teams, alongside site visits to build
                                                                                                                      the Committee was viewed as making a strong                  • Supplier site visit: Provided operational
The Committee follows a formal, rigorous and                  first‑hand insight into the Group’s operations. This
                                                                                                                      contribution to the ongoing effectiveness and                  insight into sourcing practices and risks to
transparent process for Board appointments,                   approach supported her early contribution to Board
                                                                                                                      stability of the Board. Further details can be found           reinforce supply chain oversight and
informed by the Board skills matrix, succession               discussions and to her roles on the Nomination and
                                                                                                                      on page 66                                                     understanding of supplier standards.
planning priorities and the need to maintain an               Governance Committee and the Corporate
                                                              Responsibility and Sustainability Committee.                                                                         • Sourcing resilience and supply chain risk:
appropriate balance of skills, experience,                                                                            Continuing professional                                        Enhanced the Board’s understanding of
independence and diversity. Egon Zehnder was
engaged by the Committee as the external executive            Steve Hare                                              development and training                                       structural and operational supply chain risks,
                                                              Steve Hare joined the Board with significant            The Committee supported ongoing Board                          strengthening its ability to challenge and
search consultant. It had no connection with the
                                                              experience as a listed company chief executive and      effectiveness through a focused programme of                   support management on sourcing vulnerabilities,
Company prior to appointment as recruitment
                                                              finance leader. His induction therefore focused on      training, business engagement and external insight.            business resilience and upcoming
consultant and had no relevant connection with
                                                              building a detailed understanding of Sainsbury’s        Key training and development activities during the             transformation and strategic decisions.
individual Directors. The Committee briefed the
                                                              operating model and customer proposition and the        year are summarised on the right-hand side.                  • Technology and workforce strategy
search consultant on our specification, and we
                                                              practical drivers of performance and risk in a                                                                         development sessions: Built Board
considered and interviewed a wide and diverse range
                                                              complex retail business. Alongside meetings with                                                                       understanding of key strategic enablers –
of candidates for each role. The Board was unanimous
                                                              senior leaders responsible for finance, audit, risk                                                                    technology, data literacy and workforce
in its decision to appoint Katie and Steve as
                                                              and governance, the programme included extensive                                                                       capability – to support robust challenge
Non-Executive Directors.
                                                              exposure to stores, depots, suppliers and customer                                                                     and oversight.
Induction                                                     journeys. This helped Steve build on his existing
                                                              board and financial expertise by developing a clear
Induction programmes for new Directors during the
                                                              understanding of how the Next Level Sainsbury’s
year were tailored to reflect their experience and
                                                              strategy is delivered in practice, supporting his
backgrounds, combining briefings with senior
                                                              contributions to the Board and his work on the
leaders, governance and risk deep dives and
                                                              Audit Committee and the Nomination and
operational site visits to support early and
                                                              Governance Committee.
effective contribution.

New Director inductions
The Committee recognises the importance of
supporting new Non‑Executive Directors as they
join the Board and begin contributing to the delivery
of our strategy. During the year, the Committee
69     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report    Governance Report      Financial Statements


Nomination and Governance Committee report continued

Governance framework and                                      Annual election and re-election                             The Board receives regular updates on our inclusion
                                                                                                                          initiatives and the Board, Corporate Responsibility
                                                                                                                                                                                      The Nomination and Governance Committee is
                                                                                                                                                                                      responsible for ensuring that the Board and its
regulatory developments                                       Annually, the Committee considers and recommends
                                                              to the Board the re-election of Directors by shareholders   and Sustainability Committee and Nomination and             Committees have the right balance of skills,
To ensure continued compliance with the UK                    at the AGM. This is supported by each Director’s            Governance Committee receive detailed presentations         experience and knowledge and there is a diverse
Corporate Governance Code 2024 and evolving best              individual assessment undertaken as part of the             throughout the year on our inclusion priorities and         pipeline for succession for key leadership positions in
practice, the Committee reviewed the Group’s                  annual Board review process. The Committee                  the progress we are making. The Remuneration                the Group in the longer term. In accordance with the
governance framework during the year. This included           concluded that there were no reasons identified             Committee also reviewed and approved the Ethnicity          Committee’s Terms of Reference, the Committee
the Matters Reserved for the Board, Committee                 to prevent any Director from being recommended              and Gender Pay Report which can be found on our             regularly reviews the composition of the Board and
Terms of Reference and the role descriptions of the           for re-election at the 2026 AGM.                            website: corporate.sainsburys.co.uk.                        its Committees, succession planning, talent
Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Senior Independent                                                                                                                                 development and the broader aspects of diversity.
                                                                                                                          The Board’s diversity policy applies to the Board and
Director. The Committee recommended a number of               Diversity, equity and inclusion                             its Committees and complements the Group’s wider                   More information on the Group’s diversity and
updates to the Board to ensure continued alignment                                                                        diversity strategy.                                                 inclusion strategy can be found on pages 23, including
                                                              The Board and Committee continue to promote the
with best practice. The Committee also monitored                                                                                                                                              diversity information of our senior leadership and
                                                              importance of diversity, equity and inclusion across                                                                            management positions
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
and considered the impact of emerging regulatory
                                                              the business. We are committed to being a truly             Board Diversity Policy
                                                              inclusive retailer where every single one of our
developments, including the Economic Crime and
                                                              colleagues is treated fairly and with respect and can
                                                                                                                          We promote diversity on our Board and believe there
                                                                                                                          is good balance amongst our Executive and Non‑Executive
                                                                                                                                                                                      Board diversity objectives
Corporate Transparency Act.                                                                                                                                                           The Board aims to maintain a level of at least 50 per
                                                              fulfil their potential. We want our customers to feel       Directors, with extensive, wide-ranging experience of
To support more effective oversight, the Committee                                                                                                                                    cent female representation on the Board and in
                                                              welcome when they shop with us. We embrace and              retail and other consumer-facing businesses and
agreed to increase the number of its scheduled                                                                                                                                        senior management1. It is recognised that there may
                                                              encourage diversity, inclusion and equity and aim to        varying length of service. Our Non-Executive Directors
meetings from two to four per year.                                                                                                                                                   be periods of change on the Board when this number
                                                              reflect the diverse communities we serve. Simon Roberts     have other highly relevant skills derived from serving
                                                                                                                                                                                      may be smaller while the Board is refreshed.
                                                              and the Operating Board provide clear and committed         in a range of major executive and non-executive
Independence, conflicts                                       leadership and accountability of our inclusion agenda,      positions throughout their careers and a blend of
                                                                                                                                                                                      However, it is the Board’s longer-term intention to
                                                                                                                                                                                      maintain this balance.
and time commitment                                           with members of the Operating Board acting as
                                                              sponsors across wellbeing, diversity and inclusion
                                                                                                                          cognitive and personal strengths and backgrounds.
                                                                                                                                                                                      The Board supports the recommendations set out in
The Non-Executive Directors provide a strong                                                                              We are keen to ensure that Board and Committee
                                                              and our Colleague Networks. The governance of                                                                           the Parker Review and intends to maintain at least
independent element to the Board and a solid                                                                              membership reflects diversity in its broadest sense,
                                                              diversity, equity and inclusion is a regular part of the                                                                one Director who identifies as ethnically diverse.
foundation for good corporate governance, fulfilling                                                                      our colleague base and the communities we serve.
                                                              Operating Board agenda to ensure ongoing progress
the vital role of corporate accountability. The Committee                                                                                                                             Five of our ten Board Directors are women (50 per cent)
                                                              and focus.
formally reviews the independence of each of our                                                                          Monitoring and reporting                                    and one identifies as ethnically diverse. In making its
Non-Executive Directors at least annually. The Committee      In 2025 we renewed our commitment to increasing             As at 28 February 2026, the Board met each of the           recommendations to the Board, the Committee has
is of the opinion that each of the current Non-Executive      gender and ethnic diversity at the senior levels of the     FCA Listing Rules and FTSE Women Leaders Review             due regard to the UK Corporate Governance Code 2024
Directors continues to be independent in character            organisation with a set of new representation targets       targets of maintaining a minimum of 40 per cent             and other best practice and will consider the balance
and judgement in line with the definition set out in          for 2024 to 2028. We set stretching targets to achieve      female representation on the Board, with female             of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of
the Code. In assessing each Director’s independence,          50 per cent women senior leaders1, 50 per cent              representation at 50 per cent.                              the Board, its diversity in the broadest sense, how the
the Committee concluded that each provides objective          women senior managers, 15 per cent ethnically                                                                           Board works together as a team and other factors
                                                              diverse senior leaders1 and 15 per cent ethnically          As at 28 February 2026, one member of the Board             relevant to its effectiveness.
challenge and strategic guidance and holds
                                                              diverse senior managers by 2028. Our progress               was from an ethnically diverse background, meeting
management to account.
                                                              towards these targets is supported by regular               the target set out in the FCA Listing Rules and the
The Committee reviewed Directors’ conflicts of                monitoring and talent interventions designed to             Parker Review recommendations.
interest and external commitments and was satisfied           support the progress of women and those from                     More information on the Board’s diversity targets
that appropriate processes remain in place to identify,       ethnically diverse backgrounds.                                   can be found on page 120
manage and disclose any actual or potential conflicts,
and that Directors continue to have sufficient time to               Further information on our progress against these
                                                                      targets can be found on page 23
discharge their responsibilities effectively.
70      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report      Governance Report       Financial Statements


Nomination and Governance Committee report continued

Diversity, equity and inclusion continued
The Board continues to review the development of the pipeline of both ethnically diverse and female senior management within the business. Three of the seven members of our Operating Board are women.
The Board supports and encourages initiatives that strengthen the pipeline of talent in the Company, including:
• A comprehensive talent management review which is presented and discussed by the Board
• Highly personalised plans and initiatives for high potential colleagues to broaden their skill sets and experience to prepare them for future senior roles; for example, through boardroom exposure, and non-executive and
  trustee roles outside the business
• Senior management mentoring schemes sponsored by Board and Operating Board members
 Objective                                                                                     Implementation                                                                                                                                  Progress

 Maintain a level of at least 40 per cent female representation on the                         Regular succession planning sessions are undertaken to review the Board and Committee composition to ensure                                     As at 28 February 2026, five
 Board and senior managementa)                                                                 that the appropriate balance of skills and experience are in place                                                                              of our ten Board Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               are female (50 per cent)
                                                                                               Through our in-house executive team and selected partnerships with executive search firms and market
                                                                                               intelligence organisations, we deliver a diverse range of candidates for all Director roles

 Appoint a female Director to at least one of the senior Board                                 Consideration of this topic is given as part of the succession planning process, as well as the development of our                              Bláthnaid Bergin holds a
 positions (Chair, Chief Executive, Senior Independent Director                                internal talent pipeline                                                                                                                        senior Board position as Chief
 or Chief Financial Officer)                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Officer
                                                                                               Through our in-house executive team and selected partnerships with executive search firms and market
                                                                                               intelligence organisations, we deliver a diverse range of candidates for all Director roles

 Maintain at least one Director who identifies as ethnically diverse                           Succession planning considerations ensure the balance of skills and experience on the Board to deliver on                                       One of our Board Directors
                                                                                               long-term strategy                                                                                                                              identifies as ethnically diverse
                                                                                               Through our in-house executive team and selected partnerships with executive search firms and market
                                                                                               intelligence organisations, we deliver a diverse range of candidates for all Director roles

 Assist the development of a pipeline of high calibre candidates by                            The Board continues to review the development of the pipeline of both ethnically diverse and female senior                                      Three of the seven members
 encouraging a diverse range of senior individuals within the                                  management within the business                                                                                                                  of our Operating Board
 business to take on additional responsibilities and roles to gain                                                                                                                                                                             are women
 valuable Board experience

a) The definition of ‘senior management’ in the UK Corporate Governance Code should be the Executive Committee or the first layer of management below Board level, including the Company Secretary. However, with such a large workforce, we believe including our top 180
   senior management in the scope of our targets ensures that we are focused on improving diversity in all of our most significant leadership positions and developing our pipeline of talent. Our top approx. 180 lead large teams and are critical role models in the organisation,
   playing a vital role in shaping the inclusive culture that we are working hard to create. We want all of our colleagues to see visible and diverse leaders in every part of the business.
71     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee report

                                                              standards. The Committee’s visit to Pilgrim’s, one of
                                                              the Group’s chicken suppliers, provided valuable              Committee governance                                        Priorities for next year
                                                              first‑hand insight into how our partners are                  The Committee consists of the Chair of the Board,           • Oversight of delivery of the Group’s
                                                              delivering high welfare and sustainability standards          four Non-Executive Directors and the Chief                    sustainability strategy, including progress
                                                              and reinforced the importance of long‑term                    Executive. The Committee is chaired by Keith                  towards net zero across Scope 1, 2 and 3
                                                              relationships in supporting resilience across the food        Weed, and the Company Secretary or his                      • Monitoring of regulatory and stakeholder
                                                              system.                                                       nominee acts as the Secretary of the Committee.               developments, including packaging and
                                                                                                                            Other attendees include the Chief Commercial                  extended producer responsibility
                                                              Committee changes                                             and Sustainability Officer, Director of Corporate           • Oversight of human rights and supply chain
Dear Shareholder                                              We were pleased to welcome Katie Bickerstaffe
                                                              to the Committee this year, bringing further
                                                                                                                            Affairs and Director of Sustainability.                       due diligence
                                                                                                                                                                                        • Consideration of health and resilience priorities
                                                                                                                            The Committee held four meetings in the year.
It has been a busy and purposeful                             commercial and stakeholder insight that has
                                                                                                                            Attendance at the Corporate Responsibility and
                                                                                                                                                                                          relevant to the Group’s strategy
year for the Committee as we                                  strengthened our discussions.
                                                                                                                            Sustainability Committee meetings can be found
                                                                                                                                                                                        • Oversight of sustainability‑related
                                                                                                                                                                                          performance and reporting, including year‑end
continued to oversee the delivery of                          Committee effectiveness                                       on page 55.
                                                                                                                                                                                          disclosures and forward priorities
our Plan for Better commitments.                              Following the externally facilitated effectiveness
                                                              review, I am pleased to report that the Committee
Our focus remained on ensuring that sustainability is         was found to operate effectively, with strong
firmly embedded in the delivery of the Group’s                oversight and constructive challenge.                        Key activities in 2025/26
strategy by using our scale, influence and resources                                                                       Committee activity                               Outcome
to drive positive change across the food system.              I would like to thank my Committee colleagues,               Approved the year-end results and                Provided assurance to the Board on the integrity, balance and
                                                              Jo Bertram, Katie Bickerstaffe, Jo Harlow, Simon             reporting for 2024/25                            completeness of the Group’s 2024/25 sustainability‑related
The Committee’s work this year has focused on the             Roberts and Martin Scicluna and all the members of                                                            disclosures, including approval of year‑end Corporate
sustainability foundations that underpin this –               management who attend, report to and support the                                                              Responsibility and Sustainability reporting for publication.
climate transition planning, long‑term supplier               Committee for their commitment and engagement,
partnerships and food system resilience, healthier            which has enabled the Committee to operate                   Reviewed the Plan for Better metrics and         Confirmed that the proposed Plan for Better priorities,
choices and community impact.                                 effectively over the year.                                   targets, including priorities for 2025/26        metrics and targets were appropriately aligned to the Group’s
                                                                                                                                                                            strategy and long‑term value creation and endorsed the
The Committee oversaw strong progress across our
                                                                                                                                                                            suitability of proposed sustainability‑related measures for
community programmes, including an uplift in food
                                                                                                                                                                            inclusion in executive incentive arrangements.
redistribution and more than £8.7 million raised for
Comic Relief, reinforcing our ambition to tackle food                                                                      Received regular updates on key                  Enhanced the Committee’s understanding of progress, risks
poverty and support families across the UK.                                                                                stakeholders and how they align to our           and opportunities across the value chain, including climate
                                                              Keith Weed                                                   sustainability agenda                            transition, health, responsible sourcing and human rights,
During the year we reviewed progress across                   Chair, Corporate Responsibility and                                                                           and supported the challenge and assurance the Committee
the sustainability priorities most material to the            Sustainability Committee                                                                                      provided to the Board.
business. Deep dive discussions strengthened our
understanding of how customers, investors, suppliers                                                                       Approved updates to the Committee’s              Approved updates to the Committee’s Terms of Reference,
and communities experience our sustainability                                                                              Terms of Reference                               ensuring continued clarity of remit, responsibilities and alignment
agenda and helped shape the areas of focus in the                                                                                                                           with evolving governance and regulatory expectations.
year ahead. We also continued to monitor emerging                                                                          Received updates on the Group’s packaging The Committee has clear oversight of the Plan for Better
regulation to ensure the Group remains well prepared                                                                       strategy, Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 carbon strategy, gaining clarity on priority areas of focus for the future.
for future reporting requirements.                                                                                         emissions reduction, animal health and
                                                                      Further information on the Group’s sustainability   welfare and the Group’s work on human rights
This year, the Committee has overseen our work with                    agenda can be found on pages 30 to 33 and on
farmers and suppliers to strengthen the supply of                      https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/                 Received updates on changes to UK                Considered changes in UK sustainability reporting requirements
good food, help tackle the climate, nature and labour                                                                      sustainability reporting requirements,           and received assurance on the Group’s preparedness and planned
challenges the sector faces and raise animal welfare                                                                       including on readiness and future approach       approach to future regulatory and disclosure developments.
72     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee report continued

Plan for Better                                               Specific topics considered are set out below:

Sustainability underpins our purpose - to make                 Updates on the Group’s community and partnership work, including an                   Provided oversight of the Group’s community and partnership activity, including
good food joyful, accessible and affordable for                update on the future ambition of the Group’s Comic Relief partnership                 endorsement of the strategic ambition and long‑term direction of the Comic Relief
everyone, every day – and is key to delivering our                                                                                                   partnership to maximise social impact. This work continues to reinforce the Group’s
Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy. The Committee’s                                                                                                     commitment to making good food accessible to everyone and supporting families
role is to provide oversight and challenge on any                                                                                                    across the UK.
material sustainability matters identified, advising
                                                               Discussed the approach, progress and priorities of the Group’s human rights           Reviewed the Group’s approach to human rights, gaining assurance over progress
and making recommendations to the Board where
                                                               work                                                                                  to date and clarity on priority areas of focus to support responsible business
appropriate. The Committee is satisfied that good
                                                                                                                                                     practices across the value chain.
progress continues to be made in understanding
and managing the impact of climate-related risks                                                                                                     Further information can be found on page 24 to 29.
and opportunities across the business. Further
                                                               Received updates on our approach to achieving net zero, including                     Provided oversight of the Group’s climate strategy, including net zero planning,
information can be found on pages 104 to 115.
                                                               challenges, climate transition planning and emissions reduction plans                 emissions reduction roadmaps and transition challenges, and considered the
The Committee reviewed the Plan for Better results             and roadmaps for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions                                           robustness of the approach to Scope 3 emissions reporting and disclosure.
which included the performance, targets and
                                                                                                                                                     Further information can be found on pages 104 to 115.
priorities for the upcoming year.
                                                               Reviewed the Group’s revised packaging strategy and targets                           Reviewed and provided challenge on the Group’s updated packaging strategy and
In addition, the Committee received deep dive
                                                                                                                                                     targets, ensuring they were credible, clearly articulated and aligned with wider
presentations across a number of material issues,
                                                                                                                                                     sustainability commitments.
which support the Committee in overseeing and
challenging management in the delivery of our                  Received upskill on trends and external factors in the health and nutrition           Enhanced the Committee’s understanding of emerging health and nutrition trends
sustainability targets.                                        space, discussing the implications of these on our future health strategy             and external drivers including shifting customer expectations, supporting informed
                                                                                                                                                     oversight of the Group’s future health strategy.
These sessions enhanced the Committee’s
understanding of progress, risks and opportunities             Oversaw the Group’s approach to responsible sourcing                                  Provided understanding of how the strengthening of long‑term supplier
across the value chain, including climate transition,                                                                                                partnerships support availability, resilience and high welfare standards across the
health, responsible sourcing and human rights,                                                                                                       food system.
and supported the challenge and assurance the
Committee provided to the Board.


Stakeholder engagement                                        Further details on the stakeholder updates are set out below:

The Committee considers the impact of the Plan for             Discussed the Group’s engagement with suppliers, including the results of             Gained insight into stakeholder perceptions of the Group’s sustainability
Better strategy on our key stakeholders, including             the Groceries Code Adjudicator report and the 2025 Advantage Survey                   performance and identified priority areas of focus to inform future engagement
customers, the community, suppliers, shareholders                                                                                                    and Plan for Better activity.
and government. At each Committee meeting,
                                                                                                                                                     More information on our engagement with suppliers can be found on page 27.
members discussed engagement across these
stakeholder groups, with deep dives of individual              Received updates on the government relations engagement strategy for                  Reviewed the Group’s government relations priorities and engagement approach
groups at each meeting.                                        2025/26, including key focus areas on health, food strategy, circular                 for the year ahead, providing oversight of how external policy developments and
                                                               economy and engagement with key government figures and departments                    political change are being managed and addressed.
                                                               Updated on the investor feedback on sustainability themes, the Group’s                Provided oversight of the Group’s approach to communicating sustainability
                                                               strategy for future engagement with investors on sustainability and Plan              progress to investors, ensuring messaging was clear, consistent and aligned with
                                                               for Better communication                                                              the Group’s strategic priorities and disclosures.
                                                               Reviewed customers’ expectations and perceptions across key                           Developed an improved understanding of customer expectations and perceptions
                                                               sustainability topics including health, food waste, animal welfare, plastics          across the Plan for Better pillars, helping to inform the ongoing focus and evolution
                                                               and recycling                                                                         of the Group’s sustainability priorities.

                                                                     Further information on stakeholder engagement can be found on pages 24 to 29
73     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Audit Committee report

                                                              Risk management and internal                              to consider areas of vulnerability, mitigations in place     Committee changes
                                                                                                                        and residual risk. The Committee also reviewed the
                                                              controls framework                                        outcomes of cyber testing and assurance activity
                                                                                                                                                                                     I am pleased to announce that Steve Hare joined the
                                                              The Committee reviews the effectiveness of the                                                                         Audit Committee this year, following Brian Cassin’s
                                                                                                                        during the year, including penetration testing and
                                                              Group’s risk management and internal controls                                                                          retirement from the Board in July 2025. Since joining
                                                                                                                        simulation exercises, and considered lessons learned
                                                              systems on at least an annual basis. This review                                                                       the Committee, Steve has been an active contributor,
                                                                                                                        from these activities and from external cyber incidents
                                                              covers all material controls, including financial,                                                                     bringing valuable insights and challenge.
                                                                                                                        affecting in particular the retail sector. The Committee
                                                              operational and compliance controls. The revised          provided oversight and challenge to management
                                                              Provision 29 of the UK Corporate Governance Code          on progress against agreed actions, supporting the
                                                                                                                                                                                     Committee effectiveness
                                                              2024 (the Code), which will be applicable for the Group   continued strengthening of the Group’s cyber                 I am pleased to confirm that following Manchester
Dear Shareholder                                              from 2026/27, expands on the previous requirement for     security and resilience.                                     Square Partners’ review, the Committee was found to
                                                              Boards to annually review the effectiveness of the                                                                     be operating effectively, with robust oversight of
I am pleased to present the                                   Company’s risk management and internal control            Sainsbury’s Bank                                             financial reporting, audit and risk. The Committee
                                                              systems to review the effectiveness of the risk                                                                        was seen as providing effective assurance to the
Committee’s report for the                                    management and internal control framework. The
                                                                                                                        The Committee also received regular updates in
                                                                                                                        relation to Sainsbury’s Bank, which operates its own
                                                                                                                                                                                     Board, supported by strong engagement with
year ended 28 February 2026.                                  revised provision stipulates additional reporting
                                                              requirements, including a description of how the
                                                                                                                        audit and risk committees governed by specific
                                                                                                                                                                                     management, internal audit and the external
                                                                                                                                                                                     auditor.
This report summarises                                        Board has monitored and reviewed the effectiveness
                                                              of the framework. During the year, the Committee
                                                                                                                        banking regulations.
                                                                                                                        The Committee oversaw the progress on the strategic          Looking ahead
the main matters the                                          oversaw the Group’s preparation for the revised           changes to the Group’s Financial Services business.          The Committee will continue in the coming year to
Committee considered                                          Provision 29, including the expansion of the scope of
                                                              material controls to include reporting controls and
                                                                                                                        This included the migration of Bank customers to
                                                                                                                        NatWest Group and NewDay, the sale of the travel
                                                                                                                                                                                     focus on strengthening the risk management and
                                                                                                                                                                                     internal controls framework, and on key risk areas
and how we discharged                                         overseeing a structured dry run of internal controls
                                                              assurance. The Committee received regular updates
                                                                                                                        money business to Fexco Group, the transition of Bank
                                                                                                                        ATMs to NoteMachine and the establishment of a new
                                                                                                                                                                                     including cyber security, data governance and
                                                                                                                                                                                     technology adoption.
our responsibilities during                                   on progress and reviewed the outcomes of the dry          arrangement with Allianz UK for the provision of
                                                                                                                                                                                     I would like to thank my Committee colleagues,
the year.                                                     run exercise in April 2026.
                                                              The following timeline summarises the key activities
                                                                                                                        insurance products. The Committee was satisfied that
                                                                                                                        the changes were subject to appropriate governance,          Steve Hare and Keith Weed, and all the members of
                                                                                                                        risk management and financial reporting oversight.           management who attend, report to and support the
                                                              undertaken during the year to prepare for the revised                                                                  Audit Committee for their energy and focus in enabling
The Committee has delegated authority from the Board          Provision 29 requirements and highlights the Audit
to oversee the integrity of the Group’s financial             Committee’s oversight at each stage.
                                                                                                                        External auditor                                             us to discharge our responsibilities effectively.
reporting, the risk management framework and internal                                                                   Following its formal appointment at our AGM in July
control environment. This includes an assessment of                  Further information can be found on page 74       2025, I am pleased to report that there has been a
financial reporting to confirm that it is fair, balanced                                                                smooth transition to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC)
and understandable and that matters disclosed and             Cyber security                                            as the Group’s auditor for the year ended 28 February
reported upon address the needs of our stakeholders.          Cyber security remained an important area of focus        2026. The Committee oversaw a well‑planned
During the year, the Committee has focused on                 for the Audit Committee throughout the year, given        transition to PwC, ensuring effective handover
                                                                                                                                                                                     Adrian Hennah
                                                                                                                                                                                     Chair, Audit Committee
strengthening the risk management and internal                its relevance to the Group’s operational resilience       arrangements, continuity of audit quality and robust
controls framework, overseeing the transition to the          and internal control environment. The Committee           oversight throughout the process. Ernst & Young has
Group’s new external auditor, and key risk areas              received regular updates from the Chief Information       remained in role as external auditor of Sainsbury’s
including cyber security and data governance.                 Security Officer and the Director of Data Governance      Bank, which continues to be subject to the same
                                                              and Information Security on the evolving threat           oversight by the Committee.
                                                              landscape and the Group’s approach to managing
                                                              cyber risk.
                                                              Using the National Institute of Standards and
                                                              Technology framework, the Committee monitored
                                                              the maturity of the Group’s cyber security capabilities
74      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Audit Committee report continued

Key activities in 2025/26
Committee activity                                                                                         Outcome
Reviewed the integrity of the Group’s financial reporting                                                  Advised the Board on the integrity and clarity of financial reporting, confirming that significant accounting
                                                                                                           judgements and related disclosures were appropriate and applied consistently and that the Annual Report and
                                                                                                           Financial Statements were fair, balanced and understandable.
Oversaw the continued development of the Group’s internal control environment                              Monitored and challenged management’s enhancements to the internal control framework, reviewed dry run
                                                                                                           assurance results and confirmed to the Board that visibility over key and material controls had improved in
                                                                                                           preparation for reporting on the revised Provision 29 in 2026/27.
Received updates on risk management of cyber security and data governance as principal risks, including    Provided assurance over the Group’s cyber risks and mitigating measures.
reviews of cyber resilience, testing activity and lessons learned.
Oversaw the transition to PwC as the Group’s external auditor                                              Oversaw and scrutinised the transition plan and independence safeguards, reviewed the resignation
                                                                                                           statement and handover arrangements and reported to the Board that audit quality and continuity of
                                                                                                           assurance were maintained through the change in auditor.
Reviewed the effectiveness, independence and objectivity of the external auditor                           Reviewed the audit plan, findings and non‑audit services, and confirmed to the Board that the external
                                                                                                           auditor remained independent, objective and effective.
Received regular reports from Internal Audit on audit activity, key findings and the status of             Concluded that the Internal Audit function operated effectively, with actions appropriately tracked to closure.
management actions, and assessed the effectiveness of the internal audit function.
Reviewed management’s assessment of the status of ongoing regulatory investigations and litigations        Considered management’s assessments and was satisfied that material matters were appropriately governed
                                                                                                           and reflected in financial reporting and disclosures.
Considered the Group’s principal risks and uncertainties and reviewed the implications for viability and   Reviewed principal and emerging risks, scenarios and stress testing, and supported the Board’s viability and
going concern.                                                                                             going concern assessments and related disclosures.
Received updates on the Group’s compliance with the Groceries Supply Code of Practice (“GSCOP”)            Approved the annual GSCOP compliance statement. Further information on the Group’s compliance with
                                                                                                           GSCOP can be found on page 121.
Received updates on the internal and external assurance programmes over Plan for Better metrics            Supports the Board in overseeing the integrity of the Group’s reporting of climate-related metrics.
and disclosures




     Timeline for Provision 29 preparation
                                                                                                                                                                                        Apr
      24/25                                             25/26                               25/26                                      25/26
                                                                                                                                                                                        26

     Foundations                                       Scope and design                   Oversight and challenge                     Testing readiness                               Outcomes and next steps
     (2024/25)                                         (early 2025/26)                    (2025/26)                                   (2025/26)                                       (April 2026)
     Embedded the internal controls                    Expanded controls to cover         The Audit Committee received                A structured dry run of internal                The Audit Committee reviewed
     over financial reporting (ICFR)                   material operational, compliance   regular updates and oversaw                 controls assurance was                          the dry run results and agreed
     programme and continued                           and non-financial reporting        improvements to control                     undertaken to assess readiness                  next steps in the continued
     development of the Group’s                        risks and strengthened             documentation, testing                      for revised Provision 29.                       evolution of the internal
     internal controls framework.                      IT general controls.               and effectiveness.                                                                          controls framework.
75      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                   Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Audit Committee report continued

Committee governance                                           Each Committee meeting followed a distinct agenda
                                                               to reflect the financial reporting cycle and particular
                                                                                                                           Financial reporting                                          Assessment of whether the
The members of the Committee are all independent                                                                                                                                        Annual Report is fair, balanced
                                                               matters for the Committee’s consideration.                  The integrity of the financial
Non-Executive Directors who, together, have                                                                                                                                             and understandable
experience and skills relevant to the retail sector. The       The Committee has a periodic and structured                 statements and formal                                        One of the Committee’s roles is to advise the Board
Board has determined that Adrian Hennah has recent             forward-looking planner. This is designed to ensure         announcements relating                                       that it is satisfied that the Annual Report
and relevant financial experience, and each member             that responsibilities are discharged in full during the
of the Committee has extensive general business and            year and that regulatory developments continue to           to financial performance                                     and Financial Statements are fair, balanced and
                                                                                                                           The Committee reviewed the Annual Report, the                understandable and provide the information
management experience. Following his appointment               be brought to the Committee’s attention. Meeting
                                                                                                                           preliminary and interim results, and supporting              necessary for shareholders to assess the Company’s
in July 2025, we welcomed Steve Hare to the                    content is regularly reviewed with management and
                                                                                                                           information to assist in these reviews.                      position, performance, business model and strategy.
Committee. The different and complementary skills              the external auditor, evolving to support appropriate
                                                                                                                                                                                        The external auditor supports this process.
each member brings to the Committee have helped                discussion.
ensure robust and productive discussions with                                                                              Significant financial and reporting                          In addition, the Committee:
                                                               Committee meetings are generally scheduled close
management and the external auditor.                           to Board meetings to facilitate effective and timely        matters                                                      • Reviewed the processes and controls that
The Committee members’ expertise and experience                reporting. Committee members regularly hold                 The Committee ensures that the Group’s accounting              underpin the Annual Report preparation including
is set out in each of their biographies on pages 56 to         private sessions following Committee meetings with          policies are applied correctly, including                      confirmation that the reporting team and senior
57.                                                            each of the Director of Group Audit, Risk and               implementing accounting standards, and applies                 management were fully aware of the
                                                               Resilience and the external auditor to provide an           judgements effectively. During the year, the                   requirements and their responsibilities
All our Non-Executive Directors have an open                   additional opportunity for open dialogue and                Committee reviewed items relating to pensions, tax,          • Received a draft of the Annual Report and
invitation to attend Committee meetings.                       feedback without management present. The                    going concern and viability, impairments, non-GAAP             provided feedback on it
The Committee is well supported by the Director of             Committee Chair also meets separately with the              metrics (Alternative Performance Measures), and the
                                                                                                                                                                                        • Was provided with a list of the key matters
Internal Audit, Risk and Resilience and the internal           Chief Financial Officer, Director of Group Audit, Risk      impact of the Group’s disposal of banking operations.
                                                                                                                                                                                          included in the Annual Report, highlighting both
audit team; they play an important role and their              and Resilience and external auditor on an ad hoc                                                                           positive and negative influences
work is respected throughout the business.                     basis and prior to each Committee meeting.                  Treasury funding and liquidity                               • Reviewed and discussed the key factors
                                                                                                                           The Committee assessed the business’s secured and              considered in determining whether the Report is
Regular attendees at Committee meetings include                In addition to its key areas of discussion,
                                                                                                                           unsecured borrowing facilities and their appropriateness       fair, balanced and understandable
the Chair of the Board, Chief Executive, Chief Financial       the Committee received regular updates from
                                                                                                                           in tenure and amount to Group requirements.
Officer, Director of Group Finance, Director of Internal       management in relation to key financial controls;                                                                        The Committee advised the Board that the Annual
Audit, Risk and Resilience, General Counsel and                Plan for Better sustainability metrics assurance and                                                                     Report and Financial Statements are fair, balanced
Company Secretary, Deputy Company Secretary,                   reporting; general controls; treasury; capital structure;   Assumptions and qualifications in                            and understandable, and that the Directors have
Chief Technology Officer, Chief Information Security           internal audit; and compliance. The Committee also          support of the viability and going                           provided the necessary information for our
Officer, and representatives of Sainsbury’s Bank and           received regular updates in relation to Sainsbury’s         concern statements                                           shareholders to assess the Company’s prospects,
the external auditor. Other members of management              Bank which operates its own audit and risk committees       The Committee assessed the financial projections             position and performance, business model and
and specialists attend by invitation depending on              governed by specific banking regulations.                   over three years, which continues to be an                   strategy.
the matters under discussion. The Committee held                                                                           appropriate timeframe for the statement of viability
four scheduled meetings in the year.                                                                                       as approved by the Board.
      Details of attendance at scheduled Audit Committee                                                                       More information can be found in the statement of
       meetings can be found on page 55                                                                                          viability on page 48
76     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                             Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Audit Committee report continued

Risk management, internal                                     Risk management and internal                            Strengthening oversight of internal
                                                                                                                                                                                    Provision 29 preparation:
controls and principal risks                                  control framework                                       controls and resilience
                                                              The Group has an established internal control           The 2024 Code introduced a revision to Provision 29
                                                                                                                                                                                    1.    Understanding
and uncertainties                                             framework encompassing financial, operational,          expanding on the previous requirement for Boards to           • Reviewing all material controls to assess
An effective risk management and internal control             compliance and risk management controls. This           annually review the effectiveness of the Company’s              their validity
framework is central to the delivery of the Group’s           framework supports the delivery of the Group’s          risk management and internal control framework.               • Consolidating and simplifying material controls,
strategy and the protection of long‑term value. The           strategy and the management of principal risks,         The revised Provision 29 expands on the previous                ensuring they address the Group’s principal
Board is responsible for overseeing the Group’s               with controls embedded within day‑to‑day                requirement for Boards to annually review the                   risks and are supported by key controls
approach to risk management and internal controls,            business processes and supported by Group‑wide          effectiveness of the Company’s risk management                • Identifying new material controls required
with the Audit Committee acting on its behalf.                policies, defined delegations of authority and          and internal control systems to review the                      to address new and emerging risks
                                                              training programmes.                                    effectiveness of the risk management and internal
                                                                                                                                                                                    • Updating the Board and Audit Committee
Principal risks and uncertainties                             Oversight of the framework is provided through
                                                                                                                      control framework. The revised provision expands
                                                                                                                                                                                      on key and material controls
The Group’s risk management process identifies                                                                        the definition of material controls to include
                                                              management reporting, governance committees and                                                                       • Preparation of self-attestations of how material
and reviews the principal risks and uncertainties,                                                                    reporting controls and stipulates additional reporting
                                                              independent assurance activities. The Audit Committee                                                                   controls are designed and are operating
together with emerging risks and opportunities,                                                                       requirements, including how the Board has
                                                              oversees the effectiveness and monitoring of the                                                                      Led by:
facing the Group. These are considered alongside the                                                                  monitored and reviewed the effectiveness of the
                                                              Group’s internal controls on behalf of the Board,                                                                     Corporate Governance Reform Steering Committee
assumptions, scenarios and actions underpinning                                                                       framework, a declaration of effectiveness of the
                                                              including the remediation of any identified
the Group’s corporate plans to ensure that risks                                                                      material controls and a description of any material
                                                              weaknesses.                                                                                                           2. Testing/challenge
are understood in the context of strategy and                                                                         controls which have not operated effectively as
                                                                                                                      at the balance sheet date and any actions taken.              • Risk analysis of key and material controls
future prospects.                                             Key financial controls and                              Companies are expected to report against the revised          • Independent testing of controls and assumptions
During the year, the Audit Committee reviewed the             IT general controls                                     Provision 29 for financial years starting on or after           to identify opportunities for improvement
Group’s risk register, principal and emerging risks           During the year, the Committee oversaw the              1 January 2026.
and related mitigation strategies. Particular focus                                                                                                                                 Led by:
                                                              effectiveness of the Group’s key financial controls                                                                   Corporate Governance Reform Steering Committee
was given to prioritised risks and movements in risk                                                                  In line with FRC expectations, and to assess
                                                              and IT general controls as part of its preparation
profile, and to ensuring that the principal risks                                                                     compliance with the revised Provision 29, management
                                                              for the revised Provision 29 of the UK Corporate                                                                      3. Judgement
remain aligned to the Next Level Sainsbury’s                                                                          has undertaken a review of the risk management
                                                              Governance Code. The Committee monitored the
strategy. As part of this review, detailed scenario                                                                   and internal control framework and carried out                • Reviewing findings, assessing their
                                                              internal control environment and the
analysis was undertaken, including stress testing                                                                     a structured ‘dry run’ of the effectiveness of all              significance and ensuring appropriate actions
                                                              implementation of management actions to further
of liquidity as part of the Group’s resilience and                                                                    material controls, including financial, operational,            are taken where issues are identified
                                                              strengthen the Group’s financial reporting systems.
viability assessment.                                                                                                 reporting and compliance controls. This work focused          Led by:
                                                              The internal controls over financial reporting (ICFR)   on identifying the Group’s key and material controls,         Operating Board
The Board considers that the principal risks and              programme, sponsored by the Chief Executive and         assessing their design and operation and enhancing
uncertainties disclosed in the Strategic Report               Chief Financial Officer, continued to support the       the consistency of documentation and oversight                4. Confirmation/confidence
represent those risks that could have a material              identification, documentation and assessment of         across the Group.
impact on the Group’s business model, strategy,                                                                                                                                     • Drawing together evidence to form a balanced
                                                              key and material controls, including IT general                                                                         view on the effectiveness of the internal
performance, solvency or liquidity, and that they                                                                     The dry run review was designed to strengthen
                                                              controls. The Committee received regular updates                                                                        control framework
provide a balanced and understandable view of                                                                         governance, improve consistency of oversight, and
                                                              on progress, the outcomes of control testing and
the Group’s risk profile.                                                                                             support the Board’s future Provision 29 disclosures.          Led by:
                                                              third‑party reviews, and reviewed management’s
                                                                                                                      The outcomes of this review were presented to the             Audit Committee, with conclusion and approval
                                                              actions to address any issues identified.
                                                                                                                      Audit Committee throughout 2025/26, with the                  by the Board
                                                                                                                      results of the dry run provided to the Audit
                                                                                                                      Committee in April 2026.
77      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Audit Committee report continued

Risk management, internal                                      Reports from the audit and risk                            External audit                                               The Committee received a report on the non-audit
                                                                                                                                                                                       services provided. The annual aggregate of non-audit
controls and principal risks                                   committees of Sainsbury’s Bank,                            Scope of the external audit plan and                         fees is capped at 70 per cent of the annual average of
and uncertainties continued                                    including risk and compliance                              fee proposal                                                 the audit fees for the business for the preceding
                                                               reporting processes                                        The Committee reviewed PwC’s overall work plan,              three-year period.
Strengthening oversight of internal                            Sainsbury’s Bank plc is a subsidiary of the Company,       and, through regular communication, advised PwC
                                                                                                                                                                                       The non-audit work undertaken by PwC during
                                                                                                                          of any specific matters which the Committee was
controls and resilience continued                              with an independent board responsible for setting
                                                                                                                          considering from previous audits and current
                                                                                                                                                                                       2025/26 related principally to the renewal of the Euro
                                                               the Bank’s strategy, risk appetite and annual business                                                                  MTN (EMTN) Programme. The total non-audit fees
As a result of this work, the Audit Committee gained                                                                      operations. The Committee approved PwC’s
                                                               plan. It has an independent Chair and five Non-Executive                                                                were £0.1 million. The audit fees for the year in
improved visibility of the Group’s key and material                                                                       remuneration and terms of engagement.
                                                               Directors, four of which are independent. The Bank                                                                      respect of the Group and subsidiaries were £3.2
controls and how they operate in practice. The review
                                                               Chief Executive Officer and Bank Chief Financial           Independence and objectivity                                 million. A breakdown of the fees is provided in note
identified opportunities to simplify certain controls,
                                                               Officer also sit on the Bank’s board. The Bank’s Chief                                                                  8.4 of the consolidated financial statements.
strengthen documentation and improve consistency                                                                          The independence and objectivity of the External
                                                               Executive Officer, supported by the Bank’s Executive
of control ownership. Management actions are                                                                              Audit function is a fundamental safeguard to the             Effectiveness and quality of external audit
                                                               Committee, is responsible for day-to-day management
underway and the Audit Committee will continue                                                                            interests of the Company’s shareholders. Ernst & Young
                                                               of the business. The Director of Group Finance is a                                                                     The Committee considers the effectiveness of the
to monitor progress during 2026/27.                                                                                       (EY) had been the Company’s auditor since July 2015.
                                                               Non-Executive Director of Sainsbury’s Bank and a                                                                        external auditor on an ongoing basis during the year,
                                                                                                                          Following a tender process, the Committee recommended
As part of the review, control owners completed                member of the Bank’s Audit and Risk Committees,                                                                         including its independence, objectivity, appropriate
                                                                                                                          appointing PwC. Following approval by shareholders
self‑attestations on the design and operation of key           which provides the Group Audit Committee with                                                                           mindset and professional scepticism. The Committee
                                                                                                                          at the 2025 AGM, PwC was appointed as the Group’s
and material controls. These were subject to risk‑based        another line of sight on activities within the Bank.                                                                    has regard to the:
                                                                                                                          auditor for the year ending 28 February 2026. The
review and independent challenge. The Audit
                                                               The Chairs of the Bank’s Audit and Risk Committees,        Committee approved the appointment of Simon                  • Experience and expertise of the external auditor
Committee considered the findings, the significance
                                                               the Bank’s Chief Executive Officer, the Bank’s Chief       Morley as the PwC partner for 2025/26.                       • Quality of their direct communication with, and
of any issues identified and the actions agreed to
                                                               Financial Officer and the Bank’s Chief Risk Officer                                                                       support to, the Committee
address them and the Board was kept informed
                                                               attended meetings of the Committee and provided
                                                                                                                          Non-audit services and fees
throughout the process.                                                                                                                                                                • Content, insights and value of their reports
                                                               updates on critical accounting judgements and              The Committee has overseen the Company’s policy
                                                                                                                          which restricts the engagement of its external auditors      • Fulfilment of the agreed external audit plan
The Audit Committee considers that this work                   estimates, important operating and regulatory
                                                                                                                          in relation to non-audit services. The intention is to       • Robustness and perceptiveness of the external
provides a robust foundation for the Board’s future            matters, operational resilience and capability, the
                                                                                                                          ensure that the provision of such services does not            auditor in its handling of key accounting and audit
reporting under Provision 29 and supports the Board’s          control framework and environment, and key risks.
                                                                                                                          impact on the external auditor’s independence and              judgements
ongoing assessment of the effectiveness of the Group’s         The Committee received regular updates on the
risk management and internal control framework.                continued progress to exit the core banking services       objectivity. It identifies certain types of engagement       • Interaction between management and the external
                                                               and streamline the Financial Services proposition,         that the external auditor shall not undertake, including       auditor, including ensuring that management
      For further information on the Group’s risk
                                                               including the agreements with Allianz UK on car and        internal audit and actuarial and other services relating       dedicates sufficient time to the audit process
       management approach on pages 40 to 47                                                                              to the preparation of accounting estimates for the
                                                               home insurance and a new partnership with                                                                               • Provision of non-audit services
                                                               NatWest. There is regular communication between            financial statements. It requires that individual            • Evaluation of the effectiveness of the external auditor
                                                               Sainsbury’s Internal Audit function and its equivalent     engagements above a certain fee level may only               • Other relevant UK professional and
                                                               within the Bank.                                           be undertaken with pre-approval from the Committee             regulatory requirements
                                                                                                                          or, if urgent, from the Chair of the Committee and
                                                                                                                          ratified at the subsequent meeting of the Committee.
                                                                                                                          It recognises that there are some types of work where
                                                                                                                          a detailed knowledge of the Company’s business is
                                                                                                                          advantageous. The policy is designed to ensure that
                                                                                                                          the auditor is only appointed to provide a non-audit
                                                                                                                          service where it is considered to be the most suitable
                                                                                                                          supplier of that service.
78     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                           Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Audit Committee report continued

Audit effectiveness review                                                                                           Internal audit plan                                       Other
An audit effectiveness review will be undertaken in the early part of 2026/27 following the conclusion of PwC’s      Internal Audit’s activity is primarily driven by the
first year as the Group’s auditor. This effectiveness review is planned to be undertaken as follows:                 internal audit plan, which is agreed each half year,      Significant issues raised through
Questionnaires                                                  Analysis                  Discussion
                                                                                                                     ensuring it reflects the key risks the Group faces,       the whistleblowing process
                                                                                                                     governance frameworks, management structures              The Committee received updates at each meeting on
Questionnaires will be distributed to those Directors           Management will           The results of the         and operations. The scope of the internal audit plan      any significant whistleblowing matters. The Committee
and managers in the business directly involved in the           collate the responses     review will be             and subsequent amendments were reviewed by                Chair receives earlier notification of matters that may
audit. The questionnaires will seek feedback on their           and report back to the    discussed and              the Committee.                                            develop into a significant incident. No whistleblowing
experience with the external auditor, considering areas         Board and the Audit       feedback will be
                                                                                                                                                                               matters in the year resulted in a significant incident.
such as the knowledge and experience of the audit               Committee.                provided to the            Effectiveness of the Internal
team, audit strategy and planning, and the quality                                        external auditor.                                                                    All issues were escalated to the relevant manager
of communication.
                                                                                                                     Audit function                                            for investigation.
                                                                                                                     In line with the Internal Audit Charter, Committee
An audit effectiveness review of EY’s performance as external auditor for 2024/25 was completed in the early
part of the financial year. The Committee concluded that EY remained effective, objective and independent in
                                                                                                                     Terms of Reference and the recommendations of             Data governance
                                                                                                                     the Institute of Internal Auditors, the Committee
its role as external auditor. Outcomes of the effectiveness review were communicated to EY.                          conducts an annual assessment of the effectiveness        and information security
                                                                                                                     of Internal Audit, including the internal audit           Updates on the data governance and information
The Committee has confirmed compliance with the provisions of the Statutory Audit Services Order 2014.                                                                         security programme were provided at each meeting
                                                                                                                     resources, work programme and results. The Director
                                                                                                                     of Group Audit, Risk and Resilience provides an           of the Committee during the year, including updates
                                                                                                                     annual overview of Internal Audit’s performance to        on strategic risks, third-party assurance, cyber
                                                                                                                     the Audit Committee including key performance             security, the plan for legacy assets, access controls
                                                                                                                     indicators and stakeholder feedback. Areas for            and security.

Transition to PwC as external auditor                         Internal audit                                         improvement and actions required are highlighted
                                                                                                                     and are used to assist in reviewing the effectiveness     Ongoing material litigation
PwC was formally appointed at our AGM in July 2025.
                                                                                                                     of Internal Audit. The Committee concluded that           The Committee is appraised on all material litigation
As this fell part way through the financial year,             Director of Group Audit,                               Internal Audit continued to be effective.                 and potential impacts on financial reporting
EY provided a statutory statement upon resignation            Risk and Resilience                                                                                              disclosures. These are also provided to the Board.
confirming that the resignation followed the tender           The Director of Group Audit, Risk and Resilience
and that no matters were required to be brought               reports to the Committee Chair and has direct access
to the attention of shareholders or creditors. The            to all members of the Committee. The purpose,
Committee reviewed this statement and was                     authority and responsibility of Internal Audit are
satisfied that the change in auditor did not indicate         defined in the Internal Audit Charter, which the
any concerns regarding the integrity of the Group’s           Committee reviews annually.
financial reporting, internal controls or
management behaviours.                                        Management’s responsiveness
To ensure a smooth transition, the Committee                  to Internal Audit’s findings
monitored the handover arrangements between the
two firms, including the transfer of prior year audit
                                                              and recommendations
insights, accounting policy considerations and matters        Internal Audit plays an integral role in our
arising from the outgoing auditor’s interim review            governance structure and provides regular reports to
procedures. This process was designed to maintain             the Committee on the effectiveness of governance,
continuity and uphold audit quality during                    systems, processes and controls across the Group.
the transition.                                               The Committee was provided with updates
                                                              on Internal Audit’s findings, key agreed actions and
                                                              the status of all actions at each meeting.
79     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                       Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Audit Committee report continued

Significant financial reporting matters and judgements
Set out below are the most significant financial reporting matters considered by the Committee during the year, including how we challenged the key decisions and the conclusions we reached. In each case, the Committee
concluded that the accounting treatment and related disclosures were appropriate.


 Areas of focus                                                                                                 Actions taken
 Presentation of financial statements                                                                           The Committee considers it important to take account of both the statutory measures and the APMs when
                                                                                                                reviewing these financial statements.
 The Group uses Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) and includes additional disclosures, including
 reconciliations to statutory measures.                                                                         In particular, items excluded from underlying results were reviewed by the Committee and, after challenging
                                                                                                                management and in consultation with the external auditor, it is satisfied that the presentation of these items is
       See pages 203 to 206                                                                                    clear, applied consistently across years and that the level of disclosure is appropriate. The net non-underlying
                                                                                                                charge this year was £128 million (2025 restated: £325 million). Excluded items are detailed on pages 153 to 155.
       See note 5, non-underlying items, on pages 153 to 155
                                                                                                                The most significant items relate to costs associated with retail restructuring programmes.
                                                                                                                The Committee gave particular attention to ensure the Group’s APMs are not presented in ways that give them
                                                                                                                greater prominence than amounts stemming from the financial statements; that specific, tailored explanations
                                                                                                                for the inclusion of individual APMs are provided; and that APMs are reconciled to the most directly reconcilable
                                                                                                                line items.

 Pensions accounting                                                                                            The Committee reviewed a summary of the actuarial assumptions used in arriving at the valuation for the
                                                                                                                defined benefit pension scheme and was satisfied that they are reasonable.
 The Group’s balance sheet shows a pension surplus of £525 million, which comprises £6,371 million of assets
 and £(5,846) million of liabilities, which relate to the Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme, plus three unfunded       In particular, the Committee reviewed the financial impact of discount, inflation and mortality rates and
 pension liabilities for former senior employees of Sainsbury’s and Home Retail Group. This compares to a net   related sensitivities.
 surplus in the prior year of £731 million.

       See note 33, retirement benefit obligations, on pages 186 to 187


 Going concern and viability                                                                                    The Committee undertook a detailed review of the financial liquidity of the business over the formal viability
                                                                                                                assessment period of three years, and made further enquiries beyond this timeframe, taking into account
 Going concern and viability projections are produced bi-annually and monitored regularly.
                                                                                                                cash flows, current levels of debt and the availability of future finance. The viability assessment was discussed
       See statement of viability on page 48
                                                                                                                by the Committee in March 2026 and scenarios to be stress tested through the business’s corporate plan were
                                                                                                                agreed. The outcomes of scenarios, stress tests and further enquiries were discussed and concluded in April 2026.
80    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Audit Committee report continued

 Areas of focus                                                                                                  Actions taken
 Climate change disclosures                                                                                      The Committee challenged and reviewed the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, in particular
                                                                                                                 the qualitative and quantitative scenario analysis performed, our transition plan and cross-industry metrics.
 With the impacts of climate change being felt around the world, we understand the important role we can
 play, not only in managing the impacts of climate change on our business but also to help reduce the impact     The Committee is satisfied that appropriate consideration and disclosure have been given to the impacts of
 of the food system on our environment. Consideration has been given to the impact of both physical and          climate change on the Group’s financial statements.
 transition climate change risks, and how these impact the financial statements.

      See pages 104 to 115 for our TCFD report


 Contingent liabilities                                                                                          The Committee further considered management’s assessment of the status of ongoing regulatory
                                                                                                                 investigations and litigation, its classification of these as contingent liabilities and the associated disclosure.
 The Group is exposed to a wide range of applicable laws, regulations as well commitments arising from past
 events. Along with other retailers, the Group is currently subject to claims from current and ex-employees in
 the Employment Tribunal for equal pay under the Equality Act 2010 and/or the Equal Pay Act 1970.

      See note 36, contingent liabilities, on page 193 for further details


 Prior period restatements                                                                                       The Committee reviewed the accounting for, and disclosure of, prior year restatements in relation to deferred
                                                                                                                 tax and balance sheet re-presentations.
 The prior year financial statements have been restated to incorporate the deferred tax impact arising from a
 misclassification of qualifying assets as non-qualifying for tax purposes and an omission of the tax effects
 of impairment and disposal.Comparative period amounts of certain balance sheet line items have also been
 re-presented, with no impact on net assets.

      See note 2, basis of preparation and consolidation, on page 140 for further details
81     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Annual statement from the Remuneration Committee Chair

                                                              Our front-line colleagues play a vital role in delivering
                                                              for our customers every day and rewarding them well          2026/27 remuneration                                         Committee governance
                                                              continues to be a priority. This year, we have again         • Continued above inflation investment in                    The Committee during the year comprised of Jo
                                                              chosen to invest in an above inflation pay increase            colleagues – retail hourly paid colleagues across          Harlow (Chair), Tanuj Kapilashrami and Adrian
                                                              for hourly paid colleagues. We have increased pay              both Sainsbury’s and Argos moved from £12.60 to            Hennah. All members of the Committee are
                                                              by 42 per cent in the last five years, demonstrating           £13.23 per hour and £13.85 to £14.54 per hour for          independent Non-Executive Directors. Nick Grant,
                                                              our commitment to supporting our colleagues’                   those based in London effective 29 March 2026              General Counsel and Company Secretary, acts as
                                                              wellbeing and success with competitive rates of pay          • Chief Executive awarded a three per cent pay               secretary to the Committee. Martin Scicluna, Simon
                                                              complemented by a strong benefits package.                     increase, below the five per cent increase for             Roberts, the Chief People Officer, the Director of
Dear Shareholder                                              The Remuneration Committee continues to take a                 retail hourly paid colleagues                              Reward and the Director of Group Finance are
                                                                                                                                                                                        invited to attend Committee meetings either fully or
                                                              balanced and responsible approach to executive pay,          • Chief Financial Officer awarded a six per cent
As we enter the final year of our                             taking all stakeholder perspectives into consideration.        pay increase, reflecting her pivotal role in the           partially.
Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy,                              When making its decisions this year, the Committee             successful sale of the Bank and her exceptional            The Committee held five scheduled meetings in the
we look back on two years of strong                           has carefully considered the appropriateness of                performance and contribution since her                     year. The Committee has a calendar of standard
                                                              incentive outturns in the context of the strong results        appointment
performance, in which we have                                 that have been delivered. During 2025, the Committee         • The Committee reviewed the Long-Term
                                                                                                                                                                                        items within its remit and in addition it held
                                                                                                                                                                                        in-depth discussions on specific topics, in particular
delivered a winning combination                               carried out a review of the Remuneration Policy and            Incentive Plan and updated the targets to                  the review of the Remuneration Policy during 2025.
of value, quality, availability and                           our revised Policy is set out in this report.                  ensure it remains aligned to our Next Level
                                                                                                                                                                                        The Committee’s composition, responsibilities and
service. The Remuneration                                                                                                    Sainsbury’s strategy
                                                                                                                                                                                        operation comply with the principles of good
Committee is focused on ensuring                              Colleague engagement                                         • The 2026 Leaders’ Share Award will measure
                                                                                                                                                                                        governance as set out in the UK Corporate
that executive remuneration reflects                          and oversight                                                  performance over the next three years against
                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance Code, the Listing Rules and the
                                                              The Remuneration Committee considers pay and                   our eight performance commitments (with 70
                                                                                                                                                                                        Companies Act 2006. The Terms of Reference for the
the results that have been delivered                          conditions in the wider organisation when making               per cent subject to financial performance and
                                                                                                                                                                                        Committee are available on the Company’s website.
and continues to drive performance                            executive pay decisions. The Committee considers               30 per cent subject to strategic indicators)

against our strategic goals.                                  oversight of pay arrangements across Sainsbury’s to
                                                              be an important element of its remit. An update on          latest increase continues the significant investment       Executive remuneration in 2025/26
                                                              recent reward activity and colleague pay and benefits       we’ve been making in colleague pay over the last           The Committee carefully assesses performance to
The Remuneration Committee has been pleased by the
                                                              initiatives, along with an overview of colleague            few years and reflects the vital role our frontline        ensure that incentive outcomes are a true and fair
delivery against our Next Level Sainsbury’s goals,
                                                              feedback gathered from a range of communications            colleagues play in delivering for customers every day.     reflection of the underlying performance of the
including winning grocery market share and reaching
                                                              channels, is provided at every meeting. The Chair and       Our front-line managers will receive a three per cent      business and aligned to the experience of
our highest volume market share in ten years. The
                                                              I meet with colleagues each year to understand their        salary increase effective 24 May 2026.                     shareholders and other stakeholders.
business has delivered a strong set of financial results
                                                              views on executive pay and provide them with greater        Our benefits play an important role in our total
and shareholder returns in 2025/26. Highlights are                                                                                                                                   The Committee is satisfied that the total remuneration
                                                              insight into the way that we structure our executive        reward package, which includes a generous pension,
underlying retail operating profit of £1,025 million,                                                                                                                                for Executive Directors in respect of 2025/26 reflects
                                                              remuneration package. Non-Executive Directors spend         colleague discount, free food in stores and depots,
alongside retail free cash flow generation of £574                                                                                                                                   performance over the period and the progress that
                                                              time in stores and participate in colleague listening       salary advance and savings products and the
million and good progress towards our target to deliver                                                                                                                              has been made against our Next Level Sainsbury’s
                                                              events where they can hear our colleagues’ perspectives     opportunity for colleagues to share in the Company’s
£1 billion of cost savings by March 2027. We continue to                                                                                                                             strategic goals.
                                                              on their pay and working life at Sainsbury’s.               success through our all-employee share schemes.
deliver strong cash returns for shareholders. In addition
to ordinary dividends of £316 million in the year,
we returned £300 million of additional proceeds,
                                                              In March 2025, our base rates of pay for our national       The Committee reviews the Company’s progress in            Annual bonus
                                                              Sainsbury’s and Argos Retail, Travel Money and LFC          closing its gender and ethnicity pay gaps. Our mean        Profit accounts for 50 per cent of the overall bonus, with
following the disposal of our banking operations, via a       colleagues increased to £12.45 per hour, and to £13.70      gender pay gap is 6.6 per cent (down from 7.5 per          20 per cent based on retail free cash flow and 30 per
special dividend of 11.0 pence per share in December          per hour for our London colleagues. These were further      cent last year), alongside a small increase to the         cent based on a strategic scorecard. The profit element
and through the addition of £50 million to our core £200      increased in August 2025, to £12.60 per hour nationally     median pay gap to 6.5 per cent (from 6.1 per cent),        outturn is 75 per cent of maximum, with a maximum
million share buyback programme. The proposed full-           and to £13.85 per hour in London. We made another           both of which remain well below the UK average. Our        outturn of 100 per cent for retail free cash flow.
year dividend of 13.7 pence , up 0.7 per cent year-on         above inflation investment in colleague pay in March        ethnicity pay gap has remained broadly stable, with
-year, builds on the strong returns made to shareholders      2026, taking our base rate for hourly paid colleagues to    the mean in favour of ethnically diverse colleagues at
over the past few years.                                      £13.23 nationally and to £14.54 in our London stores,       -3.3 per cent from -3.4 per cent last year.
                                                              ahead of the National Living Wage. At five per cent, this
82     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                      Strategic Report   Governance Report      Financial Statements


Annual statement from the Remuneration Committee Chair continued

Annual bonus continued                                        between threshold and target. Grocery market share         in private equity-backed and both listed and                     Our long-term incentive awards are aligned to the eight
The strategic scorecard (30 per cent of the overall           and the customer element also outperformed the             privately-owned international players. The market in             key performance indicators that we have used to
bonus) is made up of customer metrics, colleague              stretch target, with a strong performance delivered        which we compete for talent therefore extends                    monitor our progress since 2021, with the weightings
metrics and individual strategic objectives. The              in colleague engagement.                                   beyond other FTSE 100 companies. Notwithstanding                 and metrics unchanged from last year. For the 2026
Committee considered performance across all                                                                              the context of our sector, the Committee is setting              Leaders’ Share Award, 70 per cent of the Executive
                                                              Despite progress across our Plan for Better
elements to determine the outturn.                                                                                       the increased Long-Term Incentive Plan headroom                  Directors’ award vests subject to delivery of targets
                                                              commitments, the stretching Scope 1 and plastics
                                                                                                                         broadly in line with the current award levels for                against the four financial metrics (EPS, cost savings,
During the year, significant progress was made                reduction targets set for the 2023 Leaders’ Share
                                                                                                                         UK-listed companies of our size. We have not                     retail free cash flow and ROCE), each with a weighting of
against our customer and colleague metrics. In                Award were not achieved. For Scope 3, vesting has
                                                                                                                         benchmarked ourselves against larger and more                    17.5 per cent, and the remaining 30 per cent will pay out
addition the Committee concluded that both                    been based on our progress towards the WWF
                                                                                                                         global FTSE 100 companies.                                       based on performance against the four strategic
executive directors delivered exceptional                     retailer requirements, which have evolved since the
                                                                                                                                                                                          indicators (volume market share, customer, colleague
performance as demonstrated by both the strong                targets were originally set. We have been working          The Committee believes that these changes are
                                                                                                                                                                                          and Plan for Better), each with a weighting of 7.5 per
financial results, market share gains and substantial         with our suppliers in alignment with the WWF               consistent with our closest retail competitors and
                                                                                                                                                                                          cent. The Committee has reviewed the performance
returns to shareholders. These achievements were              requirements, with 51.6 per cent of emissions now          relatively conservative. It is in our shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                                                          metrics and targets to ensure they remain appropriate
delivered notwithstanding a number of challenging             covered by suppliers with any 1.5 degree SBTi targets      interests that we have sufficient flexibility to be able
                                                                                                                                                                                          and stretching. Given the conflict in the Middle East, the
external headwinds. In this context the strategic             (near term or net zero) approved by the end of             to respond to the strategic needs of the business over
                                                                                                                                                                                          Committee may need to apply judgement in assessing
scorecard paid out at 29 per cent out of 30 per cent          2025/26. Assessing our performance on this basis,          the life of the policy. We consulted with major
                                                                                                                                                                                          the final performance outcomes for both incentives.
for both executive directors.                                 the overall outturn under the Plan for Better element      shareholders regarding these changes in February 2026,
                                                              was 10.7 per cent of maximum.                              with feedback being overwhelmingly supportive. The               As in prior years, the 2026 award level for the Chief
This results in an overall bonus of 86.5 per cent of the                                                                 Committee is grateful to our shareholders who engaged            Executive is 250 per cent of salary, and 225 per cent
maximum for both Simon Roberts and Bláthnaid                         Further detail is set out on page 96
                                                                                                                         with us and shared their invaluable feedback during              of salary for the Chief Financial Officer.
Bergin, of which 50 per cent will be deferred into                                                                       the consultation process
shares for two years.                                         Review of Remuneration Policy                                                                                               Committee effectiveness
     Further detail is set out on pages 94 and 95.
                                                              The Committee undertook a thorough review of               2026/27 remuneration                                             Following the externally facilitated effectiveness
                                                              the current Remuneration Policy during 2025 in             The Committee considered the pay of the wider                    review, I am pleased to report that the Committee
                                                              preparation for the presentation of the Policy for
Long-Term Incentive Plan –                                    shareholder approval at the 2026 AGM, in line with
                                                                                                                         workforce and senior management when determining
                                                                                                                         the pay review for Executive Directors this year. It
                                                                                                                                                                                          was found to operate to a high standard, with
                                                                                                                                                                                          effective oversight and a thorough approach.
2023 Leaders’ Share Award                                     the normal three year renewal cycle.                       awarded Simon Roberts a three per cent pay increase
The 2023 Leaders’ Share Award was aligned to the              The Committee considered the latest proxy                  effective 24 May 2026, taking his base salary to £1,039,177.     Closing remarks
delivery of our Food First strategy and the eight key         guidelines and guidance and the views of our major         This is below the five per cent increase awarded to retail       Our revised Remuneration Policy is laid out on pages
metrics that we used to track our progress.                   investors, alongside the views of management               hourly paid colleagues and in line with the pay increase         87 to 93, together with summaries of how we have
For Executive Directors, 80 per cent of the plan was          and advice from our remuneration advisers. The             awarded to other senior management roles. Recognising            implemented and plan to implement the Policy in
based on the four key financial measures (retail free         Committee determined that, overall, the current            her role in maximising shareholder value through the             2025/26 and 2026/27. We hope that the disclosure
cash flow, ROCE, EPS and cost reduction). Targets             Policy continues to be appropriate and concluded           highly successful winding down of our banking                    provided in this report provides clear insight into the
were set in April 2023.                                       that only small amendments need to be made to              operations, together with the transfer of ongoing                Committee’s decisions and that you will all support
                                                              ensure the Committee has the flexibility to respond        financial services into the Sainsbury’s business, along          the resolution to vote for the revised Policy and this
The remaining 20 per cent of the plan was subject to          when required during the life of the next policy.          with the expansion in her role since her appointment             report at the forthcoming AGM.
key strategic indicators (market share, customer,                                                                        and her significant contribution as CFO, Bláthnaid
colleague and Plan for Better). Bláthnaid Bergin’s            The changes proposed are an increase to the                Bergin has been awarded a six per cent pay increase              The Remuneration Committee has a clear commitment to
2023 award is the first granted following her                 maximum award available under the Long-Term                effective 24 May 2026, taking her base salary to £738,057.       rewarding our Executive Directors for acting in the interest
appointment to the Board.                                     Incentive Plan from 250 per cent to 300 per cent and                                                                        of all our stakeholders, including our shareholders, and for
                                                              the ability to reduce but not remove entirely the level    The Committee determined that the performance                    delivering results that are aligned with our Company’s
The Committee determined that this award should               of compulsory bonus deferral for executives who            framework and weightings for the 2026/27 annual                  strategic goals and values.
vest at 72.5 per cent of maximum.                             have met their shareholding requirement. Neither           bonus should remain unchanged from last year, with
This outturn is a result of strong retail free cash flow      change will be implemented during the coming year.         50 per cent of the bonus to be paid out in cash and
performance above the stretch target, ROCE and cost                                                                      the remaining 50 per cent to be deferred into shares
                                                              We operate in a fast moving and competitive talent         for a further two years.
reduction between target and stretch, with EPS                market. The retail sector (and food retail specifically)
                                                              has been reshaped in recent years with an increase
                                                                                                                                                                                          Jo Harlow
                                                                                                                                                                                          Chair, Remuneration Committee
83     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report           Governance Report        Financial Statements


Summary of 2025/26 remuneration

Pay element               2025/26 decisions
Salary                  • Chief Executive, Simon Roberts – £1,008,910 and Chief Financial Officer, Bláthnaid
Three per cent increase   Bergin – £696,280                                                                                 Total remuneration for 2025/26
for Executive Directors • A three per cent salary increase was awarded to Simon Roberts and to Bláthnaid                    Chief Executive – Simon Roberts                                                         Chief Financial Officer – Bláthnaid Bergin
(below that of            Bergin from 25 May 2025, which was below the five per cent increase for retail
colleagues)                                                                                                                                                   £75                                                                        £52
                          hourly paid colleagues, and in line with the pay review for senior management
                                                                                                                           2025/26                 £1,002           £1,907           £2,427         Total £5,431   2025/26        £692          £1,077            £1,508       Total £3,347
                                                                                                                                                          £20                                                                        £18
Annual bonus              • The 2025/26 bonus outturn was 86.5 per cent of the maximum for both Simon
Award of 86.5 per cent of   Roberts and Bláthnaid Bergin                                                                                                      £73                                                                        £50
maximum for both Chief •    The profit element paid out at 37.5 per cent (out of 50 per cent)                              2024/25                     £971         £1,948           £2,168        Total £5,179    2024/25        £670         £1,100      £424 Total £2,263
Executive and CFO         • The retail free cash flow element paid out at 20 per cent (out of 20 per cent)                                                   £19                                                                     £19
                          • The Committee determined an outturn at maximum of 29 per cent (out of 30 per
                                                                                                                                                  £0      £1,000 £2,000 £3,000 £4,000 £5,000 £6,000                          £0           £1,000         £2,000      £3,000      £4,000
                            cent) for the strategic scorecard which reflected outcomes against customer and
                            colleague related metrics and progress towards individual annual objectives for                                                                  £000s                                                                       £000s
                            both Simon Roberts and Bláthnaid Bergin                                                                                Salary             Benefits         Pension            Annual bonus                   LTIP
Maximum                                        50%                               20%                      30%
opportunity                                                                                                                 Shareholding guidelines (audited information)
Actual % of                                                                                                                 Simon Roberts was appointed in 2020 and has met his guideline of three times salary.
                                       37.5%                                     20%                     29%
maximum                                                                                                                     Bláthnaid Bergin was appointed at the start of the 2023/24 financial year and has met her guideline of two times salary.
                              Profit                                   Further details of the bonus measures and
                              Retail free cash flow                     outturn can be found on pages 94 and 95.                                  2,500              8.2 x salary
                              Strategic scorecard
                                                                                                                                                  2,250
Long-Term                • Financial metrics (each with a 20 per cent weighting): Maximum payout under the
Incentive Plan (LTIP):     retail free cash flow element, with a strong performance on ROCE and cost                                              2,000
2023 Leaders’              reduction, with EPS between threshold and target
Share Award              • Strategic indicators (each with a five per cent weighting): Maximum payout under                                       1,750




                                                                                                                         Number of shares (000)
Vesting at 72.5 per cent   the market share element, with strong customer and colleague performance and
of maximum                                                                                                                                        1,500
                           a threshold payout for Scope 3 under the Plan for Better element
                         • This results in a vesting outturn of 72.5 per cent of maximum                                                          1,250

Maximum                                                                                                                                           1,000
                               20%                    20%              20%                  20%         5% 5% 5% 5%
opportunity
                                                                                                                                                   750
Actual % of                                                                                                                                                                                   2.4 x salary
                               20%              14.5%            10%                      13%           5% 5% 4%
maximum                                                                                                             1%
                                                                                                                                                   500
                              Retail free cash flow                               Market share
                                                                                                                                                   250
                              ROCE                                                Customer
                              EPS                                                 Colleague                                                              0
                              Cost reduction                                      Plan for Better                                                                   Simon Roberts        Bláthnaid Bergin

                          Further details of the LTIP outturn can be found on page 96.                                                            Shareholding                  Share awards                Guideline
84     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                        Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Summary of 2026/27 remuneration

Pay element                     Executive Directors                                                                                                                    Other colleague groups
Salary                          • Chief Executive, Simon Roberts – £1,039,177 effective 24 May 2026 (three per cent salary increase), below the five per        • Five per cent increase in March 2026 for retail hourly paid colleagues
                                  cent award agreed for retail hourly paid colleagues                                                                           • Three per cent increase for management effective 24 May 2026
                                • Chief Financial Officer, Bláthnaid Bergin – £738,057 effective 24 May 2026 (six per cent salary increase) in recognition of
                                  her role in maximising shareholder value through the highly successful winding down of our banking operations, together
                                  with the transfer of ongoing financial services into the Sainsbury’s business, along with the expansion in her role since her
                                  appointment and her significant contribution as CFO
                                • When considering salaries the Committee takes account of a number of factors, with particular focus on the general
                                  level of salary increases awarded throughout the Company. Where relevant, the Committee also considers external
                                  market data on salary and total remuneration but the Committee applies judgement when considering such data
Benefits                        • Includes colleague discount, life assurance (six times salary), company car cash allowance (or car), private medical cover • All colleagues are eligible for colleague discount and life assurance
                                  and group income protection                                                                                                  (six times salary if in pension plan or one times if not in a pension or
                                                                                                                                                               in an auto-enrolled scheme)
                                                                                                                                                             • Eligibility for other benefits is dependent on grade
Retirement benefits             • Simon Roberts receives 7.5 per cent of salary in lieu of pension plan participation. Bláthnaid Bergin receives a pension             • Participation in a pension plan is offered to all colleagues on a
                                  and cash supplement totalling 7.5 per cent. This is in line with the majority of the wider workforce                                   contributory basis, with the Company contribution varying by grade
                                                                                                                                                                       • Retail hourly paid colleagues and front-line managers are offered
                                                                                                                                                                         a matching scheme up to 7.5 per cent of salary
Annual bonus                    • Performance is based on profit (50 per cent), retail free cash flow (20 per cent) and strategic scorecard (30 per cent)              • Retail and central management and central colleagues are eligible for
                                • Bonus paid 50 per cent in cash after the year-end and 50 per cent deferred into shares for two years                                   an annual bonus and maximum opportunity varies by grade
                                • The maximum awards for 2026/27:                                                                                                      • Annual bonus based on profit, retail free cash flow, customer and
                                                                                                                                                                         personal performance
                                   – Simon Roberts – 220 per cent of salary
                                                                                                                                                                       • For more senior grades, bonus is part paid in cash, and part in shares
                                   – Bláthnaid Bergin – 180 per cent of salary
                                                                                                                                                                         deferred for two years
LTIP: 2026 Leaders’ Share       • Awards are subject to a three-year performance period followed by a two-year retention period for Executive Directors • Top c.185 managers participate in this plan
Award                           • The performance metrics remain unchanged and are fully aligned to our Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy                 • Maximum award varies by grade
                                • Grant levels for 2026 awards:
                                   – Simon Roberts – 250 per cent of salary
                                   – Bláthnaid Bergin – 225 per cent of salary
                                Measure                                                                 Weighting                      Threshold            Maximum
                                Underlying basic EPSa)                                        17.5%                     24.0p                                  30.0p
                                Cumulative cost savings                                       17.5%                    £600m                                 £900m
                                Cumulative retail free cash flowa)                            17.5%                  £1,550m                                £1,850m
                                ROCEa)                                                        17.5%                      9.0%                                  11.0%
                                Strategic indicators                                           30%
                                Based on market share, customer satisfaction, colleague engagement and Plan for Better.
                                      Further details set out on pages 98 and 99.


                                a) These measures are defined in the Alternative Performance Measures section of the Annual Report on pages 203 to 206.

Shareholding guidelines         • In-employment guidelines: Chief Executive – three times salary; Chief Financial Officer – two times salary            • In-employment guidelines apply to Operating Board Directors only
                                • Post-employment guidelines: Executive Directors are required to hold shares equivalent to their in-employment
                                  guideline for two years post-departure. This requirement applies only to shares acquired from Company incentive plans
Recovery provisions             • The Executive Directors’ incentive arrangements are subject to malus and clawback                                                    • Malus provisions apply for all senior leaders who are eligible for our LTIP

All payments made in the year and the remuneration planned for 2026/27 are in line with our Remuneration Policy.
85     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                      Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Remuneration in context

Our reward objectives                                                                                             Key considerations
Our objective is to have a fair, equitable and competitive total reward package that encourages colleagues
                                                                                                                  When reviewing the Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors and determining the approach to pay,
to deliver against our purpose and strategy, drives profitable sales and provides opportunities for colleagues
                                                                                                                  in line with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Committee gives consideration to the following:
to share in Sainsbury’s success.
                                                                                                                  • Simplicity and transparency – performance metrics and targets are reviewed each year to ensure that
Executive remuneration principles                                                                                   they continue to be clear and aligned to the delivery of the strategy
The above reward objective applies to our senior executive population as well. The Committee believes it is       • Alignment to our purpose, values and culture – the Committee ensures our pay practices drive the
important that a significant portion of the Executive Directors’ package is performance related and delivered       right behaviours in line with our values and culture
in shares and that the performance conditions applying to incentive arrangements support the delivery of the      • Risk mitigation – performance targets are reviewed annually to ensure they are stretching without
Company’s strategy and long-term shareholder value.                                                                 encouraging unnecessary risk. The Committee has the ability to adjust incentive outcomes to ensure
                                                                                                                    they accurately reflect performance and believes that this discretion is an important feature and
The Remuneration Policy for our senior executives is therefore based on the following principles:
                                                                                                                    mitigates the risk of unwarranted vesting outcomes. In the event that certain risk events come to light
                                                                                                                    the Committee may operate recovery provisions on all incentive awards
                                                    Encourages                                                    • Potential outcomes – When setting the policy for senior executives and when agreeing incentive
                                                      the right                                                     outturns, the Committee believes it is important to exercise sound judgement to ensure that executive
   Linked to
                           Aligned to               behaviours            Secures                Enables            pay levels appropriately reflect performance and are aligned with the interests of shareholders
 our purpose
                           our values                 to deliver        high calibre              share
 and business
                           and culture               long-term            leaders               ownership        Fair pay for colleagues
   strategy
                                                    sustainable                                                  When considering remuneration arrangements for Executive Directors, the Committee takes into account the
                                                       growth                                                    pay and conditions of colleagues at all levels throughout the Company. Remuneration Committee meetings
                                                                                                                 start with an update on any reward changes and initiatives for colleagues across the business, particularly
                                                                                                                 investment decisions for our hourly paid colleagues, as well as relevant external updates such as changes to
Linking executive pay to our business strategy                                                                   competitor pay rates.
The Committee carefully considers the performance metrics incorporated into the annual bonus and
Long-Term Incentive Plan to ensure they support our strategic priorities. The annual bonus is linked to key      The Committee also reviews information on internal measures, including colleague listening, engagement
financial and individual strategic objectives, while the Long-Term Incentive Plan rewards for delivery against   surveys, details of our gender and ethnicity pay gaps and the ratio of Chief Executive remuneration to the
our key strategic objectives and therefore includes all eight of the performance commitments that we use to      remuneration of our colleagues, and considers how these compare externally.
track our success. Delivery of these commitments would support long-term sustainable performance and
                                                                                                                 Sainsbury’s employs around 140,000 colleagues who work hard to deliver for our customers. The Committee
value creation for our shareholders.
                                                                                                                 recognises that our colleagues are the cornerstone of our business and essential to the overall success of our
                                                                                                                 plans. The remuneration objectives for our colleagues follow the same principles as the policy for the Executive
                                                                                                                 Directors. Pay and benefits reflect the nature and contribution of the role and take into account levels of pay
                                                                                                                 for comparable roles in the market.
86    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Remuneration in context continued

 Reward and benefits                                                                                                 Colleague engagement
 • All colleagues are entitled to base salary, pension and a range of benefits                                       • The Board recognises the important role our colleagues play in the success of Sainsbury’s. It takes
 • Managers participate in annual bonus plans which are aligned under a common set of principles                       colleague engagement and the views of colleagues seriously. We communicate regularly with colleagues
 • Senior executives (c. 185 colleagues) also participate in our Long-Term Incentive Plan                              to provide information about our strategy, our performance and on operational matters as well as asking
                                                                                                                       for feedback on how they are feeling. Further details are set out on page 25 of the Annual Report
 • We offer colleague discount in Sainsbury’s, Argos, Tu and Habitat. During 2025/26 colleagues saved over
   £80.5 million on their Sainsbury’s shopping – around £444 per colleague on average                                • Our ‘Make It Better Together’ groups operate at store, regional and national levels, giving colleagues
                                                                                                                       access to leaders at all levels. This rolls up to a national group (which is our Workforce Advisory Panel),
 • Colleague discount at Sainsbury’s is enhanced from ten to 15 per cent every Friday and Saturday,
                                                                                                                       which meets with Board members on a regular basis to discuss what is on colleagues’ minds. Colleagues
   enabling colleagues to plan their spending and access higher discount for their weekly shop. We also
                                                                                                                       are also invited to join ‘In conversation with Simon’ sessions, an opportunity for a two way dialogue with
   offer additional enhanced discount days at key times of celebration e.g. Christmas
                                                                                                                       the Chief Executive. Each member of our Operating Board holds listening sessions with retail and SSC
 • This year we celebrated our Christmas peak period by giving colleagues a £10 voucher towards their
                                                                                                                       colleagues, connecting the leadership team with the everyday experience of colleagues and helping to
   festive shopping, at a cost of over £1.2 million
                                                                                                                       improve decision-making
                                                                                                                     • Whilst we do not formally consult with colleagues on the setting of the Executive Director Remuneration
 Pensions and life assurance                                                                                           Policy, the Chair and the Remuneration Committee Chair engage with colleagues directly to talk about
                                                                                                                       the way that executive pay is set and give colleagues the opportunity to share their views and opinions.
 • Participation in a pension plan is offered to all colleagues on a contributory basis, with the Company
                                                                                                                       The last listening session covering executive pay was held in June 2025 and the next one is in June 2026
   contribution varying by grade
                                                                                                                     • Colleagues are able to become shareholders in the Company and can comment on the remuneration
 • Retail hourly paid colleagues are offered a matching scheme up to 7.5 per cent of salary
                                                                                                                       policy in the same way as other shareholders
 • We have c. 98,000 colleagues in our pension plans
 • Colleagues in our pension plans also receive six times life assurance (one times if not in a pension or in an
   auto-enrolled scheme)                                                                                             CEO pay ratios
                                                                                                                     • Our CEO median pay ratio is 198:1. The 25th, 50th and 75th percentiles ranked by total remuneration are
                                                                                                                       all retail hourly paid colleagues reflecting the size and make up of our colleague base
 Share ownership                                                                                                     • The Chief Executive’s total remuneration comprises a significant proportion of variable pay which will
 • All UK colleagues have the opportunity to become shareholders in the Company through our all-employee
                                                                                                                       change each year depending on incentive outcomes
   share plans
 • Over 16,000 colleagues participate in our Sharesave plans, representing an uptake rate of 17 per cent
 • Colleagues can also buy shares through the Sainsbury’s Share Purchase Plan (SSPP)                                 Gender and ethnicity pay
                                                                                                                     • Our colleagues are paid according to their role not their gender or ethnicity
                                                                                                                     • Our 2025 mean gender pay gap is 6.6 per cent (reduced from 7.5 per cent in 2024). Our median gender pay
 Recognition, development and wellbeing                                                                                gap has increased from 6.1 per cent to 6.5 per cent. Like a lot of companies our gap is caused by the fact
 • Being a place where colleagues love to work is crucial to the success of our business and we recognise              that we have more men than women in our most senior roles, more women than men in our hourly paid
   colleagues who go the extra mile and bring our values to life through Love it, our colleague recognition scheme     roles, and more men in hourly paid specialist roles that attract premiums, such as online delivery drivers
 • During 2025/26 we issued over 428,000 recognition rewards worth over £3.1 million as well as giving               • The ethnicity pay gap shows the difference in the average hourly rate of pay of ethnically diverse
   additional gifts of appreciation with a value of over £0.5 million                                                  colleagues compared to that of white colleagues. Our 2025 mean ethnicity pay gap is negative and has
 • We empower the organisation to thrive by building the capabilities of leaders and colleagues to achieve             changed to -3.3 per cent from -3.4 per cent and our median ethnicity pay gap to -6.0 per cent from -5.8
   Next Level Performance. We have established a forward-thinking Early Careers portfolio, which includes              per cent. Location plays a key part in explaining the gap, as a high proportion of our ethnically diverse
   apprenticeships, graduate schemes, school leaver pathways, and opportunities for returners or those changing        colleagues work in our London stores and earn a location premium
   careers all designed to meet Sainsbury’s talent needs. In 2025/26 we have supported colleague development         • The Board is committed to building inclusive leadership across the company and improving diverse
   through a range of interventions including our flagship leadership development programme and coaching,              representation at all levels of the business. We continue to pursue the stretching ambition of achieving
   finance fast start, code first girls, negotiation skills programmes and the retail trainee manager programme        50 per cent gender representation and 15 per cent ethnically diverse representation at senior levels by
 • Our Wellbeing agenda is sponsored by Tracey Clements, our Chief Retail, Logistics and Supply Chain                  2028
   Officer, emphasising that colleagues’ wellbeing including mental health, financial stability and physical
   wellbeing are at the core of the support we offer. We offer a range of support mechanisms, including
   self-serve wellbeing resources, manager training, an Employee Assistance Programme and peer to peer
   support through our Wellbeing Champion network
87     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Remuneration Policy

Directors’ Remuneration Policy                                                                                          Changes to the Remuneration Policy
                                                                                                                        The Remuneration Policy was last approved at the 2023 AGM, and an updated Policy will be presented at the
The following section sets out our Directors’ Remuneration Policy. This                                                 2026 AGM.
Policy is subject to a binding shareholder vote at the AGM on 2 July 2026
                                                                                                                        Following an extensive review, the Committee determined that overall the 2023 Policy continues to work well.
and, if approved, will be effective from this date.                                                                     However, as noted in the Remuneration Committee Chair’s statement, we have made two minor amendments
                                                                                                                        which will give the Committee greater flexibility over the three-year life of the Policy. These changes are designed
In determining the new Remuneration Policy the Committee followed a robust process which included                       to future proof our Policy by enabling us to respond to the strategic needs of the business and emerging trends in
discussions on the content of the Policy at the Remuneration Committee meetings during the year to ensure it            the hyper-competitive talent market that continues to apply in the food retail sector.
remains fit for purpose. The Committee considered input from management and our independent advisers
while ensuring that conflicts of interest were suitably mitigated. The Committee also took into account best            The two changes are as follows:
practice and guidance from major shareholders.                                                                          •    The introduction of flexibility to reduce (but not remove entirely) mandatory bonus deferral requirements
                                                                                                                             for executives who have met their shareholding guidelines.
Consideration of shareholder views
                                                                                                                        •    An increase to the maximum Long-Term Incentive Plan award that can be made to provide additional
The Remuneration Committee values the views of the Company’s shareholders and guidance from shareholder
                                                                                                                             headroom of 50 per cent of salary for the LTIP (i.e. awards of up to 300 per cent of salary).
representative bodies. The Committee proactively consults extensively with our major shareholders to ensure
that their views are represented in discussions on remuneration matters. In early 2026, the Committee consulted
with our major shareholders on the proposed updates to the Remuneration Policy, with responses to the proposals
being overwhelmingly positive. As part of the review of the Remuneration Policy the Committee considered the
latest proxy voting guidelines and guidance from major investors.

Policy table for Executive Directors
The table below summarises each element of the policy for Executive Directors, with further details set out after the table.

Base salary
Purpose and link to strategy         Core element of remuneration used to attract and retain executives who can deliver our strategic objectives.
Operation                            Typically reviewed annually with increases normally taking effect in May.
                                     Consideration is given to a number of internal and external factors including business and individual performance, role, responsibilities, scope, market positioning, inflation and colleague
                                     pay increases.
Opportunity                          Salary increases (in percentage of salary terms) for Executive Directors will normally be within the range of those for the wider workforce. There is no maximum salary opportunity.
                                     Where the Committee considers it necessary and appropriate, larger increases may be awarded in individual circumstances such as:
                                     • A change in scope or responsibility;
                                     • If a new Executive Director is appointed at a lower rate and the salary is realigned over time as the individual gains experience in the role; or
                                     • Alignment to market level.
Benefits
Purpose and link to strategy         Competitive benefits to assist in attracting and retaining executives.
Operation                            A range of benefits may be provided including, but not limited to, colleague discount, car allowance (or company car), private medical cover and health screening, life assurance, group income
                                     protection and all-employee share plan participation.
                                     The Committee keeps the benefits offered, the policies and the levels provided under regular review.
Opportunity                          The value of benefits provided will be reasonable in the context of relevant market practice for comparable roles and taking into account any individual circumstances (e.g. relocation). There is
                                     no maximum monetary value.
                                     Participation in any HMRC-approved all-employee share plan is limited to the maximum award levels permitted by the relevant legislation.
88   J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Remuneration Policy continued

Policy Table for Executive Directors continued
Retirement benefits
Purpose and link to strategy       Provides an income following retirement and assists colleagues in building funds for their future.
Operation                          Participation in a defined contribution plan and/or a cash salary supplement.
Opportunity                        For Executive Directors, the value of any pension and/or cash supplement provided will be in line with the rate available to the majority of the workforce (currently 7.5 per cent of salary
                                   per annum).
Annual bonus
Purpose and link to strategy       Rewards performance on an annual basis against key financial, operational and individual objectives, as well as strategic priorities. Awards partially delivered in shares to provide further
                                   alignment with shareholders.
Operation                          Performance measured over the financial year.
                                   Bonus level determined by the Committee after the year-end based on performance against targets.
                                   Normally 50 per cent of the total bonus is paid in cash, with the balance deferred into shares for a period of two years. The Committee can reduce the proportion of the bonus that is deferred
                                   into shares once the shareholding guideline has been met. Some element of bonus deferral will remain.
                                   Dividend equivalents may accrue during the vesting period on the deferred bonus shares.
                                   Measures and targets are reviewed annually.
                                   Recovery provisions (i.e. malus and clawback) apply.
Opportunity                        Maximum opportunity of up to 250 per cent of salary per annum.
Performance details                Based on a combination of financial (e.g. profit), operational and individual metrics.
                                   The detail of the measures, targets and weightings may be varied by the Committee year-on-year based on the Company’s strategic goals. At least half of any award will be subject to
                                   financial measures. The level of threshold payment for performance varies depending on the performance measurement with payouts from zero per cent. Full payout requires
                                   outperformance of stretch objectives.
89   J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                           Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Remuneration Policy continued

Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”) – Leaders’ Share Award
Purpose and link to strategy       Recognises and rewards for delivery of Company performance and shareholder value over the longer term. Share-based to provide greater alignment with shareholder interests.
Operation                          Awards of conditional share awards (or equivalent) with vesting dependent on performance measured over a period of at least three financial years.
                                   Awards will normally be subject to a retention period following the end of the performance period which means awards will be released after five years.
                                   The Committee reviews the metrics, targets and weightings prior to each grant to ensure that they remain appropriate. Recovery provisions (i.e. malus and clawback) apply.
                                   Dividend equivalents may accrue, to the extent awards vest.
Opportunity                        Maximum award of up to 300 per cent of salary per annum in respect of any financial year. Award levels for 2026/27 are set out on page 98.
Performance details                Based on a combination of financial and strategic measures appropriate within the context of the Company strategy and external environment over the relevant performance period. For
                                   achievements at threshold levels of performance, up to 25 per cent of maximum will normally vest under each element.
                                   Prior to granting awards, the Committee will review the performance conditions and may opt to vary the metrics and weightings to ensure measures and targets remain aligned with its
                                   objectives. For awards granted in 2026/27, 70 per cent of the award is subject to financial measures. The Committee would seek to consult as appropriate with its major shareholders regarding
                                   any material changes.
Shareholding guidelines
Purpose and link to strategy       Alignment of Executive Directors’ interests with those of shareholders.
Operation                          The in-employment guidelines are to build and maintain a shareholding equal to three times salary for the Chief Executive and two times salary for other Executive Directors.
                                   Executive Directors are normally expected to hold all vested share awards (net of tax) until the guideline has been met. In addition to shares held, Bonus Share Awards and LTIP awards where
                                   the performance period has ended, as well as dividend equivalents accruing on LTIP awards once the performance period has ended count towards the guideline (on a net of tax basis).
                                   Executive Directors will normally be expected to maintain a shareholding equal to their guideline (or actual shareholding if lower) for two years post employment irrespective of the reason for
                                   leaving. This requirement will apply to shares acquired from Company incentive plans.
90     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                    Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Remuneration Policy continued

Setting performance measures and targets                                                                       Recovery provisions (malus and clawback) – preventing rewards for failure
The Committee believes it is important that the performance conditions applying to incentive arrangements      The Remuneration Committee may operate recovery provisions (malus and clawback) on all incentive awards.
are aligned with the short and long-term objectives of the Company, while supporting the Company’s purpose,    The Committee may reduce or cancel, or impose further conditions on an unvested award in the event of
culture, values and risk profile. We operate in a dynamic market with evolving challenges and the Committee    material mis‑statement of financial results, serious reputational damage, serious misconduct, fraud, or other
reviews the performance measures and targets each year to ensure that they remain relevant and stretching.     cases of extreme failure where the Committee considers such adjustment to be warranted.
     Further details of the performance measures are set out in the Annual Report on Remuneration.            In addition, in the circumstances outlined above, the Committee may claw back incentives, by requiring an
                                                                                                               Executive Director to make a repayment in relation to bonus payments and share awards. This provision would
The performance measures in the annual bonus are selected as they are the key drivers of business              apply for up to two years following the end of the relevant performance period.
performance. The targets for the annual bonus are set with reference to the corporate strategy and internal
budgets as well as the external context (e.g. market forecasts). This approach seeks to ensure that the
threshold and stretch targets are appropriately challenging.
                                                                                                               Consideration of colleague pay and conditions
                                                                                                               When considering remuneration arrangements for Executive Directors, the Committee takes into account, as a
The LTIP performance measures focus on the delivery of long-term strategic priorities and returns to           matter of course, the pay and conditions of colleagues throughout the Company.
shareholders. Target setting follows a similar approach to that used for the annual bonus.
                                                                                                               In particular, the Committee receives regular updates on pay, incentives and benefits across the business as
The Committee may vary or rebalance the weighting of the performance metrics for future annual bonus and       well as updates on any major changes to the pay of colleagues. The Committee takes into account the wider
LTIP awards, in order to ensure that they remain aligned with the Company’s strategic objectives.              pay context, including the overall salary increase budget for management, the increase in rate of pay for
                                                                                                               hourly paid colleagues and the Chief Executive pay ratio.
The Committee retains the ability to adjust incentive outcomes to ensure that they remain reflective of
underlying financial and non-financial performance of participants or the Group or where the formulaic         The Board receives regular updates on the views of colleagues via our annual and mini ‘We’re Listening’
outcome is not appropriate in the context of circumstances that were unexpected or unforeseen when the         engagement surveys, Leader Listening programme and national ‘Make It Better Together’ group (our Workforce
targets were set. The Committee may also adjust the targets for awards or the calculation of performance       Advisory Panel). In addition, Non-Executive Directors regularly engage with the ‘Make It Better Together’ group
measures and vesting outcomes for events not foreseen at the time the targets were set to ensure they remain   on executive pay giving colleagues the opportunity to share their views and opinions.
a fair reflection of performance over the relevant period. When making such judgements, the Committee may
                                                                                                               The Company operates all-employee share plans which support colleagues to become shareholders in the
take into account all such factors deemed relevant.
                                                                                                               Company; these colleagues can then comment on the policy in the same way as other shareholders.
91           J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Remuneration Policy continued

Potential total remuneration opportunity under our pay policy                                                                Our approach to recruitment
The Committee believes it is important that a significant portion of the package for Executive Directors is                  The Committee believes it is vital to be able to attract and recruit leaders of the calibre required to deliver our
performance related and delivered in shares to align their interests with shareholders. The balance between                  strategic objectives, while remaining mindful of the cost to the Company. When determining remuneration
fixed pay (base salary, pension and benefits) and variable pay (annual bonus and LTIP) changes with                          arrangements for new appointments, the Committee intends to pay no more than it believes is necessary to
performance. The variable proportion of total remuneration increases significantly for increased levels of                   secure the required talent. The Committee will seek to align the remuneration package with the approved
performance. At least 60 per cent of the package is delivered through variable pay at mid-point performance                  Remuneration Policy.
and this proportion increases to at least three-quarters of the package at maximum levels of performance.
                                                                                                                             Fixed Pay           Salary and benefits (including retirement benefits) would be determined in accordance
The charts below show the total remuneration potential of the Executive Directors, in accordance with the                                        with the Policy Table. An alternative package may also be necessary where an individual
intended implementation of the Remuneration Policy for 2026/27, under three performance scenarios.                                               fulfils an executive role on an interim basis.
Chief Executive – Simon Roberts                                      Chief Financial Officer – Bláthnaid Bergin                                  In certain cases, the initial salary for a new appointment may be set at a lower level, with
 £000’s                                                               £000’s                                                                     the intention of increasing the salary over time as the executive gains experience in the role.
  7,000                                                                7,000
                                                      £6,018                                                                                     Benefits may need to be tailored based on the individual circumstances (e.g. relocation,
     6,000                                                             6,000
                                                                                                                                                 housing or travel allowances may be required).
     5,000                                                             5,000
                                                          43%
                                                                                                                 £3,800      Variable pay        The maximum variable remuneration which may be offered to an executive will be no more
  4,000                              £3,576                            4,000
                                                                                                                                                 than 550 per cent of salary (excluding any buy out arrangements). This limit is consistent
     3,000                            36%                              3,000                                      44%                            with the overall maximum set out in the Policy table.
                                                                                                £2,305
                                                          38%
     2,000                                                             2,000                     36%
                   £1,134             32%                                                                         35%                            Within these limits and where appropriate the Committee may tailor the award (e.g. timeframe,
     1,000                                                             1,000      £810           29%
                    100%              32%                 19%                     100%           35%              21%
                                                                                                                                                 form, performance criteria) based on the commercial circumstances.
        0                                                                  0
                  Minimum           Mid-point        Maximum                     Minimum       Mid-point        Maximum                          Shareholders will be informed of the terms for any such arrangements.
                                              Fixed pay         Annual bonus       LTIP                                      Buy outs            The Committee may need to buy out remuneration terms forfeited on joining the Company.
                                                                                                                                                 In such circumstances, the Committee will seek to ensure any buy out is of comparable
                            Opportunity                               Minimum              Mid-point               Maximum
                                                                                                                                                 commercial value and capped as appropriate.
Fixed pay                                                                     Salary – Simon Roberts £1,039,177;                                 The quantum, form and structure of any buy out arrangement will be determined by
                                                                                   Bláthnaid Bergin £738,057                                     the Committee taking into account the terms of the previous arrangement being forfeited
                                                                        Benefits – car allowance and private healthcare                          (e.g. form and structure of award, timeframe, performance criteria, likelihood of vesting, etc.).
                                                                                 (in line with 2026/27 actuals)                                  The buy out may be structured as an award of cash or shares. However, the Committee will
                                                                                    Pension – 7.5% of salary                                     normally have a preference for replacement awards to be made in the form of shares and to
                                                                                                                                                 be within the Company’s existing incentive plans.
Annual bonus                Simon Roberts – 220% of salary                 Nil    50% of maximum           100% of maximum
                            Bláthnaid Bergin – 180% of salary                                                                                    Where an executive is appointed from either within the Company or following corporate
LTIP/Leaders’               Simon Roberts – 250% of salary                 Nil    50% of maximum           100% of maximum                       activity/reorganisation (e.g. acquisition of another company), the normal policy would be
Share Award                 Bláthnaid Bergin – 225% of salary                                                                                    to honour any legacy arrangements in line with the original terms and conditions.


Impact of share price
As LTIP awards are granted in shares, the value can vary significantly depending on the movement of the share
price over the relevant vesting and retention period. For example, if the share price increased by 50 per cent
over the relevant vesting and retention period, the maximum values shown in the charts above would increase
to £7.3 million for Simon Roberts and £4.6 million for Bláthnaid Bergin. Similarly, if the share price was to fall by
50 per cent, the maximum values shown in the charts above would reduce to £4.7 million for Simon Roberts
and £3.0 million for Bláthnaid Bergin.
92     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                        Strategic Report    Governance Report     Financial Statements


Remuneration Policy continued

Service contracts and policy for departing Executive Directors                                                                               ‘Bad Leaver’                                       ‘Good Leaver’
The Company’s policy is for Executive Directors’ service contracts to be terminable on 12 months’ notice by                          (e.g. termination for cause, etc.)               (e.g. cessation due to ill health, etc.)
either party.
                                                                                                                    Annual bonus     No entitlement following              Bonus may be payable subject to performance.
Contracts contain non-compete and non-solicit clauses with key suppliers and colleagues. The Company’s                               date notice served.                   Awards are normally pro-rated based on the period
normal practice is that Executive Directors may take up one non-executive role outside the Company, with                                                                   worked during the financial year, with payments
approval from the Board, subject to the role being in a business that does not compete with the Company and                          Any unvested bonus shares
                                                                                                                                                                           usually occurring following the year-end.
with consideration of the time commitment. Directors are normally entitled to retain the fees earned from                            lapse on cessation.
such appointments.                                                                                                                                                         Any unvested bonus shares will normally vest in
                                                                                                                                                                           full, unless the Committee determines otherwise.
In the event of early termination without notice, any severance payment would be limited to one year’s salary                                                              Awards normally vest at the standard time, unless
and benefits (including pension), normally payable on a phased basis and subject to mitigation. Benefits payable                                                           the Committee determines that awards should vest
may include certain one-off benefits in connection with termination such as legal costs and the costs of                                                                   on an earlier date.
meeting any settlement agreement.
                                                                                                                                                                           On death, unvested awards will be released and vest
There are no specific terms in service contracts relating to a change of control.                                                                                          in full.
The Executive Directors’ service contracts are available for shareholders to view at the Company’s                  Long-Term        Unvested awards will lapse            Unvested awards normally vest at the normal time
registered office.                                                                                                  Incentive Plan   on notice.                            subject to performance.
The Committee retains discretion to determine the exact termination terms of any Executive Director, having                                                                Awards normally will be pro-rated by reference to the
regard to all the relevant facts and circumstances available to them at the time. The table opposite sets out the                                                          proportion of the performance period that has
general position and range of approaches in respect of incentive arrangements. In accordance with the terms                                                                elapsed since cessation, unless the Committee
of the relevant incentive plan rules, based on the circumstances of any departure the Committee has discretion                                                             determines otherwise.
to determine how an Executive Director should be categorised for each element and determine vesting levels
accordingly based on the range shown.                                                                                                                                      Awards normally will remain subject to any
                                                                                                                                                                           applicable retention period.
                                                                                                                                                                           On death, awards vest early on cessation with
                                                                                                                                                                           performance measured at this time. Awards are
                                                                                                                                                                           pro-rated by reference to the proportion of the
                                                                                                                                                                           performance period that has elapsed at cessation.
                                                                                                                                                                           If the Director leaves in the first six months after the
                                                                                                                                                                           start of the performance period, the award normally
                                                                                                                                                                           lapses in full.
                                                                                                                    All-employee                             In line with HMRC rules.
                                                                                                                    share plans
93     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                         Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Remuneration Policy continued

Detailed provisions                                                                                                 Remuneration Policy for the Non-Executive Chair and Non-Executive Directors
All share awards are subject to the terms of the relevant plan rules under which the award has been granted.        The remuneration of the Non-Executive Chair is determined by the Remuneration Committee and the remuneration
Since 2025 share awards are normally granted under the LTIP rules approved by shareholders at the 2024 AGM.         of the Non-Executive Directors by the Non-Executive Chair and Executive Directors. The Non-Executive Chair and
The Committee may adjust or amend awards only in accordance with the provisions of the relevant plan rules.         Non-Executive Directors receive fees and may be eligible for certain benefits. Non-Executive roles are not
This includes making adjustments to awards to reflect one-off corporate events, such as a change in the             entitled to any performance-related pay or pension.
Company’s capital structure. In accordance with the plan rules, awards may be settled in cash rather than
                                                                                                                    The Non-Executive Chair and Non-Executive Directors do not have service contracts. The Company’s policy is
shares, where the Committee considers this appropriate.
                                                                                                                    to appoint the Non-Executive Chair and Non-Executive Directors for an initial three-year period, which may be
On a change of control, bonus share awards would be released or vest in full. LTIP awards may vest taking           extended for a further term by mutual consent. The initial appointments and any subsequent reappointments
account of relevant factors including progress against relevant performance conditions and may be pro-rated         are subject to annual election or re-election by shareholders.
based on time.
                                                                                                                    Non-Executive Directors’ appointments may be terminated at any time by serving three months’ written
In the event of a demerger or other significant distribution, share awards may be allowed to vest wholly or in      notice by either party and six months’ in the case of the Non-Executive Chair. The Non-Executive Directors’
part. A winding up, administration or a voluntary arrangement event would result in bonus share awards being        letters of appointment are available for shareholders to view at the Company’s registered office.
released or vesting in full and LTIP awards would normally vest subject to achievement of the relevant
performance conditions on the same time pro-rated basis as above.                                                   Non-Executive Director Remuneration Policy
In similar corporate events, awards under HMRC-approved all-employee plans would vest in accordance with            Approach to setting        The fees for Non-Executive Directors are set at a level which is considered
the standard approved terms.                                                                                        remuneration               appropriate to attract individuals with the necessary experience and ability to
                                                                                                                                               oversee the business. Fees may be paid in cash or shares.
The Committee may approve payments to satisfy commitments agreed prior to the implementation of this
Policy where such commitment was either: (i) made prior to the implementation of the 2014 Remuneration                                         Typically reviewed annually in May.
Policy; or (ii) agreed during the term of, and was consistent with, the Remuneration Policy in force at the time.
                                                                                                                                               Judgement is used but consideration is given to a number of internal and external
This includes previous incentive awards that are currently outstanding and unvested. The structure of these
                                                                                                                                               factors including responsibilities, market positioning, inflation and colleague
legacy awards is generally consistent with the Policy Table but the performance conditions applying may be
                                                                                                                                               pay increases.
different.
                                                                                                                                               Where appropriate benefits may be provided such as colleague discount, private
The Committee may also approve payments outside of this policy, in order to satisfy any legacy arrangements
                                                                                                                                               medical cover and annual medical assessment.
made to a colleague prior to (and not in contemplation of) promotion to the Board of Directors. This policy
applies equally to any individual who is required to be treated as a Director under the applicable regulations.                                Travel and other reasonable expenses (including any associated taxes) incurred in
                                                                                                                                               the course of performing their duties are reimbursed to Non-Executive Directors.
The Committee may make minor amendments to the Remuneration Policy to aid its operation or
implementation without seeking shareholder approvals (e.g. for regulatory, exchange control, tax or                 Opportunity                Fee opportunity reflects responsibility and time commitment.
administrative purposes or to take account of a change in legislation) provided that any such change is not to                                 Additional fees are paid for additional time commitments or for further
the material advantage of colleagues.                                                                                                          responsibilities such as chairing Committees.
                                                                                                                                               The value of benefits provided will be reasonable in the market context and take
                                                                                                                                               account of the individual circumstances and benefits provided in comparable roles.
94       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report       Governance Report     Financial Statements


Annual report on remuneration

Single total figure of remuneration for Executive Directors                                                                                   Annual bonus for 2025/26 (audited information)
(audited information)                                                                                                                         For 2025/26 the maximum annual bonus award opportunity for the Chief Executive was 220 per cent of base
The table below shows a single remuneration figure for all qualifying services for the 52 weeks to 28 February 2026,                          salary and for the Chief Financial Officer the maximum opportunity was 180 per cent of base salary. 50 per cent
together with comparative figures for the 52 weeks to 1 March 2025.                                                                           of any bonus is paid in cash and 50 per cent is paid in shares which are deferred for two years.

                                                                             Simon Roberts                       Bláthnaid Bergin             The performance measures for 2025/26 were profit (50 per cent), retail free cash flow (20 per cent) and a strategic
                                                                                 £000                                 £000                    scorecard (30 per cent comprising colleague, customer and individual objectives, each being ten per cent).
                                                           Notes          2025/26            2024/25           2025/26            2024/25
                                                                                                                                              After the end of the financial year the Remuneration Committee undertook a review of performance to
Base salary                                                                 1,002               971                692                670     determine annual bonus outcomes for Simon Roberts and Bláthnaid Bergin. As detailed below, the Committee
Benefits                                                       a)              20                19                 18                 19     identified that a bonus was payable to the Executive Directors. As in prior years, the Remuneration Committee
Pension                                                        b)              75                73                 52                 50     has sought to take a measured and rounded approach to performance assessment when determining incentive
Total fixed pay                                                             1,097             1,063                762                739     outcomes to ensure that they are fair and proportionate.
Annual bonus                                                   c)           1,907             1,948              1,077              1,100     The following table summarises the final outcomes for the Executive Directors.
Long-Term Incentive Plan                                       d)           2,427             2,168              1,508                424
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Outcome             Simon          Outcome        Bláthnaid
Total variable pay                                                          4,334             4,116              2,585              1,524                                                                          (% of overall         Roberts      (% of overall        Bergin
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    maximum)               £000        maximum)              £000
Total                                                                       5,431             5,179              3,347              2,263
                                                                                                                                              Profit                                                                     37.5%                 827         37.5%            467
a) Benefits include a combination of cash and non-cash benefits, valued at the taxable value. For 2025/26, benefits for Executive             Retail free cash flow                                                       20%                  441          20%             249
   Directors included a cash car allowance (£15,250), private medical cover and taxable expenses. Executive Directors are also entitled       Strategic scorecard                                                         29%                  639          29%             361
   to group income protection cover, life assurance and colleague discount.
                                                                                                                                              Total                                                                     86.5%             1,907            86.5%           1,077
b) Simon Roberts receives 7.5 per cent of salary in lieu of pension plan participation. Bláthnaid Bergin receives a pension and cash
   supplement totalling 7.5 per cent of salary. This is in line with the majority of the wider workforce.
c)   Annual bonus relates to performance during the financial year, paid in May/June following the relevant year-end. 50 per cent is          Profit performance
     paid in cash and 50 per cent in bonus shares which vest after two years. No further performance conditions apply to the Bonus            The table below sets out the threshold, target and stretch profit targets and the actual profit outcome.
     Share Award. In 2024/25, a further £170,866 of Simon Roberts’ cash bonus was deferred into shares which vested on 19 December
     2025 at the point that bank capital was returned to shareholders.                                                                                                                                         Threshold            Target              Stretch
                                                                                                                                                                                                            (0% payable)     (50% payable)       (100% payable)         Outcome
d) The Long-Term Incentive Plan value relates to the award vesting in April/May following the end of the relevant financial year, which                                                                              £m                £m                   £m               £m
   is the third year of the performance period. The awards are then subject to an additional two-year retention period for Executive          Profit   a)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    950                1,000             1,050             1,025
   Directors.
     The LTIP figures include accrued dividend equivalent shares over the performance period. The 2025/26 values are based on the             a) Underlying Retail Operating Profit. This measure is defined in the Alternative Performance Measures section of the Annual Report
     average share price over the fourth quarter for 2025/26 of £3.291. The 2023 Leaders’ Share Award is the first Long-Term Incentive           on pages 203 to 206
     Plan granted to Bláthnaid Bergin following her appointment to Chief Financial Officer. The 2025/26 values shown above include the
     share price growth since grant: +£351k for Simon Roberts and +£218k for Bláthnaid Bergin.                                                Retail free cash flow performance
     The 2024/25 LTIP figure has been updated from the fourth quarter average share price to the actual share price on the vesting date       The table below sets out the threshold, target and stretch retail free cash flow targets and the actual outcome.
     of 22 April 2025 (£2.626). Bláthnaid Bergin’s 2024/25 LTIP vesting related to an award granted prior to her appointment as an
     Executive Director in March 2023, so was not subject to the two-year retention period. In the interests of transparency the full value                                                                          Threshold            Target        Stretch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (0% payable)     (50% payable) (100% payable)         Outcome
     has been included in the single figure table.                                                                                                                                                                         £m                £m             £m               £m
                                                                                                                                              Retail free cash flowa)                                                      N/Ab)            500              560             574

                                                                                                                                              a) These measures are defined in the Alternative Performance Measures section of the Annual Report on pages 203 to 206.
                                                                                                                                              b) For 2025/26 there was no payout for retail free cash flow performance below target.
95      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                        Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Annual report on remuneration continued

Strategic scorecard                                                                                                                Simon Roberts                                     Bláthnaid Bergin

The strategic scorecard (30 per cent of the overall bonus) consists of customer, colleague and individual             Shared       Worked in partnership with the Operating Board to drive our 2025/26 financial plan to deliver
objectives, equally weighted.                                                                                         objectives   strong performance across Next Level strategic outcomes and plan commitments, achieving
                                                                                                                                   underlying retail operating profit, retail free cash flow and annual savings ahead of target,
The table below sets out a summary of the achievements of the Executive Directors in relation to these                             whilst balancing customer value and service, expanding food space and delivering market
objectives as assessed by the Remuneration Committee. The Committee has determined an award of nine per                            leading shareholder returns.
cent (out of ten per cent) for the customer element, ten per cent (out of ten per cent) for the colleague element
and ten per cent (out of a possible ten per cent) for performance against their individual strategic objectives.                   Put in place a fully dedicated Managing Director and management team to accelerate the
This results in a strategic scorecard outturn of 29 (out of a possible 30 per cent) for both Simon Roberts and                     turnaround of Argos and deliver sustained improvement in financial and customer
Bláthnaid Bergin.                                                                                                                  performance.

Shared objectives                                                                                                     Director-    Delivered further improvements in the             Delivered a successful dry run and embedded
Customer            Grew volume share in a challenging market, achieving a new high point and reaching our            specific     consistency of our quality, value and service     the new Control Framework across the
                    highest share in ten years. Continued growth in primary customers, building on our progress                    for customers and continued to take grocery       business in readiness for compliance with the
                    from the last 4 years. We have maintained the strength of our competitive price position.                      volume market share, growing share by             new Corporate Governance Code.
                    Customers continue to trade up to Taste the Difference products, with sales exceeding the £2                   +0.13% pts year-on-year in a challenging
                                                                                                                                                                                     Continued transformation of the banking
                    billion target set for the year.                                                                               market.
                                                                                                                                                                                     business, executed well ahead of budget and
                    Whilst there is still more to do, over the last year we have grown customer satisfaction vs.                   Returned £816 million of cash to shareholders     expected timelines. Developed a streamlined
                    the high 2024/25 base, with year-on-year growth across availability, range and value for                       in 2025/26 (£316 million ordinary dividends,      operating model for Sainsbury’s Financial
                    money. Delivered significant improvements in colleague helpfulness and consistent                              £250 million share buyback, £250 million          Services going forward.
                    improvements across Grocery Online.                                                                            special dividend).
                                                                                                                                                                                     Delivered the triennial valuation of the
Colleague           Colleague engagement remains high despite ongoing business change activity which has                           Drove our new store opening and space             pension scheme, achieving a positive
                    impacted colleagues. In our February 2026 We’re Listening Mini survey, we matched our                          conversion plans to deliver expectations for      outcome for the Company and employees,
                    highest ever ‘happiness’ score. Our aim has been consistently to build inclusive leadership                    both customers and shareholders, opening ten      whilst ensuring the scheme remains fully
                    across the Company and improve diverse representation at all levels and we continue to                         new supermarkets and 33 convenience stores.       funded.
                    focus on building a talent pipeline to support our ambition. Again this year, we were the first                Invested in 70 of our highest potential stores
                                                                                                                                                                                     All aspects of the new debt reporting
                    UK supermarket to announce an above inflation pay increase for our hourly paid colleagues.                     through our More for More programme.
                                                                                                                                                                                     requirements have been embedded in
                    We have continued to invest to improve colleague safety and enhance loss prevention                            Harnessed and drove new leadership                finance, credit ratings have been maintained
                    measures, making the protection of our colleagues a priority.                                                  accountabilities across the business.             and remain stable and bond spreads have
                    Both Executive Directors continue to advocate for diverse representation within the business                                                                     tightened.
                    and externally. During the year, Simon spoke at the Diversity in Retail Inclusion Summit,
                    where he is a member of the Advisory Board, as well as speaking at Diversity in Grocery’s
                    DIG Live event. Bláthnaid is our Executive Sponsor for Disability and meets regularly with
                    our internal network group and has participated in work to drive better accessibility for our
                    customers. Bláthnaid was the keynote speaker for International Women’s Day in 2025/26.
96     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report     Governance Report      Financial Statements


Annual report on remuneration continued

2023 Leaders’ Share Award (2023/24 to 2025/26 performance period)                                                  The table below sets out the extent to which each performance measure was achieved for Executive Directors.
(audited information)                                                                                                                                                      Threshold target Maximum target
                                                                                                                                                                           (25% of element        (100% of                          % of maximum
The 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan is known as the 2023 Leaders’ Share Award.                                       Metric                                        Weighting            vests)  element vests             Outcome           achieved

Awards were granted under the rules of the J Sainsbury plc 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The 2023 Leaders’        Cumulative retail free cash flowa)                 20%          £1,350m          £1,650m           £1,744m                100.0%
Share Award vested subject to the eight key performance indicators that we use to measure our success              ROCEa)                                             20%                 7%             10%              8.9%                72.5%
against our Food First strategy.                                                                                   EPSa)                                              20%                 20p             27p             22.3p               49.6%
                                                                                                                   Cost reduction                                     20%            £750m          £1,250m           £1,027m                 66.6%
For Executive Directors, the four financial metrics (retail free cash flow, ROCE, EPS and cost reduction), were
weighted at 20 per cent each, The four strategic indicators (market share, customer, colleague and Plan for        Market share                                        5%             11.74%          12.17%            12.90%               100.0%
Better) were weighted at five per cent each. In addition, a performance gateway had to be achieved before          Customer                                            5%               0bps          200bps            200bps               100.0%
any element could vest.                                                                                            Colleague                                           5%         -1 vs 2022       +4 vs 2022        +3 vs 2022               85.0%
                                                                                                                                                                                       score            score             score
In terms of the financial metrics, retail free cash flow performance was above the stretch target, ROCE and cost
                                                                                                                   Plan for Better                                     5%                          See below         See below                10.7%
reduction performance between target and stretch, with EPS between threshold and target. Market share was
at stretch, alongside a strong colleague engagement performance, towards the top of the range. The customer                                               Scope 1 – GHG 354,971 tCO2e 308,539 tCO2e 441,017 tCO2e
element was at the stretch target, reflecting the strong progress that we have made in the three years since the                                          emissions
targets were set.                                                                                                                                         Scope 3                  50% of            80% of              51.6%
Despite progress across our Plan for Better commitments, the stretching Scope 1 and plastics reduction targets                                            – suppliers            emissions         emissions         (suppliers
set for the 2023 Leaders’ Share Award were not achieved. For Scope 3, our original LTIP target was based on the                                           with SBTi 1.5                                            with any 1.5
WWF retailer requirements, which set out that retailers should report on emissions covered by suppliers with                                              degree net                                               degree SBTi
near-term and long-term (i.e. net zero) 1.5 degree SBTi targets. WWF has subsequently updated its retailer                                                zero target                                                   target)
requirements allowing reporting on emissions covered by suppliers who have 1.5 degree SBTi near-term targets                                              approved
only. This change acknowledges that suppliers may have clear near-term reduction plans but committing                                                     Own brand          52,379 tonnes 34,920 tonnes 57,305 tonnes
to a long-term target is challenging as the breadth of dependencies involved makes it difficult to establish                                              plastic
full confidence in a 2050 roadmap at this stage. We have been working with our suppliers in alignment with                                                packaging
this change, achieving a result of 51.6 per cent of emissions covered by suppliers with any 1.5 degree SBTi                                               reduction
targets (near term or net zero) approved by the end of 2025/26. Assessing our performance on this basis, the
                                                                                                                   Performance gateway                      The Remuneration Committee must be satisfied that the                       Achieved
Committee determined that the threshold outturn had been achieved for this element. This results in an overall
                                                                                                                                                              Company’s underlying performance over the period
outturn under the Plan for Better element of 10.7 per cent of maximum.
                                                                                                                                                                         justifies the level of vesting
Taking account of all eight metrics, this results in a performance outturn of 72.5 per cent of the maximum
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Total 72.5%
for the 2023 award. The Committee reviewed the outcome of the awards in the context of performance and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (out of a maximum of 100%)
determined that it was appropriate.
                                                                                                                   a) These measures are defined in the Alternative Performance Measures section of the Annual Report on pages 203 to 206.

                                                                                                                   Recovery provisions
                                                                                                                   The Remuneration Committee may operate recovery provisions (malus and clawback) on all incentive awards.
                                                                                                                   The Committee may reduce or cancel an unvested award, or impose further conditions on an unvested award
                                                                                                                   in the event of material mis-statement of financial results, serious reputational damage, serious misconduct,
                                                                                                                   fraud, or other cases of extreme failure where the Committee considers such adjustment to be warranted.
                                                                                                                   In addition, in the circumstances outlined above, the Committee may clawback incentives, by requiring an
                                                                                                                   Executive Director to make a repayment in relation to bonus payments and share awards. This provision would
                                                                                                                   apply for up to two years following the end of the relevant performance period. A two-year clawback period
                                                                                                                   was considered appropriate in light of the risk profile of the business and standard market practice.
                                                                                                                   No recovery provisions were applied during the last financial year.
97       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report       Governance Report         Financial Statements


Annual report on remuneration continued

Share awards made during the financial year (audited information)
The following share awards were made to Executive Directors during the year.
                                                                                                                                                                                              Percentage vesting at                                                          Performance period
                                            Scheme                                                Basis of award (maximum)                                    Face value                     threshold performance                      Number of shares                              end date
Simon Roberts                               2025 Leaders’ Share Award a)                          250% of salary                                            £2,522,275                     25% of each element                                   879,454                     26 February 2028
                                            Bonus Share Award b)                                  50% of bonus award                                          £973,936                                           N/A                             339,587                                      N/A
                                            Bank Share Award c)                                   N/A                                                         £170,864                                           N/A                               59,576                                     N/A
Bláthnaid Bergin                            2025 Leaders’ Share Award         a)
                                                                                                  225% of salary                                            £1,566,630                     25% of each element                                   546,244                     26 February 2028
                                            Bonus Share Award b)                                  50% of bonus award                                          £550,000                                           N/A                              191,748                                     N/A

a) The performance conditions applying to the 2025 Leaders’ Share Award are set out in the 2025 Annual report on remuneration. The basis of award shows the maximum value. The award was made on 30 May 2025 and the number of shares has been calculated using the
   average share price between 22 May and 29 May 2025 of £2.868. Subject to performance, the award will vest in May 2028 and will be released after a further two-year retention period. The award is structured as a nil-cost option with an exercise period of up to six years from
   grant.
b) The Bonus Share Award was made on 30 May 2025, this is the mandatorily deferred portion of the 2024/25 bonus. Simon Roberts received a bonus of 91 per cent of the maximum level (maximum of 220 per cent of salary), of which 50 per cent was awarded in shares.
   Bláthnaid Bergin received a bonus of 91 per cent of the maximum level (maximum 180 per cent of salary), of which 50 per cent was awarded in shares. The number of shares has been calculated using the average share price between 22 May and 29 May 2025 of £2.868. No
   further performance conditions apply. The Bonus Share Awards will be released in March/April 2027.
c)   This award was made in respect of the additional element of Simon Roberts’ 2024/25 cash bonus that was deferred into shares, which vested on the return of bank capital to shareholders on 19 December 2025.


Executive Directors’ shareholdings and share interests (audited information)
The table below sets out details of the Executive Directors’ shareholdings and a summary of their outstanding share awards at the end of the 2025/26 financial year.
                                                                                                                     Ordinary sharesa)                                                                                     Scheme interestsb)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      LTIP awards                          LTIP awards
                                                                                                                                                                                 Bonus Share                    with performance                     with performance
                                                                                                 1 March 2025          28 February 2026              22 April 2026                   Awards c)                  period completed d)                 period outstanding e)                    SAYE
Simon Robertsf)                                                                                      941,338                 1,104,029                 1,104,029                    709,352                             1,618,745                            2,623,772                            0
Bláthnaid Berging)                                                                                   348,397                   255,092                   255,092                    398,193                                     0                            1,690,528                            0

a) Ordinary shares are beneficial holdings which include the Directors’ personal holdings and those of their spouses and minor children. They also include the beneficial interests in shares which are held in trust under the Sainsbury’s Share Purchase Plan.
b) Long-Term Incentive Plan awards are structured as nil-cost options.
c)   Relates to 2024 and 2025 Bonus Share Awards.
d) Relates to 2021 Win in Food award and 2022 Leaders’ Share Award (vested but unexercised). Notional dividends are added for LTIP awards where the performance period has ended.
e)   Relates to 2023 Leaders’ Share Award, 2024 Next Level incentive plan and 2025 Leaders’ Share Award (all expressed at the maximum) where the performance period has not ended. As noted above, following the year-end, the 2023 Leaders’ Share Award will vest at 72.5 per
     cent of maximum.
f)   On 24 April 2025, Simon Roberts exercised 341,887 shares under his 2023 Bonus Share Award at a share price of £2.599, achieving a notional gain of £888k. On 14 May 2025, he exercised 994,658 shares under his Future Builder 2020 Part 1 and 2 awards at a share price of
     £2.769, achieving a notional gain of £2,754k. On 12 January 2026, he exercised 64,423 shares under his Bank Share Award at a share price of £3.077, achieving a notional gain of £198k.
g) On 24 April 2025, Bláthnaid Bergin exercised 87,528 shares under her 2023 Bonus Share Award at a share price of £2.599, achieving a notional gain of £227k. On the same date, she exercised 161,398 shares under her 2022 Leaders’ Share Award at a share price of £2.599,
   achieving a notional gain of £419k.
Note: The Executive Directors are potential beneficiaries of the Company’s Employee Benefit Trust, which is used to satisfy awards under the Company’s employee share plans, and they are therefore treated as interested in the 36.0 million shares (2025: 39.3 million) held by the Trustees.
98     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                     Strategic Report     Governance Report      Financial Statements


Annual report on remuneration continued

Remuneration in 2026/27                                                                                                Simon Roberts will receive a maximum award of 250 per cent of salary and Bláthnaid Bergin will receive
Details of the salary increases, pension opportunity and annual bonus and LTIP awards (including a summary             a maximum award of 225 per cent of salary.
of the performance measures and relative weightings, are provided on page 84.                                          The Leaders’ Share Award is subject to a two-year retention period following the end of the three-year
                                                                                                                       performance period. This will result in awards to Executive Directors being released after a five-year period.
Annual bonus
                                                                                                                                                   Weighting               Threshold 25% of element vests              Maximum 100% of element vests
The annual bonus for 2026/27 will operate on the same basis as 2025/26.
                                                                                                                       Financial metrics
It will be based 50 per cent on profit, 20 per cent on retail free cash flow and 30 per cent on strategic objectives   Underlying basic EPSa) 17.5%                                                24.0p                                        30.0p
(equally weighted between customer, colleague and individual objectives). The colleague element will include           Cumulative cost savings 17.5%                                             £600m                                        £900m
colleague engagement and improvement of our gender and ethnically diverse representation at senior levels.
                                                                                                                       Cumulative retail free 17.5%                                             £1,550m                                      £1,850m
The maximum annual bonus award opportunity for the Chief Executive is 220 per cent of base salary and for              cash flowa)
the Chief Financial Officer is 180 per cent of base salary. 50 per cent will be paid in cash and 50 per cent in        ROCEa)                  17.5%                                                9.0%                                         11.0%
shares deferred for two years.                                                                                         Strategic indicators
The profit and retail free cash flow targets are set against the Company’s expected performance and are                Market share            7.5%                       Targets are commercially sensitive and will be disclosed
subject to a rigorous process of challenge before the proposals are approved by the Board. The targets are                                                                         at the end of the performance period
set considering external forecasts and stretching performance in excess of internal forecasts is required for          Customer satisfaction 7.5%                         0bps improvement against              94bps improvement against
a maximum payout. The strategic objectives ensure that management continues to focus on operational                                                                             Company CSAT score                     Company CSAT score
priorities which contribute to the achievement of Group performance over the short and long term.                      Colleague engagement 7.5%                                      -4 vs 2025 score                       +1 vs 2025 score
The Board is of the opinion that any performance targets for the current year annual bonus are commercially            Plan for Better      7.5%
sensitive as the Company operates in a highly competitive, consumer-facing sector. The disclosure of targets would     Scope 1                                 399,332 tCO2e absolute GHG emissions 326,726 tCO2e absolute GHG emissions
provide competitors with insights into the Company’s strategic aims, budgeting and growth projections. However,        Food waste                                      6% above Food Waste target           6% below Food Waste target
in line with previous years, the Company will retrospectively disclose the targets in next year’s Annual Report.
                                                                                                                       a) These measures are defined in the Alternative Performance Measures section of the Annual Report on pages 203 to 206.

2026 Leaders’ Share Award                                                                                              In line with previous grants, the Remuneration Committee must be satisfied that the Company’s underlying
During the year, we reviewed our incentive arrangements and determined the current Long-Term Incentive                 performance over the period justifies the level of vesting; vesting will be reduced if this is not the case.
Plan structure supports the delivery of our strategy. In line with last year, our 2026 Leaders’ Share Award will       When making this judgement the Committee has scope to consider such factors as it deems relevant. The
vest subject to the eight metrics that align to our performance commitments used to measure our progress.              Committee believes that this discretion is an important feature of the Long-Term Incentive Plan arrangement
Awards will be granted under the Long-Term Incentive Plan approved by shareholders in 2024.                            and mitigates the risk of unwarranted vesting outcomes. This performance gateway assessment applies to all
                                                                                                                       outstanding LTIP awards.
The four financial metrics (EPS, cost savings, retail free cash flow and ROCE) will each have a weighting of 17.5
per cent, a total of 70 per cent overall. The total weighting on the strategic indicators (market share, customer
satisfaction, colleague engagement and Plan for Better) is 30 per cent and each element has a weighting of 7.5 per
cent. The Committee has set stretching targets against these measures for the 2026 awards as shown in the table.
The Committee has reviewed which Plan for Better objectives should be measured through our incentive
arrangements and has determined that Scope 1 emissions and food waste should be included.
99     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                    Strategic Report   Governance Report       Financial Statements


Annual report on remuneration continued

 2026 Leaders’ Share Award performance measures                                                                   Non-Executive Director remuneration
                                                                                                                  Single total figure of remuneration for Non-Executive Directors (audited information)
 (definitions for previous awards can be found in the relevant                                                    The table below shows a single remuneration figure for all qualifying services for the 52 weeks to 28 February
 Annual Report)                                                                                                   2026 for each Non-Executive Director, together with comparative figures for the 52 weeks to 1 March 2025.
 EPS                                                          Return on capital employed (ROCE)                                                                                            2025/26                               2024/25
 • EPS directly reflects returns generated                    • ROCE represents the total capital that the                                                                        Fees  a) Benefits b)   Total         Fees a)   Benefits b)    Total
                                                                                                                                                                                  £000        £000       £000          £000         £000        £000
   for shareholders                                             Group has utilised in order to generate
 • Underlying basic EPS is underlying profit after              profits. Management uses this to assess the       Martin Scicluna                                                 550              0     550            533            0         533
   tax attributable to the equity holders of the                performance of the business                       Jo Bertram                                                       78              0      78             76            0          76
   parent, divided by the weighted average number             • It is defined as return divided by average        Katie Bickerstaffe                                               52              0      52            N/A          N/A         N/A
   of ordinary shares in issue during the year                  capital employed where:                           Brian Cassinc)                                                   34              1      35             97            0          97
                                                                – Return is defined as 52-week rolling            Steve Hare                                                       52              0      52            N/A          N/A         N/A
 Cumulative cost savings                                            underlying profit before interest and tax     Jo Harlow                                                       100              2     102             97            0          97
 • Cumulative cost savings represents cost                      – Capital employed is defined as Group net
   reductions over the performance period as a                                                                    Adrian Hennah                                                   114              0     114             97            0          97
                                                                    assets excluding pension deficit/surplus,
   result of identified initiatives. This is a key                                                                Tanuj Kapilashrami                                               78              0      78             76            0          76
                                                                    less net debt
   long-term measure which is fundamental to                                                                      Keith Weed                                                      100              6     106             97            7         104
                                                              • The average is calculated on a 14-point basis –
   delivering returns to shareholders
                                                                the prior year closing capital employed,          a) Paid in relation to the year. Fees were set on 26 May 2024 and 25 May 2025.
 Cumulative retail free cash flow                               the current year closing capital employed,
                                                                                                                  b) The benefits for the Non-Executive Directors relate to the reimbursement of travelling expenses to Board meetings held at the
                                                                and 12 intra-year periods, as this more closely
 • Retail free cash flow measures the total flow of                                                                  Company’s registered office.
                                                                aligns to the recognition of amounts in the
   cash in and out of the business as well as providing                                                           c)   Brian Cassin stepped down from the Board on 3 July 2025.
                                                                income statement
   an assessment of underlying profitability
                                                                                                                  In 2025 the Chair and Non-Executive Directors’ fees were reviewed and an increase of three per cent was
 • Retail free cash flow for these purposes is net            Market share
   cash generated from retail operations, after cash                                                              approved in line with senior management colleagues. The Chair fee increased to £553,719 and the base fee for
                                                              • Sainsbury’s market share (volume) based on
   capital expenditure and including payments of                                                                  Non-Executive Directors increased to £78,697. Senior Independent Director and Committee Chair fees increased
                                                                Kantar panel data
   lease obligations, and cash flows from joint                                                                   from £21,091 to £21,724. The new fee levels were effective from 25 May 2025.
   ventures and associates. Excludes capital                  Customer                                            Non-Executive Directors receive a base annual cash fee; additional fees are paid to the Senior Independent Director
   injections to, dividends from, and any other               • Based on Company CSAT (excluding Bank             and to the Chairs of the Audit, Remuneration and Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committees.
   exceptional cash movements with or on behalf                 and Tu)
   of Sainsbury’s Bank and its subsidiaries. It is                                                                The Chair and Non-Executive Directors receive no benefits other than a colleague discount card and reasonable
   measured on a cumulative basis over the                    Colleague                                           business travel expenses.
   three-year performance period                              • Colleague engagement is measured using our
                                                                annual We’re Listening survey

                                                              Plan for Better
                                                              • Absolute, market-based, Scope 1 GHG emissions,
                                                                which includes our direct emissions from
                                                                heating, refrigerant gas and owned delivery
                                                                vehicles/logistics fuel
                                                              • Food waste sent to anaerobic digestion as a
                                                                percentage of total tonnes handled (%)

      More information can be found in the Alternative performance measures
       section of the Annual Report on pages 203 to 206
100       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report       Governance Report        Financial Statements


Annual report on remuneration continued

Non-Executive Director remuneration continued                                                                                              Pay in the wider organisation
Chair and Non-Executive Director fees for 2026/27                                                                                          Chief Executive pay ratio
In 2026 the Chair and Non-Executive Directors’ fees were reviewed and an increase of three per cent was                                    The following table provides pay ratio data in respect of the Chief Executive’s total remuneration (as shown in
approved in line with senior management colleagues. The following table sets out the fee levels which are                                  the single figure table on page 94 compared to the remuneration of the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile of UK
effective from 24 May 2026.                                                                                                                colleagues). All three of these colleagues are retail hourly paid colleagues, with the 50th percentile colleague
                                                                                                                                           earning a London rate of pay and the 75th percentile colleague earning an additional unsociable hours
                                                                                                       Fees effective from 24 May 2026
                                                                                                                                           premium.
Chair                                                                                                                        £570,331
Base fee                                                                                                                      £81,058      The Chief Executive’s total remuneration comprises a significant proportion of variable pay which will change
Senior Independent Director fee (additional)                                                                                  £22,376      each year depending on incentive outcomes.
Chair of Remuneration Committee fee (additional)                                                                              £22,376                                                                 25th percentile pay ratio 50th percentile pay ratio 75th percentile pay ratio
                                                                                                                                           Financial year Method                                               (lower quartile)                 (median)           (upper quartile)
Chair of Audit Committee fee (additional)                                                                                     £22,376
                                                                                                                                           2019/20         Option Ba)                                                     173:1                   173:1                     153:1
Chair of Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee fee (additional)                                               £22,376
                                                                                                                                           2020/21b)       Option Ba)                                                     122:1                   122:1                     107:1
                                                                                                                                           2021/22         Option Ba)                                                     202:1                   183:1                     178:1
Non-Executive Directors’ shareholdings and share interests
                                                                                                                                           2022/23         Option Ba)                                                     247:1                   229:1                     218:1
The beneficial interest of the Non-Executive Directors, in the shares of the Company are shown below.
                                                                                                                                           2023/24         Option Ba)                                                     227:1                   212:1                     202:1
                                                                                                   Ordinary sharesa)
                                                                                                                                           2024/25         Option Ba)                                                     217:1                   195:1                     194:1
                                                                                    1 March 2025 28 February 2026          22 April 2026
                                                                                                                                           2025/26         Option Ba)                                                     219:1                   198:1                     197:1
Martin Scicluna                                                                          15,000             15,000              15,000
Jo Bertram                                                                                8,000              8,000               8,000     a) Option B as defined in the regulations.
Katie Bickerstaffeb)                                                                        N/A             24,370              24,370     b) Change in Chief Executive impacted single figure and resulting pay ratio.
Brian Cassin c)                                                                          25,000                N/A                 N/A
                                                                                                                                           The colleagues used to calculate the pay ratios were identified using our 2025 gender pay gap data. In line
Steve Hareb)                                                                                N/A              3,000               3,000     with the regulations, our 2025 gender pay gap data identifies employees using a snapshot date of 5 April 2025.
Jo Harlow                                                                                 8,000              8,000               8,000     This method has been chosen as it makes use of our gender pay data, which provided a readily available and
Adrian Hennah                                                                            15,000             15,000              15,000     robust dataset.
Tanuj Kapilashrami                                                                       10,500             10,500              10,500
                                                                                                                                           A full-time equivalent total pay figure was calculated for each of these colleagues using the single figure
Keith Weed                                                                                2,446              2,446               2,446     methodology. The approach includes base salaries, pension contributions and any relevant pay premiums. To
                                                                                                                                           ensure these three colleagues were a suitable representative of their quartile, the total pay figures calculated
a) Ordinary shares are beneficial holdings which include the Directors’ personal holdings and those of their spouses and minor children.
                                                                                                                                           were compared against a sample of colleagues either side of the three identified colleagues.
b) Steve Hare and Katie Bickerstaffe joined the Board on 3 July 2025.
                                                                                                                                           The following table provides base salary and total remuneration information in respect of the 25th, 50th and
c)    Brian Cassin stepped down from the Board on 3 July 2025.
                                                                                                                                           75th percentile colleagues, on a full-time equivalent basis for the period 2 March 2025 to 28 February 2026.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      25th percentile pay ratio 50th percentile pay ratio 75th percentile pay ratio
                                                                                                                                           Financial year Remuneration             Chief Executive             (lower quartile)                 (median)           (upper quartile)
                                                                                                                                           2025/26         Base salary        £1,002,000                            £24,079                   £26,467                    £26,627
                                                                                                                                                           Total remuneration £5,431,000                            £24,836                   £27,415                    £27,546

                                                                                                                                           The Remuneration Committee considers pay ratios as one of many reference points when reviewing executive
                                                                                                                                           remuneration and considers that the median pay ratio for 2025/26 is consistent with the pay, reward and
                                                                                                                                           progression policies for the Company. Due to the nature of the role of the Chief Executive, the Committee
                                                                                                                                           believes that it is important for a significant portion of the Chief Executive’s remuneration package to be
                                                                                                                                           performance related and aligned to the long-term, sustainable success of the Company. As a result, the Chief
                                                                                                                                           Executive’s single figure fluctuates each year depending on the Company’s performance and the outturns of
                                                                                                                                           the incentive plans and this will impact the pay ratio reported in any single year.
101       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Annual report on remuneration continued

Percentage change in Executive and Non-Executive Director remuneration
The table below shows the percentage change in the salary, benefits and bonus of Executive and Non-Executive Directors compared with the percentage change in the average of each of those components of pay for all our
colleagues, over the past five years.
                                    Percentage change in remuneration               Percentage change in remuneration                 Percentage change in remuneration                 Percentage change in remuneration             Percentage change in remuneration
                                          from 2020/21 - 2021/22                          from 2021/22 - 2022/23                            from 2022/23 - 2023/24                            from 2023/24 - 2024/25                        from 2024/25 - 2025/26
                                     Salary        Benefits          Bonus            Salary        Benefits          Bonus             Salary        Benefits          Bonus            Salary         Benefits          Bonus         Salary      Benefits         Bonus
                                  % change        % change        % change         % change        % change        % change          % change        % change        % change         % change         % change        % change      % change      % change       % change
Simon Roberts                         0.0%           42.7%             N/A             2.7%         -29.2%             1.5%             3.9%            12.4%            20.8%            4.0%             1.3%           -5.2%          3.2%            3.7%        -2.1%
Bláthnaid Bergina)                     N/A             N/A             N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A            3.1%            -0.7%           -4.1%          3.2%           -3.1%        -2.1%
Martin Scicluna                       0.0%            0.0%             N/A             2.7%            0.0%             N/A             3.9%              N/A              N/A            4.0%           -100%              N/A          3.2%            0.0%          N/A
Jo Bertramb)                           N/A             N/A             N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A             3.9%           -100%               N/A            4.0%             0.0%             N/A          3.2%            0.0%          N/A
Katie Bickerstaffec)                   N/A             N/A             N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A             N/A              N/A             N/A           N/A             N/A          N/A
Brian Cassind)                        0.0%            0.0%             N/A            22.1%            0.0%             N/A            12.0%             0.0%              N/A            4.0%             0.0%             N/A          3.2%             N/A          N/A
Steve Harec)                           N/A             N/A             N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A             N/A              N/A             N/A           N/A             N/A          N/A
Jo Harlowe)                           0.0%            0.0%             N/A             7.2%            0.0%             N/A             4.9%              N/A              N/A            4.0%           -100%              N/A          3.2%             N/A          N/A
Adrian Hennahe)f)                      N/A             N/A             N/A            18.4%          -100%              N/A             3.7%             0.0%              N/A            4.0%             0.0%             N/A         18.1%            0.0%          N/A
Tanuj Kapilashrami                    0.0%            0.0%             N/A             2.9%            0.0%             N/A             3.9%             0.0%              N/A            4.0%             0.0%             N/A          3.2%            0.0%          N/A
Keith Weede)                          0.0%            0.0%             N/A            22.1%            0.0%             N/A            12.0%              N/A              N/A            4.0%          -43.4%              N/A          3.2%          -21.5%          N/A
All colleaguesg)                     -1.2%          -21.9%            5.2%             7.6%          -6.6%            -5.4%            15.3%             0.8%            30.2%           13.3%             1.6%          -14.6%          6.6%            4.9%        9.7%

a) Bláthnaid Bergin was appointed to the Board on 5 March 2023.
b) Jo Bertram joined the Board on 7 May 2022. Jo’s 2022/23 fee has been annualised to provide a more meaningful comparison for 2023/24.
c)    Katie Bickerstaffe and Steve Hare joined the Board on 3 July 2025.
d) Brian Cassin stepped down from his roles as both Non-Executive Director and Senior Independent Director on 3 July 2025. His fee for 2025/26 has been annualised to provide a more meaningful comparison.
e)    Year-on-year changes in Non-Executive Director fee levels will be impacted by responsibility and Committee membership changes during the year.
f)    Adrian Hennah took on the Senior Independent Director role effective 3 July 2025. The % Salary change from 2024/25 to 2025/26 reflects actual fees received and has not been annualised.
g) All colleague figures relate to averages based on number of full-time equivalent colleagues. These comparisons will be materially impacted by the grade mix of colleagues.


Relative importance of spend on pay
The table below illustrates the year-on-year change in total colleague pay (being the aggregate staff costs as set out in note 8.2 to the financial statements) and distributions to shareholders (declared dividends and share buy back).
                                                                Colleague pay                                                                                                                     Distribution to shareholders
                     2024/25                                       2025/26                                                                                    2024/25                                       2025/26
                       £m                                            £m                                        % change                                         £m                                            £m                                   % change
                     4,091                                          4,319                                        5.5%                                            508a)                                       816a)                                  60.6%

a) The percentage change in the declared dividend excluding share buy back and the special dividend is 2.6 per cent.
102     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report        Governance Report     Financial Statements


Annual report on remuneration continued

   TSR performance since March 2016
      250



      200



      150



      100



       50


        0
      Mar-16                   Mar-17                   Mar-18                   Mar-19                      Mar-20                 Mar-21                   Mar-22                   Mar-23                   Mar-24                    Mar-25                  Mar-26

                                              Sainsbury’s                                    FTSE 100                                  FTSE All-Share Food & Drug Retailers

Performance and Chief Executive remuneration
The graph shows the TSR performance of an investment of £100 in J Sainsbury plc shares over the last ten years compared with an equivalent investment in the FTSE 100 Index. The FTSE 100 Index has been selected to provide
an established and broad-based index. The graph also includes data for the FTSE All-Share Food & Drug Retailers Index. The Company is a constituent of both indices. The table details the total remuneration for the Chief Executive
over this period.
Chief Executive                                                              2016/17               2017/18              2018/19               2019/20               2020/21 a)            2021/22               2022/23               2023/24            2024/25              2025/26
Single figure remuneration (£000)            S Roberts                           —                     —                    —                     —                  1,325                 3,599                 5,217                  4,806              5,179               5,431
                                             M Coupe                          2,354                 3,630                3,569                 2,999                 1,447                    —                     —                      —                  —                   —
Bonus/Bonus Shares/Deferred                  S Roberts                           —                     —                     —                     —                    0%                  87%                   86%                   100%                91%               86.5%
Share Award award as a
                                             M Coupe                           35%                   57%                   56%                   22%                    0%                     —                     —                       —               —                    —
percentage of maximum
LTIP vesting percentage                      S Roberts                           —                     —                     —                     —                  60%                   70%                 77.5%                    70%              72.5%               72.5%
of maximum                                   M Coupe                         22.5%                 42.5%                   55%                   65%                  60%                     —                     —                      —                  —                   —

a) For 2020/21, Simon Robert’s figures relate to the time he was Chief Executive Officer during 2020/21 and, consistent with the single figure table, the figures for Mike Coupe relate to the time up until his departure on 2 July 2020.
103    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                           Strategic Report    Governance Report       Financial Statements


Annual report on remuneration continued

Governance – the Remuneration Committee
Directors’ contracts
Executive Directors have rolling contracts which are terminable on 12 months’ notice by either party. Non-Executive Directors are appointed for an initial three-year period, which may be extended for a further term by mutual
consent. The initial appointments and any subsequent reappointments are subject to annual election or re-election by shareholders. Non-Executive Directors’ appointments may be terminated at any time by giving three
months’ written notice by either party and six months, in the case of the Non-Executive Chair.

Advisers to the Remuneration Committee
The Committee is authorised by the Board to appoint external advisers if it considers this beneficial. Over the course of the year, the Committee was supported by its appointed advisers, Deloitte LLP (Deloitte).
Deloitte were reappointed by the Committee as advisers in 2013 following a competitive tender. Deloitte are members of the Remuneration Consulting Group and, as such, operate under the Code of Conduct in relation to
executive remuneration consulting in the UK. During the year, the Committee reviewed the advice provided by Deloitte and has confirmed that it has been objective and independent. The Committee has also determined that
the Deloitte partner who provides remuneration advice to the Committee does not have any connections with the Company that may impact their independence. The Committee has reviewed the potential for conflicts of
interest and judged that there were appropriate safeguards against such conflicts.
During the year Deloitte provided advice to the Committee on a range of topics including remuneration trends, corporate governance, remuneration policy, incentive plan design and incentive plan rules. Their consultants
attended all of the Committee meetings. In relation to their advice, Deloitte received fees of £142,250 (fees are based on hours spent). During the year, Deloitte provided the Company with unrelated advice and consultancy in
respect of information technology, operating models, data analytics and taxation.

Statement of voting at general meeting
The table below sets out the votes on the Directors’ Remuneration Report (excluding the Policy) at the 2025 AGM and on the Directors’ Remuneration Policy at the 2023 AGM. The Committee is keen to hear the views of all
shareholders and continually reviews the Remuneration Policy and its implementation.
                                                                                                                                                                                           Votes for     Votes against       Votes abstained
Remuneration Report (2025 vote)                                                                                                                                                            97.89%             2.11%                      —
                                                                                                                                                                                     1,518 million        33 million              1 million
Remuneration Policy (2023 vote)                                                                                                                                                            99.12%            0.88%                       —
                                                                                                                                                                                     1,782 million        16 million            0.2 million

Approved by the Board on 22 April 2026.




Jo Harlow
Chair, Remuneration Committee
104    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                Strategic Report    Governance Report     Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

Introduction                                                                                                        The Board recognises the importance of ensuring that there is appropriate climate-related expertise within the
To improve business resilience to growing environmental challenges and contribute towards developing a more         business. The Board continues to upskill in this area and understands that responding to the impacts of climate
sustainable food system, we need to understand our impacts and dependencies related to nature, climate              change involves everyone in the organisation. This year, our Finance and Sustainability teams regularly
and human rights issues and the interconnectedness between them. We are aware of the role we must play in           presented upskill sessions on sustainability-related topics, such as embedding an internal carbon price,
addressing these current, evolving and future issues.                                                               development of carbon reduction roadmaps, EU Deforestation Regulation compliance and our approach to
                                                                                                                    sustainable sourcing and environmental resilience to the Senior Leadership Team at the Plan for Better
This disclosure focuses on the required elements from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures       Acceleration Squad with Board level oversight from the Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee.
(TCFD). However, as part of our commitment to nature, we also became an early adopter of the Taskforce on           More broadly, we also continue to upskill the wider Finance, Commercial and Technical teams across the Food
Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD). To demonstrate the interconnectedness of environmental issues          and General Merchandise divisions on areas such as carbon emission reductions, food waste reductions and
across our business we have signposted, within this disclosure, the areas which are common to both climate          nature-related topics such as those relating to water risks, soil health and sustainable sourcing.
and nature, particularly in the Governance and Risk Management sections. We aim to build out our TNFD
                                                                                                                         See pages 56 to 58 for biographies of our Board members, including their skills and experience.
disclosure over time, increase the scope and depth of coverage of nature-related issues and begin quantifying
the impact of these issues across the business as well as introducing TNFD aligned metrics and targets.
                                                                                                                    Board Committees
Additional TNFD specific requirements are included in our standalone Plan for Better Report.
                                                                                                                    The Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee reviews the sustainability strategy, which includes
We have a Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 1.5°C aligned target to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG)               climate and monitors the business engagement with our key stakeholders.
emissions to net zero within our own operations by 2035 and in our Scope 3 emissions by 2050. We have proven
                                                                                                                    The Remuneration Committee reviews remuneration for Executive Directors against our Plan for Better targets
success in reducing our own emissions and we are engaging closely with our suppliers to ensure we are driving
                                                                                                                    and metrics. These Long-Term Incentive Plans are reviewed annually and include sustainability targets. See
positive change across our value chain.
                                                                                                                    page 96 for more details on which targets are included.
Tackling climate change is not achievable by any business or organisation alone. Collaboration across industry,
                                                                                                                    The Audit Committee reviews risks and confidence in the climate-related metrics that we disclose.
NGOs, government and beyond is required if we are to deliver the action required to meet our collective targets.
Collaboration with our supply base is a critical unlocker but it is equally important that we participate in             Further information on the Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability, Remuneration and Audit Committees can be
sector-wide initiatives that strengthen resilience in the wider food system. We continue to work closely with             found on pages 71 to 103.
key partners across our industry including the Institute of Grocery Distribution (IGD), the Waste and Resources
Action Programme (WRAP), the British Retail Consortium (BRC) and the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) to align
                                                                                                                    Governance b) Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks
approaches on common issues and help drive systemic change at scale.                                                and opportunities
Over the last decade we have taken many strides forward in our efforts to decarbonise our business. However,
                                                                                                                    Operating Board
we know that climate change risk is evolving and we must look ahead and scenario plan to inform decisions           The Operating Board defines and monitors the business-wide strategy, including climate-related matters, adapting
over the short, medium and long term. Our TCFD disclosure explains how we have identified, responded to and         to new regulatory requirements and trends and approving major investments including capital allocation. The
monitored the impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on our business, including how we embed            Operating Board is chaired by the Chief Executive, who also sits on the Board and the Corporate Responsibility
our findings into our wider strategy to bolster our environmental resilience. This is our sixth year of reporting   and Sustainability Committee.
against the recommendations set by the TCFD. We have complied with the Financial Conduct Authority                       Further information on the key climate-related discussions is on page 63.
Listing Rule LR 6.6.6(8) by including climate-related financial disclosures consistent with all of the TCFD
recommendations which we discuss below.                                                                             Plan for Better Acceleration Squad
                                                                                                                    The Plan for Better Acceleration Squad supports the Operating Board and leads the operational execution of
Governance                                                                                                          our Plan for Better strategy, by overseeing business activity and monitoring performance against our climate-
Governance a) Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities                                          related metrics. The Acceleration Squad is sponsored by the Chief Commercial and Sustainability Officer
The processes outlined in this section on governance for climate-related matters are the same for nature and        and has cross-divisional representation at the senior leadership level. Climate risks are reviewed annually
human rights-related matters.                                                                                       at the Acceleration Squad with Board-level oversight from the Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability
                                                                                                                    Committee. Climate-related risks and mitigations are monitored throughout the year by the Plan for Better
The Board                                                                                                           business leads and the Acceleration Squad. The Government Affairs team provides regular updates to the
The Board is accountable for risk management, strategy and target setting of our principal environmental risk,      Plan for Better Acceleration Squad, the Operating Board and the Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability
including climate-related matters. The Board monitors how we are responding to climate-related risks and            Committee on relevant legislation and regulation impacting Plan for Better, including those relating to climate.
opportunities, identified through the risk management process and scenario analysis. The Board also oversees             Further information on the Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee can be found in its report on pages
our Plan for Better strategy, which includes climate-related matters and is responsible for setting targets and           71 to 72, providing information on the governance structure, its responsibilities, meeting frequency and principal
monitoring progress against our climate-related metrics. Details on the frequency of Board meetings are in our            activities in the year.
wider governance section on page 55.
105      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report      Governance Report        Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

Strategy                                                                                                         Time horizons
This section explains how our strategy responds to the impacts and opportunities of climate change on our        Time period      Years                  Reason
business. We acknowledge that climate change is a key driver of nature loss and can exacerbate nature-related    Short            0 to 5 years           Aligned to our financial planning cycle
risks such as water availability and excess challenges Therefore, some of the impacts and opportunities          Medium           5 to 15 years          Nearer term focusing on transition risks and opportunities
discussed in this disclosure are linked to our nature-related impacts and dependencies and are relevant for
TNFD. As our approach to TNFD evolves over time, we aim to better quantify the impact of wider nature-related    Long             15 to 50 years         Longer term focusing on physical risks and opportunities
issues, such as soil degradation, on our business to ensure we have a comprehensive view of the impacts of
environmental risks across our business.                                                                         The table below captures the key climate-related risks and opportunities impacting our business, identified
                                                                                                                 through our risk management and internal control framework and qualitative scenario analysis. The financial
Our business risk and resilience strategy, covering climate, environmental, human rights, geopolitical and       impacts assume that actions are taken by the business to mitigate the climate-related risks and maximise the
economic risks, has an established governance framework and a dedicated team to identify, track and              climate-related opportunities (see pages 109 to 110 for key actions).
mitigate supply chain risks across fresh and grocery food categories. Under this strategy, we are establishing
long-term strategic supplier partnerships, dynamic sourcing models and joint risk management plans to            Risks
strengthen surety of supply. For environmental risks, we have risk mapped against our sourcing regions and                                                                                                                  Financial impact
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (assuming actions are
commodities using eight indicators: water stress, heat stress, flood risk, water pollution, biodiversity loss,   Risk descriptiona)                                     Time horizon      Risk type        Classification   taken to mitigate risks)
soil degradation, deforestation and conversion. These insights inform deeper investigations where needed
                                                                                                                 Introduction of a carbon price leading                 Short/            Transition       Policy and       Medium revenue loss
and feed directly into commercial reviews to ensure mitigations are embedded into sourcing strategies and
                                                                                                                 to an increase in the cost of higher GHG               medium                             Legal
supplier contracts. Examples include olive oil and processed tomatoes. Looking ahead, we are expanding this
                                                                                                                 emission products
work through a more integrated, forward-looking resilience programme that focuses on enhancing supplier
relationships, developing a centralised data platform for environmental and supply risk analytics and building   Ban on the sale of new petrol/diesel                   Medium            Transition       Policy and       High revenue loss
capability across internal teams. This ensures our raw material procurement strategies continue to secure        cars and vans from 2035 leading to a                                                      Legal
long-term supply while proactively managing emerging risks and strengthening business resilience.                reduction in fuel sales
                                                                                                                 Increased likelihood of heat events,                   Short/            Physical         Acute/           Medium/high revenue
Strategy a) Climate-related risks and opportunities identified over the short, medium
                                                                                                                 flooding and droughts leading to a                     medium/                            chronic          loss
and long term                                                                                                    reduction in crop yields and increased                 long
Climate change impacts our business over the short, medium and long term. Climate-related risks are              sourcing costs
categorised into physical and transition risks. Physical risks could impact our operations and value chain
through extreme weather events, such as flooding or droughts. Transition risks, as a result of moving to a low   Increased likelihood of flooding       Short/                            Physical         Acute            Low revenue loss
carbon future, could impact us through changing consumer preferences or climate-related regulation, such as      leading to water damage and closure of medium/
carbon taxes.                                                                                                    stores and depots                      long

Climate change also presents opportunities to build business resilience and efficiency, to create new products
                                                                                                                 Opportunities
with a reduced environmental impact for our customers and to develop and invest in new technologies.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial impact
To classify climate-related impacts on our business we use our existing corporate processes (for risk                                                                                                                       (assuming actions are
                                                                                                                 Opportunity description                                Time horizon      Risk type        Classification   taken to mitigate risks)
management and financial planning cycles) to set the boundaries for financial impact ranges and time
                                                                                                                 Climate conscious consumers favouring Short/                             Transition       Reputation       Revenue opportunity
horizons (described further in the risk management section on page 40).
                                                                                                                 lower GHG emission products           medium
Financial impact ranges                                                                                          Investment in climate change solutions Short/                            Transition       Technology Equity growth
Impact          Financial range (revenue)                                                                                                               medium                                                        opportunity
High            Greater than £125 million                                                                        Increasing demand for electric                         Medium            Transition       Policy and       Revenue opportunity
Medium          £25 million to £125 million                                                                      vehicle chargingb)                                                                        Legal
Low             Less than £25 million                                                                            a)
                                                                                                                      There are interdependencies between the climate risks and opportunities identified, such as the introduction of a carbon price
                                                                                                                      providing further incentive for climate conscious customers to favour lower GHG emission products.
                                                                                                                 b)
                                                                                                                      We are focusing on strengthening the offer and building revenue in our top supermarkets and will invest selectively where we can
                                                                                                                      see a clear opportunity for returns with the costs associated with the infrastructure considered within our corporate plan. Further
                                                                                                                      details are on page 113.
106     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report      Governance Report   Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

Strategy continued                                                                                                       Key climate-related risk/
                                                                                                                         opportunity                 How our strategy addresses the risks and opportunities identified
Strategy b) Impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on business, strategy                                      Investment in climate       We continue to invest in engineering innovation, energy efficiency and carbon
and financial planning                                                                                                   change solutions            reduction initiatives. These costs have been embedded into our corporate financial
Our climate-related strategy is designed to respond to and manage the impacts of climate-related risks and                     Reduce carbon        plans which are approved by the Board. These initiatives are necessary to achieve
opportunities that we have identified and support us in our journey to achieving our SBTi approved 2030 near-                   emissions            our net zero targets.
term and net zero targets. We have a target to achieve net zero within our own operations by 2035 and in our
                                                                                                                               Reduce food waste     When investing in our estate we consider the areas that will help us meet our
Scope 3 emissions by 2050.
                                                                                                                                                     Scope 1 and 2 net zero target by 2035. This includes actions to reduce energy
We outline below the key actions we are taking to address the impacts of identified climate-related risks and                                        consumption through efficiency measures, the removal of gas heating and the
opportunities.                                                                                                                                       removal of hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) refrigerant gas and replacement with natural
Key climate-related risk/                                                                                                                            alternatives – CO2. We have continued to invest in on-site renewable electricity
opportunity                 How our strategy addresses the risks and opportunities identified                                                        generation and purchase 100 per cent renewable electricity through a portfolio of
Climate conscious           Our Next Level strategy continues to focus on being first choice for food and playing a                                  Power Purchase agreements as well as purchasing Renewable Energy Certificates.
consumers                   leading role in creating a more sustainable food system in the UK. We want our                                           Examples of innovative technology that we have introduced include: the trial and
favouring lower             customers to be able to access affordable, nutritious and diverse food that forms part of                                subsequent rollout of a new air curtain that reduces air infiltration through our
GHG emission                a healthy and sustainable diet, particularly with more customers wanting to make                                         doors, helping to maintain store temperatures more efficiently. We have also
products                    sustainable choices when it comes to food. We continue to support a healthy and                                          trialled a new building management system that has demonstrated improved
       Healthy and         sustainable portfolio with a focus on the development and promotion of plant-rich foods                                  control over heating and lighting and will be looking to roll this out across our
        sustainable         (such as fruit, vegetables and fibre-rich foods), lower GHG animal protein and meat                                      estate over the coming year. We continue to install our innovative Refrigeration
        diets               alternatives, to capture switching calories from existing and new customers. We are                                      Integrated Heating and Cooling (RIHC) systems, which replace natural gas heating
                            learning from the success of our lower carbon Discovery beef range to explore how we                                     by using the refrigeration systems to provide all heating and cooling requirements.
       Reduce carbon
                            can reduce the emissions of our products and develop lower carbon products across
        emissions                                                                                                                                    In-store refrigeration systems are replaced according to their lifecycles, ensuring
                            other supply chains.
     Reduce food                                                                                                                                     that fridges using higher carbon HFC refrigerant gases are replaced with more
                            During the year we partnered with our coffee supplier to launch a new coffee range from                                  energy efficient natural CO2 refrigerants systems. Alongside this, we have
waste
                            La Celia. Through a holistic approach focused on low emission fertilisation and forest                                   identified all systems using the highest carbon HFC gases not due to be replaced
Introduction of a           restoration, as well as supporting the La Celia women farmers, we have helped to reduce                                  before 2030 and converted them to a lower carbon refrigerant gas to minimise their
carbon price                emissions on farm whilst enhancing the resilience of the environment and local                                           impact on the environment whilst they remain in the estate.
leading to an               communities. See our case study on page 110 for more details. We continue to build a
increase in the cost        culture of collaboration and long-term partnership with our suppliers to help establish a                                We continue to work towards transitioning our fleet to alternative fuels, with
of higher GHG               food system which supports farmers and growers.                                                                          the ambition of achieving this by 2035. 2025/26 has seen us progress several vehicle
emission products                                                                                                                                    decarbonisation initiatives including the addition of 30 heavy goods vehicle (HGV)
                            We are making progress on transitioning our shell eggs from brown to white eggs, which                                   trucks powered with fuel directly from food waste. This diesel alternative is 100 per
       Reduce carbon       are less carbon intensive and result in higher animal welfare outcomes, aiming towards 100                               cent biomethane, a renewable gas produced from the anaerobic digestion of unsold
        emissions           per cent in our own brand core ranges. Further details can be found in the case study on                                 food. We now operate over 200 electric Groceries Online vans and have an award-
                            page 107.                                                                                                                winning public network of rapid chargers for Sainsbury’s customers at 80 locations.
                            This year we also completed a trial with Strawson’s, one of our long-term produce                                        We have also started creating an electric HGV charging network across our estate,
                            suppliers, on the use of electric HGVs to explore the feasibility of moving away from                                    with three locations currently in development through a government funded Zero
                            fossil fuel use in our produce supply chains, agreeing a further rollout following a                                     Emission HGV and Infrastructure Demonstrator (ZEHID) initiative.
                            successful trial.                                                                                                        We are working closely with our external academic partner Imperial College on a
                            We continue to use recycled and alternative fibres in our garments, while exploring                                      longer-term project to understand the potential impact of climate change across our
                            options to advance our circularity programmes and improve operational efficiency. We                                     estate and any resilience measures and mitigations that may be required.
                            are also investigating how we can support fibre-to-fibre recycling by driving an
                            increase in textile take-back initiatives.
                            To better understand the financial impacts of these transition risks we have performed
                            quantitative scenario analysis on our Meat, Fish and Poultry and Clothing categories
                            (see page 109 for more details).
107     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                Strategic Report      Governance Report   Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

Key climate-related risk/                                                                                              Key climate-related risk/
opportunity                   How our strategy addresses the risks and opportunities identified                        opportunity                 How our strategy addresses the risks and opportunities identified
Ban on the sale of new        Following the launch of our dedicated electric vehicle (EV) charging business,           Increased likelihood of     We use real-time information to identify properties most at risk of flooding and
petrol/diesel cars and        Smart Charge, in 2024, our customers can now access 661 ultra-rapid EV charging          flooding leading to         conduct extensive flood risk assessments across our estate. In the highest risk sites,
vans from 2035 leading        points across 80 Sainsbury’s stores.                                                     water damage and            we have installed a variety of flood defence measures such as sandbags and hard
to a reduction in                                                                                                      closure of stores           infrastructure for longer-term flood protection.
                              To better understand the financial impacts of this transition risk we have performed
fuel sales                                                                                                             and depots
                              quantitative scenario analysis on our Fuel category (see page 109 for more details).                                 We continue to use the Volumetric Water Benefit Accounting (Replenish)
Increase in demand for                                                                                                      Water neutral         methodology to support us to offset water use across our stores through nature-
electrical vehicle                                                                                                           by 2040               based solutions (NbS). We are continuing to work to identify NbS that can both
charging
                                                                                                                                                   improve the resilience of our supply chain and stores, whilst increasing the water
       Reduce carbon                                                                                                                              resilience of priority catchments. This year we collaborated on Replenish projects at
        emissions                                                                                                                                  Coldharbour Farm, located in the River Sherway catchment. We have also
Increased likelihood of       We continue to work alongside key suppliers on sustainability issues with a focus on                                 collaborated with the Aire Resilience Company which aims to utilise NbS to
heat events, flooding         building supply chain resilience. This includes engaging with suppliers to understand                                strengthen climate resilience and reduce flood risk in the River Aire catchment. These
and droughts leading          their climate adaptation plans and ensuring the protection of nature and human rights                                activities not only improve flood defence of the wider catchment but also water
to a reduction in crop        across our supply chain. Our scenario analysis also considers how physical risks can                                 quality.
yields and increased          impact labour capacity so that we can identify which supply chains and geographical                                  To further our understanding of how material flood risk is to our estate we also
sourcing costs                locations could be most at risk of reduced labour capacity due to heat stress.                                       perform analysis to quantify the impact of coastal, river and surface water flooding
       Reduce carbon         This year, supported by a third party, we conducted a comprehensive assessment                                       at a property level across three financial parameters – revenue loss due to business
        emissions             of environmental risks (both climate and nature) across a significant proportion of                                  interruption, infrastructure damage and contents damage.
       Protecting and        our current and possible sourcing regions around the world, considering a wide                                             More information on our qualitative and quantitative assessment on our own operations
        regenerating          variety of commodities and products. This exercise assessed both current and                                                is detailed on page 108.
        nature                future environmental risks including water stress, flooding and heat stress. The
       Championing           output has helped our Commercial teams understand the possible impacts of
        human rights          sourcing decisions and where measures may need to be taken to mitigate risk                Case study
                              exposure and capitalise on opportunities.
                                                                                                                         Transitioning to eggs with a lower carbon footprint
                              Where supply chain geolocation information is known (such as farm or site level) or a
                                                                                                                         We are making progress on transitioning our shell eggs from brown to white eggs, aiming towards 100 per
                              more comprehensive understanding of risk is required, we conduct detailed analysis
                                                                                                                         cent in our own brand core ranges.
                              on exposure to environmental risks, accounting for any interregional variation. One
                              example of this is our continued rollout of Land App across our supply chain, a tool       Commissioning a life cycle assessment with three of our egg suppliers, white eggs were found to have a 12.7
                              which provides detailed mapping, at a farm level, of environmental risk exposure.          per cent lower carbon footprint than our brown eggs. This is largely due to better feed conversion and the
                                                                                                                         longer productive lifespan of the white hens. Additionally, white hens are less prone to feather pecking,
                                    More information on our qualitative assessment of our supply chain is detailed
                                      on page 108.                                                                       leading to higher animal welfare.
                                                                                                                         Transitioning to white eggs helps us to support our customers to make more sustainable dietary choices,
                              We utilise our assessments of environmental risk to help identify key asks for
                                                                                                                         while still maintaining the excellent taste, quality and nutrition they expect. This initiative has benefits
                              our suppliers. Based on our current risk assessment we ask that all our suppliers
                                                                                                                         across multiple areas of our Plan for Better, including carbon and animal health and welfare and
                              are required to have comprehensive water risk assessments and management
                                                                                                                         exemplifies our approach of collaborating with our suppliers to build a more resilient food system in the UK.
                              plans in place as standard and provide proof of legal water abstraction, pushing for
                              stronger certification alignment and encouraging collective action with other
                              stakeholders in the area.
                              To better understand the financial impacts of these physical risks we have
                              performed quantitative scenario analysis on our Produce, Cotton, Coffee and Tea
                              categories (see page 110 for more details).
108     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                              Strategic Report     Governance Report       Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

Strategy continued                                                                                                              Our products and supply chain
                                                                                                                                Working with a third party climate specialist we have performed qualitative scenario analysis to evaluate the impacts
Strategy c) Resilience of strategy, taking into consideration different climate related
                                                                                                                                of a wide range of different climate change risks on the product categories we sell. We considered the potential
scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario                                                                                    impact of 27 climate-related risks, including physical and transition risks. For physical risks, we considered the
Since 2021, we have continued to deepen our understanding of the climate-related risks and opportunities                        geographical sourcing for each of our product categories and assessed different physical risks under a high emissions
facing our business through qualitative and quantitative scenario analysis. We assess the impact of climate                     scenario. To evaluate transition risks, we considered the GHG emissions of our different product categories, as well
change and nature loss within high risk areas of our value chain as well as within our own operations. Scenario                 as how changing market dynamics and increased regulations could impact both production costs and revenue.
analysis can act as a ‘stress test’ for our current business operations and value chain and help to explore a
range of different outcomes. This allows us to evaluate the potential effects on our strategic and financial                    The below table shows the most material climate-related risks identified as well as the product categories
position under each of the defined scenarios. We use the results to inform strategic thinking on how to manage                  most exposed, which are reviewed annually by the Plan for Better Acceleration Squad with oversight from the
the identified risks and opportunities.                                                                                         Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee.
                                                                                                                                Type of risk     Most material risks                                      Most exposed categoriesa)
Qualitative scenario analysis
                                                                                                                                Physical         • Heat events                • Drought                   • Produce                    • Coffee
Our own operations                                                                                                              risks            • Labour capacity            • Flooding                  • Cotton                     • Tea
The increasing frequency and intensity of flood events demonstrate the physical impact that climate change
can have on our own operations directly through water damage to our infrastructure and indirectly by                            Transition       • Regulation,                • Changes in                • Meat, Fish and             • Clothing
hindering access for our customers and suppliers. Improving our understanding of future water-related risks                     risks              including carbon             consumer                    Poultry                    • Fuel
helps us inform our property investment strategy and assess the need for future building adaptations or wider                                      taxes                        preferences               • Dairy
flood mitigation activities.
                                                                                                                                a) We continually review the scope of categories assessed across our environmental risks, including across climate, nature and
We continue to work with a third party risk specialist to help us actively manage flood risk across our property                   human rights, both qualitatively and quantitatively. These categories may change as the environmental risks evolve over time.
estate through our real-time flood warning system, flood emergency plans for at-risk stores and investments
                                                                                                                                We have worked with a third party climate specialist to better understand the impact of physical climate risks
in flood defences. Our flood warning system uses geospatial mapping of our sites to predict flood location and
                                                                                                                                on selected supply chains in geographic areas of heightened risk including the UK, Spain, Peru, South Africa
threat level, allowing us to make timely decision and targeted investments to minimise the impact of flooding.
                                                                                                                                and Morocco. Using geolocation data from over 500 of our farms, we looked at five physical risks: flooding, heat
We model the impact of future flood risk on our operations under four climate scenarios (RCPa) 2.6, 4.5, 6 and 8.5) up          stress, water stress, wildfire and tropical cyclones, under three different climate scenarios (RCP 2.6, 4.5 and 8.5)
to 2100. We assign each store a floodability rating, measuring the frequency and flood depth to the risks of flooding           up to 2050. Overall, the qualitative analysis indicated that these supply chains are at high risk from heat stress,
from rivers, seas and surface level water. Over ten per cent of our estate continues to be assessed as ‘very high’ or ‘high’    water stress and wildfire under all climate scenarios and over all time frames. South Africa and the UK are most
risk of flooding and this does not significantly vary over time or across the four climate scenarios – this means that we       exposed to flood risk, but the qualitative analysis indicated that the risk is not expected to increase over time.
are not expecting flood risk to impact a significant proportion of the properties in our estate in the future. To further
                                                                                                                                We have broadened the scope of coverage for our supply chain locations and commodities assessed for
our understanding of how material the impact of flood risk is for our estate we continue to monitor the potential
                                                                                                                                environmental risks. We have assessed over 400 regions in 69 countries around the world, for eight different
financial impacts to help us to make proactive decisions on where to perform future risk surveys and determine the
                                                                                                                                environmental risks, with an increased focus on nature-related risks (e.g. water stress, water pollution, flooding,
most effective way to use capital to install physical flood defences across our estate and natural flood management
                                                                                                                                deforestation, conversion, biodiversity loss, soil health and heat stress). This has allowed us to identify some
solutions in the surrounding catchments.
                                                                                                                                of the key focus areas for environmental action and is used to inform decisions taken by our Technical and
                                                                                                                                Commercial teams about sourcing locations or for onboarding new suppliers as part of our existing due diligence
  Case study                                                                                                                    processes. It also helps us to identify where more comprehensive environmental requirements and mitigation
                                                                                                                                measures may be required. We expand on the detail of this exercise in our standalone Plan for Better Report.
  Tadcaster store flood protection
  Tadcaster is one of our stores we have identified as at high risk of flooding. In February 2022, during Storm                 Quantitative scenario analysis
  Franklin, our early flood warning system meant that we were able to put up flood defences eight hours                         Our own operations
  ahead of the Environment Agency flood warning, enabling us to avoid damage from the heavy rain and                            Building on the qualitative analysis undertaken above we also assess the potential financial impact from
  rising River Wharfe and reopen our store quickly once the flood risk passed.                                                  coastal, river and surface water flooding over two climate scenarios (RCP 2.6 and 8.5) in 2030, 2050 and 2100 at
                                                                                                                                a property level. We looked at three financial parameters: revenue loss due to business interruption, content
a) A Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP) is a GHG concentration trajectory adopted by the IPCC and refers to different   damage and damage to the building. Overall, the potential total financial impact as a proportion of total
   scenarios and actions that can be taken to manage climate change over time
                                                                                                                                retail revenue is low across all scenarios and time frames. The analysis helped to identify the most exposed
                                                                                                                                properties in our portfolio – 45 properties within our estate make up over 60 per cent of total potential financial
                                                                                                                                impact due to flood events. We intend to use this analysis to inform the strategic direction of flood mitigation
                                                                                                                                strategies and prioritisation of stores in collaboration with our Property and Facilities Management teams.
109       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report     Governance Report        Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

Our products and value chains                                                                                                                if transition goals are not met. Extending transition risk analysis beyond 2030 introduces a significant amount
Within our value chain we annually perform quantitative scenario analysis to determine the potential financial                               of uncertainty to our analysis. We have divided this section by looking at the impact of transition risk and
impacts of the most material climate risks on the most exposed product categories. The scenarios are built                                   physical risk separately and outlining mitigations that we are taking. We looked at the impact of transition
using data from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and publicly available climate data                                     risks, such as regulation and changes in consumer preferences, on the following product categories: Meat, Fish
from The World Bank Group, over two time horizons (2030 and 2050) and include a 2°C or lower scenario per the                                and Poultry, Clothing and Fuel. We did not include Dairy as the climate-related risks are assumed to be similar
recommendations of the TCFD. These time horizons align with our definition of medium and long term:                                          to Meat, Fish and Poultry. We looked at the impact of physical risks, such as heat events, labour capacity,
• 1.5°C – A pathway that limits global warming to below 1.5°C (low physical risk, high transition risk)                                      flooding and droughts in the following product categories: Produce, Cotton, Coffee and Tea.
• 2.4°C – Described by the IPCC as an intermediate scenario (medium physical and transition risk)                                            For all quantitative scenario analysis results disclosed in this section, the impacts for each product category
• 4.3°C – A high emissions worst case scenario pathway (high physical risk, low transition risk)                                             are considered in isolation and assumes no actions are taken by the business to mitigate the climate risks.
                                                                                                                                             The results should be treated as an indicative ‘order of magnitude’ assessment with significant uncertainty
Our analysis indicated that transition risks will be material leading up to 2030 as the global community strives                             attached and we have used a range for the potential revenue loss to reflect this uncertainty.
to limit global warming to below 1.5°C, whereas the impacts of physical risks are expected to manifest by 2050


Potential financial impact of climate-related transition risks on most exposed products in a low emissions scenario in 2030
To assess the financial impact associated with regulation and changes in consumer preferences, we evaluated the sale of Meat, Fish and Poultry, Clothing and Fuel in the UK. For regulation risks, we considered the impact of
a carbon price on the Meat, Fish and Poultry category and the ban of the sale of new petrol, diesel and hybrid cars and vans from 2035 on the Fuel category. For Meat, Fish and Poultry the carbon prices applied in our scenario
analysis align with IPCC data and costs are assumed to pass on directly to customers, reducing demand for the highest emission products in the Meat, Fish and Poultry category. For Fuel we have assumed a rapid uptake of
battery electric vehicles leading to a 22 per cent reduction in fuel demand by 2030. For consumer preference, we considered the impact of more climate conscious customers favouring lower GHG emission protein and purchasing
more second-hand clothing (displacing new clothing purchases).
The results show the potential revenue loss in a 1.5°C (low emissions) world in which physical risks associated with climate change are limited, but high transition risks are experienced as the world attempts to meet the Paris
Agreement. As the results do not reflect the impact of any mitigating actions, the Meat, Fish and Poultry results do not capture the business opportunity of developing and promoting lower GHG animal protein and meat
alternatives to capture switching calories from existing and new customers. The Fuel result does not capture the business opportunity from providing customer electric vehicle charging.
                               Annual revenue loss to most exposed categories in isolation in 1.5°C scenario in
                               2030, assuming no actions are taken to mitigate risks:                                 Mitigations that are being implemented/considered as part of our strategic planning to minimise the financial impacts of the risks identified:
Most material
                               Meat, Fish and
                                                                                                                      Meat, Fish and Poultry
transitional climate                                      Clothing               Fuel                                 • Continue to establish long-term contracts with key suppliers and work with them to reduce their GHG emissions, for example,
                               Poultry
risksa):                                                                                                                joint plans, supplier targets, animal health and welfare and feed efficiency, hosting action groups covering energy and carbon,
Regulation                     £150m to £200m        N/A                         £1,000m to £1,100m                     as well as our nature principles (manage water sustainably, improve biodiversity and soil health, protect and regenerate natural
                               revenue loss to MFP                               revenue loss to Fuel                   habitats and conserve marine ecosystems)
                               category in isolation                             category in isolation                • Continue to explore development of lower GHG emission animal protein within existing products (including a further rollout of
                                                                                                                        our Discovery beef range – our integrated beef supply chain) and promotion of meat alternatives to capture switching calories
                               Overall opportunity                               Smaller revenue loss risk/
                                                                                                                        from existing and new customers
                               to business                                       potential opportunity to
                                                                                                                      • Engagement with suppliers to source deforestation-free soy within our supply chain as well as engaging with industry peers to
                               post-mitigations                                  business post-mitigations
                                                                                                                        encourage their alignment with this approach
Changes in consumer £350m to £400m        £100m to £150m
preferences         revenue loss to MFP revenue loss to                                                               Clothing
                    category in isolation Clothing                                                                    • Increase the use of recycled and alternative fibres
                                          category in                                                                 • Explore options for circularity programmes
                    Overall opportunity
                                          isolation                                                                   • Signatories of UK Textiles Pact, which aims to reduce the aggregate water footprint of new products sold by 30 per cent and
                    to business
                                                                                                                        reduce carbon by 50 per cent
                    post-mitigations
                                                                                                                      • Continue to drive progress towards our target for 100 per cent of our cotton to be sourced to an independent standard. This year
                                                                                                                        we are collaborating with our key clothing and home textiles suppliers to achieve traceability to farm level
                                                                                                                      Fuel
                                                                                                                      • We continue to expand Smart Charge, our ultra-rapid EV charging service, helping to address the shortage of electric chargers in the UK
                                                                                                                      • We continue to develop decarbonisation roadmaps for our Scope 3 hotspots and investigate lower carbon fuel offerings at our
                                                                                                                        petrol filling stations

a)
      Risks should be considered in isolation as the complex interrelationship between multiple risks has not been considered.
110        J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report       Governance Report        Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

Strategy continued
Strategy c) Resilience of strategy, taking into consideration different climate related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario continued
Quantitative scenario analysis continued

     Case study
     La Celia low carbon coffee
     In July 2025, we launched a dedicated roast and ground coffee product from La Celia, Colombia, producing lower carbon coffee through a new growing model. By a switch to low-urea fertiliser and applied application to
     reduce excess, we have reduced emissions at farm level, on average by 30 per cent (compared to 2022), whilst also supporting and empowering dedicated women farmers. We have supported La Celia women farmers to plant
     native trees, sequestering carbon and mitigating soil erosion. Through workshops, field training and knowledge exchanges, there is a strong network where these women support each other, share best practices and inspire
     their communities. They have become advocates for climate-smart agriculture, role models for future generations and key players in Colombia’s coffee sector.

Potential financial impact of climate-related transition risks on most exposed products in a low emissions scenario in 2050
To assess the financial impact of the increased likelihood of heat events, reduced labour capacity, drought and flooding, we evaluated the production of Produce, Cotton, Coffee and Tea in our key sourcing locations.
We considered two scenarios, one where global warming reaches 4.3°C (high emission) as a result of no global action having been taken to reduce emissions, leading to extreme physical risks manifesting in the long term and a
1.5°C (low emission) scenario where the Paris Agreement is met but physical risks are still experienced, albeit more mildly. The below table shows the results of the 4.3°C (high emission) scenario only.
Our scenario analysis considered the impacts of these acute physical risks and the resulting diminished or lost crop yields that would result in increased supply costs. We assume these additional costs are passed on directly to
the consumer, reducing demand and impacting our revenue.
                                                                                                                                                                             Mitigations that are being implemented/considered as part of our strategic planning to minimise the financial
                                        Annual revenue loss to most exposed crops in isolation in 4.3°C scenario in 2050, assuming no actions are taken to mitigate risks:   impacts of the risks identified:
Most material physical                  Produceb)                            Cotton                               Coffee                      Tea                            • Engage: continue to work closely with our suppliers through working groups and
climate risksa):                                                                                                                                                               dedicated forums to better understand supplier climate adaptation plans and how
Heat events                             £40m to £45m revenue loss            £40m to £45m revenue loss            £20m to £25m          £20m to £25m revenue                   sustainability risks, including climate and nature, associated with growing
                                        to crops                             to crops                             revenue loss to crops loss to crops                          locations are being addressed. For example, supplier guidance on water risk
                                                                                                                                                                               reduction plans
Labour capacity                         N/A                                   N/A                                 £10m to £15m          £10m to £15m revenue
                                                                                                                                                                             • Explore supply chain adaptation options with suppliers: higher altitude
                                                                                                                  revenue loss to crops loss to crops
                                                                                                                                                                               locations, lower flood risk areas, vertical farming, glass growing structures,
Drought                                 £15m to £20m revenue loss            £20m to £25m revenue loss            £5m to £10m revenue £0m to £5m revenue                       installing reservoirs, drainage channels and using drought and temperature
                                        to crops                             to crops                             loss to crops       loss to crops                            resistant crop strains
Flooding                                £5m to £10m revenue loss to £10m to £15m revenue lost                     £0m to £5m revenue £0m to £5m revenue                      • Investment: prioritising support for suppliers where we have long-term contracts
                                        crops                       factory operation days                        loss to crops      loss to crops                             on areas of risk and working with them to reduce the climate and nature-related
                                                                                                                                                                               risks such as developing new supply chains and support where cost of sustainability
Key sourcing locations                  Spain                                Benin                                Brazil                      India
                                                                                                                                                                               is a challenge
                                        UK                                   Brazil                               Colombia                    Kenya                          • Certification: sourcing of sustainable crops through relevant certification
                                                                             India                                Honduras                    Malawi                           standards, including Fairtrade and Rainforest Alliance, expanding to instant coffee
                                                                                                                                                                               and exploring other types of cotton, as well as LEAF Marque and Global G.A.P.
                                                                             USA                                  Peru                        Rwanda                           SPRING across specific produce
                                                                             Bangladesh (manufacturing) Vietnam                                                              • Human rights: working towards a transition to net zero and nature positive that is
                                                                                                                                                                               just and equitable for the communities we source from

a)
     Risks should be considered in isolation as the complex interrelationship between multiple risks has not been considered.
b)
     Produce considers citrus fruits, lettuce, berries and potatoes grown in Spain and the UK.
111     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

 Case study
 Berries and cherries
 We source our berries and cherries from multiple regions across the world, including some that are exposed to greater water availability issues, largely exacerbated by climate change. If left unaddressed, a lack of available
 water could present surety of supply challenges for the business. To help mitigate this risk, we have set up long-term agreements with our berry and cherry partner suppliers. This is typically uncommon for this type
 of produce, which has historically operated on seasonal purchasing agreements. By establishing long-term agreements, we can work collaboratively and confidently to implement the measures necessary to address
 key environmental challenges and ensure supply. Most notably we have been working with our partner suppliers to improve how we measure, manage and utilise water, recognising the importance of this resource for
 environments and communities and our ability to produce delicious berries and cherries for Sainsbury’s customers. As part of this process, we have been working towards all our partner suppliers’ programmed growers
 attaining Global G.A.P. SPRING and LEAF Marque certification in all 13 of the countries we source from. These certification schemes set us up to better risk assess water use, improve grower engagement and strengthen our
 ability to track water capture and usage alongside recycling and waste. The schemes also help to fast-track innovation in our produce growing techniques to reduce water use. This is the first milestone in a 5-year surety of
 supply plan that we have with all our partner suppliers in berries and cherries looking at how we can mitigate risk.


To assess the resilience of our business to the impacts of climate change we reviewed how our analysis could           Risk Management b) Processes for managing climate related risks
impact our revenue losses within our most exposed product categories. Each year we incorporate the analysis            Each climate risk is assigned a director-level business owner who is responsible for monitoring and mitigating
into the Group’s impairment review to ascertain the impact that climate change could have on the carrying              the risk. Climate risks are agreed annually at the Plan for Better Acceleration Squad, with Board-level oversight
value of the Group’s store assets, by modelling the impact on cash flows (pages 166 – 167). The results do not         from the Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee. Climate risks and mitigations are monitored
have a material impact on the Group’s impairment considerations and the Group remains resilient to climate             throughout the year by the Plan for Better business leads and Acceleration Squad. These risks are considered
impacts under the scenarios assessed. Given the phased withdrawal from Financial Services and the size of              in tandem with other business-related risks (such as those relating to human rights) to form a holistic view
the Bank in relation to the Group, we deem the climate-related impacts to be immaterial. There has been no             of the impact of the risk on the business. Climate risks are prioritised according to the heat map which plots
change to the Bank’s exposure to the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities. This remains limited,          impact and likelihood. To further enhance capacity and ownership of climate risks across the business, the
as the Bank does not have a mortgage portfolio or undertake any corporate lending.                                     Acceleration Squad has cross-divisional representation at the senior leadership level.

Risk management                                                                                                        Risk Management c) Processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate related
The processes outlined in the Risk management section for climate-related matters are the same for nature              risks are integrated into the organisation’s overall risk management
and human rights-related matters.                                                                                      The output from this climate risk process, in aggregate, is elevated to the corporate risk map owned by the
                                                                                                                       Board with support from the Audit Committee and informs the Environment and Social Sustainability principal
Risk Management a) Processes for identifying and assessing climate related risks                                       risk shown on page 44.
Environment and Social Sustainability is one of our principal risks and incorporates our climate-related risks as
well as nature and social sustainability risks.                                                                             The risk management process for climate is in line with the business-wide risk management framework described
                                                                                                                             on pages 40 to 47.
      See page 44 for more detail.

We identify climate-related risks through bi-annual bottom-up divisional and governance forum risk
                                                                                                                       Metrics and targets
assessments and then review annually top down in a dedicated climate risk workshop to assess completeness.             Metrics and Targets a) Metrics used to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in
The process manages our ability to deliver our Plan for Better strategy, progress towards our Scope 1, Scope 2         line with its strategy and risk management process
and Scope 3 targets and consideration of physical and transition climate risks impacting our operations and            The below table shows the key metrics and methodology used to measure climate strategy and risk
value chain, including existing and emerging regulatory requirements.                                                  management. More information about our sustainability metrics methodology is published in our annual
                                                                                                                       Databook which can be found on our corporate website (https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk).
Climate risks are mapped against our corporate risk metrics, including financial and reputational and
likelihood of occurring (from remote to almost certain). To assess the effectiveness of existing climate
controls, each risk has two positions: gross risk (before existing controls) and net risk (after existing controls).
Management sets a target risk (management’s target position) to align any net risks with corporate risk
tolerance. Climate risks where the impact is not yet well understood are captured separately on an emerging
risk map (plotted against likelihood of occurring and time frame).
112      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

Metrics and targets continued                                                                                             Plan for Better
                                                                                                                          commitment        Metric                           Methodology
Metrics and Targets a) Metrics used to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in                                  Nature            Soy independently certified      Sustainably sourced soy tonnage during the 2025 calendar
line with its strategy and risk management process continued                                                                                – Credits/Mass-Balance/          year as a percentage of total soy tonnage, as calculated by
Plan for Better                                                                                                                             Segregated/Low risk origin (%)   third party 3Keel
commitment        Metric                              Methodology
Reduction         Absolute GHG emissions within Absolute, market-based, Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in the                                  Palm oil sourced to an           Sustainably sourced palm oil tonnage during the 2025
in carbon         our own operations (tCO2e)    financial year for Sainsbury’s Group, supported by third party                              independent standard – Mass-     calendar year as a percentage of total palm oil tonnage, as
emissions                                       South Pole and follows the GHG Protocol. This metric is                                     Balance/Segregated/IP (%)        calculated by third party 3Keel
                                                assured by ERM CVS (providing limited assurance under ISAE                                  Timber sourced to an             Cubic metre volume of assessed sustainably sourced timber
                                                3000)                                                                                       independent sustainability       products sourced as a percentage of total cubic metre volume of
                  Electricity which comes from        The amount of renewable electricity used by Sainsbury’s                               standard (%)                     all assessed timber products sourced during the 2025
                  renewable sources (%)               Group as a proportion of the total electricity consumption in                                                          calendar year with the exception of non-food products which are
                                                      the financial year, supported by third party South Pole.                                                               calculated as a percentage of total volume sold. Sustainability
                                                      Combination of energy sourced directly from on-site solar                                                              assessments were carried out by third party Track Record
                                                      and wind farms as well as certificate-backed renewable                                                                 Global Ltd
                                                      electricity from the UK. This metric is assured by ERM CVS                            Cotton sourced to an             Cotton tonnage independently sourced and certified by third
                                                      (providing limited assurance under ISAE 3000)                                         independent standard – Mass-     party standards as a percentage of total cotton tonnage
                  Absolute Scope 3 GHG                Near -term (2030) target boundary includes emissions from the                         Balance/Fairtrade/Organic/       sourced during the financial year with the exception of non-food
                  emissions (tCO2e)                   material categories: 1a) purchased goods for resale and 11a) our                      Recycled (%)                     products which are calculated as a percentage of total volume
                                                      customers’ use and consumption of the products we sell and                                                             sold
                                                      follows the GHG Protocol.                                                             Woodland trees planted           Total number of trees planted in the financial year through
                  Suppliers disclosing through        Suppliers disclosing through Manufacture 2030 or HIGG,                                against January 2020 1.5m        partnership with the Woodland Trust
                  Manufacture 2030 or HIGG            which are environmental impact disclosure systems                                     commitment (number)
                  (% of emissions)                                                                                                          Manmade cellulosic fibres        Percentage of own brand SKUs which contains
                  Suppliers with SBTi 1.5°C           Suppliers with approved SBTi 1.5°C aligned net zero targets                           sourced to an independent        environmentally sourced manmade cellulosic fibres as a
                  net zero targets approved           recorded on the SBTi platform. This is considered the gold                            environmental standard (%)       percentage of total own brand SKUs containing manmade
                  (% of emissions)                    standard for GHG emission targets                                                                                      cellulosic fibres in the financial year

                  Suppliers with any 1.5°C            Suppliers with any approved SBTi 1.5°C aligned targets                                Leather tonnage from             Leather tonnage from own brand products sourced from
                  target approved by the SBTi         recorded on the SBTi platform                                                         tanneries certified to a         tanneries which have a bronze or above accreditation from
                  (% of emissions)                                                                                                          minimum of bronze level by       the Leather Working Group as a percentage of total leather
                                                                                                                                            the Leather Working Group (%)    tonnage sourced during the financial year
Reduction    Absolute water usage within              Absolute water usage in the financial year for both
in water use our own operations (m3)                  Sainsbury’s and Argos, supported by third parties WaterScan                           Volume of cocoa bean             Independently sourced cocoa bean equivalent tonnage during
                                                      and South Pole                                                                        equivalent sourced to an         the 2025 calendar year as a percentage of total cocoa bean
                                                                                                                                            independent standard – Mass-     equivalent tonnage footprint, as calculated by third party 3Keel
Healthy and Healthy and Better for you                Food sales tonnage of Healthy and Better for you products as a                        Balance/Segregated (%)
sustainable sales tonnage as a proportion             percentage of total food sales tonnage in the financial year
diets       of total sales tonnage (%)                (exclusive of beers, wines, spirits and baby food). Healthy and                       Volumes of coffee sourced to     Independently sourced coffee tonnage from own brand
                                                      Better for you defined using a nutrition criteria tool, including                     an independent standard (%)      products as a percentage of total coffee tonnage sold during
                                                      criteria from the Eatwell Guide, which is lower in GHG emissions                                                       the 2025 calendar year where coffee is the main ingredient

Reduction         Food waste to anaerobic             Food waste to anaerobic digestion as a percentage of food                             Beef sourced from country        Beef tonnage from own brand products sourced from
in                digestion as a percentage of        handled during the financial year. We follow the WRAP                                 with negligible risk of          countries with negligible risk of deforestation or conversion or
food waste        food handled (%)                    recommended calculation as follows: food waste / (tonnes food                         deforestation or conversion or   sourced from supplier with Deforestation and Conversion Free
                                                      product sold as intended + tonnes food waste + tonnes food                            sourced from supplier with       control mechanism as a percentage of total own brand beef
                                                      surplus sent to other destinations). This metric is assured by                        Deforestation and Conversion     tonnage sold during the 2025 calendar year
                                                      ERM CVS (providing limited assurance under ISAE 3000)                                 Free control mechanism (%)
113     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                            Strategic Report    Governance Report      Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

In line with TCFD recommended disclosures, we are also required to report on cross-industry metrics to enable comparability across different sectors. These metrics are deemed important proxies for measuring climate-related
risks and opportunities.
                                    Unit of
Metric category                     measurement    Narrative
GHG emissions                       MT of CO2e     Absolute GHG emissions for Scopes 1, 2 and 3 are included within our climate-related metrics table on page 114.
Absolute Scope 1, Scope 2 and
Scope 3.
Transition and physical risks Percentage           In our own operations we assessed that over ten per cent of stores are at ‘high’ or ‘very high’ risk of a flood event occurring, causing damage to stores and potential revenue loss from closure.
Amount and extent of assets or                     The product categories that we have performed climate scenario analysis cover 25 per cent of total revenue. We perform scenario analysis for the risks we have identified as most
business activities vulnerable                     material to our business outlined in the strategy section on page 108.
to transition or physical risks.
                                                   Our quantitative scenario analysis shows the potential financial impact of climate change on our most exposed product categories. We use these results as assumptions within our
                                                   financial planning models to determine whether these risks resulted in material impacts on performance or position as at year-end. As part of our Group impairment work, we
                                                   considered all of the climate-related risks identified in our quantitative scenario analysis. The most material transition risk was the impact on fuel due to legislation. As such, the
                                                   Group’s current year impairment review included cash flow assumptions in relation to the expected future revenue loss within the fuel category. The other climate change risks
                                                   identified did not result in a material financial impact to the accounts.
                                                         Further details can be found in our scenario analysis on pages 109, 110 and note 17 of the financial statements on page 166.

Capital deployment              Reporting          This year, through Graphite (our energy efficiency investment programme), we have spent £18 million focused on the decarbonisation of heat, increasing the amount of renewable
Amount of capital expenditure, currency            energy, energy efficiency and technology trials as we continue to focus on engineering innovation, which supports identification of the latest technology to support our
financing, or investment                           decarbonisation roadmap. We have focused on controller trials, enhanced metering, remote monitoring, thermal energy storage control strategies and new battery technologies.
deployed toward climate-                           In addition to this capital investment, we continued to invest in replacing in-store refrigeration systems according to their lifecycles as part of our store maintenance programme, ensuring that
related risks and opportunities                    fridges using HFC refrigerant gas are replaced with energy efficient natural CO2 refrigerants systems. Alongside this we have identified all systems using the highest carbon HFC gases with the
                                                   highest CO2 f-gases not due to be replaced before 2030 and converted them to a lower carbon refrigerant gas to minimise their impact on the environment whilst they remain in the estate.
                                                   We also made a significant investment in 2024 across ten of our depots by installing electric plug points for our rigid fleet, enabling our full fleet of 450 rigids to charge their refrigeration units via
                                                   100 per cent renewable electricity whilst stationary at our depots. We are rolling out electric vehicles in our Groceries Online (GOL) operations, with a fleet of over 200 EV vans in use across our GOL
                                                   operations and our award-winning Smart Charge rapid EV charging network continues to grow, with 80 locations across the UK.
Climate-related                     Amount or      The impact of climate issues informs our risk management and drives our strategy to identify and consider climate-related opportunities that we can benefit from. This has led us to invest
opportunities                       percentage     in a range of opportunities over many years, demonstrating how climate-related opportunities have become a key growth area for us.
Proportion of revenue, assets,                     Opportunities in which we have invested include:
or other business activities
                                                   • Consumer-facing EV rapid charging, which has seen us expand our award-winning Smart Charge network to 661 bays across 80 locations across the UK
aligned with climate-related
opportunities                                      • The use of a broad range of renewable energy technologies, with over 280 sites hosting a solar PV system, as well as biomass boilers, ground-source and air-source heat pumps
                                                     and combined heat and power plants used within our estate. The adoption of electric vehicles continues within our operations, with over 200 EV vans now operational and we are
                                                     working with partners to bring in eHGVs with supporting charging infrastructure during 2026/27. Engineering innovation remains at the heart of our decarbonisation programme
                                                     and builds up new, innovative technologies to be rolled out into both new and existing store developments. This includes work to review the future of refrigeration, energy
                                                     efficiency and controls optimisation and heat recovery efficiency
Internal carbon prices              Price in       An Internal Carbon Price (ICP) is a method used by companies to appraise investments, aid decision-making and manage risks for projects that relate to transitioning to a
Price on each ton of GHG            reporting      low-carbon economy. By assigning a monetary price to GHG emissions, it allows businesses to efficiently deploy capital and assess the best course of action to address climate-
emissions used internally by        currency,      related risks and opportunities. We do not currently use an ICP but it may be something we choose to adopt in the future.
an organisation                     per MT of      As part of our carbon emission footprint analysis we continue to assign category-level emission factors at an individual product-level. We have updated our emission factors for
                                    CO2e           food and electrical products (Argos only) so that we have better product specific secondary emission factors.
                                                         More information can be found in the Scope 3 section on page 114.

Remuneration                     Description Our Plan for Better metrics, which include climate-related metrics, form part of the Executive Directors’ long-term incentive arrangements.
Proportion of executive                           Further details can be found on page 96.
management remuneration
linked to climate considerations
114     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report      Governance Report       Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

Metrics and Targets b) Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks
Scope 1 and 2                                                                                                                           Scope 3
                                                                                           Scope 1 and 2 GHG                                                                                                                  Baselinea) 2023/24 tCO2e
                                                                                              market-based          Reduction against
Financial year                                                                              emissions (tCO2e)            baseline (%)   Scope 3 GHG near term target boundary
2018/19 (baseline)                                                                                 949,744                        —     emissions                                                                                  27,692,972
2019/20                                                                                            840,680                    11.5%                                                                      Forest, Land and
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Agriculture (FLAG)          Energy/Industry                      Total
2020/21                                                                                             817,420                   13.9%
                                                                                                                                                                                                              10,407,072                17,285,900               27,692,972
2021/22                                                                                            746,681                    21.4%
2022/23a)                                                                                          461,692                    51.4%     Of which category:
2023/24                                                                                            458,973                    51.7%     1a – purchased goods for resale                                       10,407,072                 7,933,692               18,340,764
2024/25                                                                                            448,734                    52.8%     11a – consumer use                                                           N/A                 9,352,208                9,352,208
2025/26                                                                                            441,017                    53.6%
                                                                                                                                        a) The above table reflects our revised Scope 3 baseline. As we continue to work to improve the accuracy of our Scope 3 footprint
                                                                                                                                           this may result in a future restatement of our baseline and resubmission of our net zero targets to SBTi (see page 119 for more
a)	The significant reduction in emissions in 2022/23 was due to our move to 100 per cent renewable electricity in 2022.
                                                                                                                                           information on our approach to rebaselining).
For a more detailed breakdown of our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, please see our Streamlined Energy and                                 Our 1.5˚C net zero SBTi approved target is the reduction of our Scope 3 near term boundary Forest, Land and
Carbon Reporting (SECR) disclosure on pages 122 to 124. This provides a more detailed breakdown of our Scope                            Agriculture (FLAG) emissions by 36.4 per cent and our energy and industrial emissions by 50.4 per cent by 2030.
1 and 2 GHG emissions. We have a proven track record of delivering GHG emissions reductions in our own                                  Our Scope 3 target boundary covers emissions from the following material categories: 1a) purchased goods for
operations and a roadmap to reach net zero by 2035. However there is some risk as our transition plan requires                          resale and 11a) consumer use.
industry innovation, such as a commercially viable alternative fuel solution for heavy goods vehicles. We
continue to work towards our near-term target of reducing our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 68 per cent by                             Our GHG emissions footprint continues to be calculated using industry average carbon emission factors. This
2030. We set out our strategy and progress to date on our transition to net zero within our own operations on                           helps us to identify our most carbon-intensive products and key suppliers that constitute the majority of our
pages 116 to 119.                                                                                                                       Group emissions. We continue to actively work towards an aligned industry approach to measure supplier-
                                                                                                                                        specific emissions, as this is the most effective way to track emissions reductions within our own value chain.
                                                                                                                                        We are continuously improving the accuracy of our Scope 3 footprint and we recognise that without accurate
                                                                                                                                        supplier specific primary emission factor data, reporting actual emission reductions is extremely challenging. We
                                                                                                                                        continue to improve the accuracy of the data we use in our emissions footprint and this year have successfully
                                                                                                                                        engaged with some of our strategic protein suppliers to obtain primary emission factor data and where we are
                                                                                                                                        confident, to integrate this data into our Scope 3 inventory calculations. We have also partnered with two strategic
                                                                                                                                        data providers to model significantly more specific emission factors at the product and ingredient level for our
                                                                                                                                        own brand products and electrical products (Argos only). This improved level of granularity enables insights and
                                                                                                                                        action towards our SBTi targets. We continue to collaborate with other retailers and WRAP on reporting Scope 3
                                                                                                                                        emissions. This includes accurately and transparently reporting emission reductions.
                                                                                                                                        We are engaging directly with our strategically important suppliers to understand their carbon reduction
                                                                                                                                        roadmaps so that we can more accurately model realistic emission reductions forecasts within our value
                                                                                                                                        chain. This insight is key to developing our own Scope 3 roadmap and reduction strategy as part of our Climate
                                                                                                                                        Transition Plan. We continue to request that our suppliers disclose on either Secaro (previously Manufacture
                                                                                                                                        2030) or HIGG and that our key suppliers to set 1.5oC aligned SBTi approved targets.
                                                                                                                                        We recognise we cannot solve the challenges relating to reducing Scope 3 emissions on our own and are
                                                                                                                                        therefore committed to working at the industry level to find a solution. We continue to participate in industry-
                                                                                                                                        wide working groups such as the Institute of Grocery Distribution (IGD) to help build resilience in our food
                                                                                                                                        system. This year we have progressed our Climate Transition Plan by developing clear, data-driven pathways
                                                                                                                                        towards our net zero ambition. More information on our Scope 3 strategy can be found in our Climate Transition
                                                                                                                                        Plan section on page 117.
115     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Climate change and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued

Metrics and targets continued
Metrics and Targets c) Targets used to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets
The following metrics and targets are used to monitor progress against climate-related risks and opportunities and are embedded in our Plan for Better. These metrics and targets are governed by the Plan for Better Acceleration
Squad with oversight from the Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee. We have set SBTi approved GHG emission reduction targets covering all scopes and time frames. We include sustainability metrics within
the long-term remuneration targets for Executive Directors (see page 96 for more details). We have reviewed the relevance of our Plan for Better metrics and have updated the below table to show the current metrics that we are
reporting performance against. We publish all of our sustainability metrics, including historical metrics, in our annual Databook, which is published on our corporate website (https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk).
                                                                                                                                                                                            Results
Plan for Better commitment            Metric                                                                                                 Baseline                        2024/25            2025/26         Target
Reduction in                          Absolute GHG emissions within our own operations (tCO2e)                                               949,744 tCO2e 2018/19           448,734 tCO2e 441,017 tCO2e        Net zero by 2035/36 68% by 2030/31
carbon emissions                      Electricity which comes from renewable sources (%)                                                     17% 2019/20                     100%               100%            100%
                                      Absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions (tCO2e)                                                                 27,692,972 tCO2e 2023/24a) N/A                     N/A             36.4% FLAG and 50.4% energy/industry emissions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                reduction by 2030/31
                                                                                                                                                                                                                72% FLAG and 90% energy/industry emissions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                reduction by 2050/51
                                      Suppliers disclosing through Secarob) or HIGG (% of emissions)                                         43.8% 2022/23                   53.0%              59.5%           N/A
                                      Suppliers with SBTi 1.5°C net zero target approved (% of emissions)                                    <2% 2022/23                     11.6%              26.7%           50-80% of emissions by 2025/26 (LTIP only)
                                      Suppliers with any 1.5°C target approved by the SBTi (% of emissions)                                  N/A                             39.8%              51.6%           50% of emissions by 2025/26
Reduction in water use                Absolute water usage within our own operations (m3)                                                    3,224,000m3 2018/19             2,562,660m3        2,401,772m3     Water neutral 2040/41
Healthy and sustainable diets Healthy and Better for you sales tonnage as a proportion                                                       82.0% 2021/22                   81.9%              82.2%           85%
                              of total sales tonnage (%)                                                                                                                                                        2025/26
Reduction in food waste               Food waste to anaerobic digestion as a percentage of food handled (%)                                  0.728% 2019/20                  0.617%             0.503%          0.364% 2030/31
Nature                                Soy sourced to an independent sustainability standard (%)                                              5.8% 2019                       96.6%   c)
                                                                                                                                                                                                100%            100% 2025
                                      Palm sourced to an independent sustainability standard (%)                                             99.1% 2019                      100%               100%            100% 2025
                                      Timber sourced to an independent sustainability standard (%)d)                                         99.3% 2025                      N/A                99.3%           100% 2025
                                      Cotton sourced to an independent sustainability standard (%)               d)
                                                                                                                                             97.2% 2025                      N/A                97.2%           100% 2025
                                      Number of Woodland trees planted (number cumulative)                                                   493,750 trees 2019/20           1,425,461          1,558,339       1,500,000 (cumulative) 2025/26

                                      Manmade cellulosic fibres sourced to an independent                                                    94.2% 2025/26                   N/A                94.2%           100% 2025/26
                                      environmental standard (%)d)
                                      Leather tonnage from tanneries certified to a minimum of bronze level by the                           100% 2025/26                    N/A                100%            100% 2025/26
                                      Leather Working Group (%)d)
                                      Volume of cocoa bean equivalent certified (%)                                                          47.0% 2023                      65.4%              97.7%           100% 2025
                                      Coffee sourced to an independent sustainability standard (%)                                           64.0% 2024                      64.0%              99.9%           100% 2025
                                      Beef sourced from country with negligible risk of deforestation or conversion or   100% 2025                                           N/A                100%            100% 2025
                                      sourced from supplier with Deforestation and Conversion Free control mechanism (%)
a) Scope 3 emissions footprint has been restated to a new baseline year. For further information please see page 119   c)   Soy metric has been restated in the prior year due to supplier resubmission
b) Secaro was previously called Manufacture 2030                                                                       d) Timber, Cotton, Leather and Manmade cellulosic fibres metrics have been restated due to methodology changes
116    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report    Governance Report   Financial Statements


Sainsbury’s Climate Transition Plan within the TCFD section

Introduction                                                                                                             We continue to collaborate with research institutions like Imperial College on our transition roadmap for our
We are committed to protecting and restoring our planet and supporting a transition to a low carbon economy.             entire estate and direct operations, which provides modelled scenarios up to 2035. We continue to commit
To achieve this, we have set ambitious near-term and net zero targets across our Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse             capital investment to support our roadmap to net zero by 2035 across our own operations through embedding
gas (GHG) emissions aligning to a 1.5°C scenario. We have a clear strategy to drive progress against these targets       capital allocation into our corporate financial plan approved by the Board.
which, in line with emerging best practice, acknowledges the interconnectedness of action on diets, nature and           Our strategy is focused on emissions reductions in three areas outlined in the following table. The success of our
climate, with many of our Plan for Better commitments supporting our carbon reduction strategy (see the Plan             Scope 1 and 2 strategy is dependent on prioritising and having access to the required finances to carry out our
for Better section for details). In line with the SBTi guidance, our transition plan does not include the purchase of    capital programme, the availability of suitable innovation technology and being able to implement the latest
carbon credits to meet our near-term or long-term reduction targets. We acknowledge the potential role of carbon         engineering solutions in the most efficient way possible, whilst also considering the associated business cases.
credits to neutralise residual emissions in support of our net zero ambition and so we intend to investigate and
                                                                                                                                            Proportion of
understand this opportunity in line with developing best practice.                                                                          emission
                                                                                                                         Strategy           footprint       Key actions                          Progress to date
Over the past year, we have progressed our Climate Transition Plan by developing a clear, data-driven pathway
towards our net zero ambition, building on the work already underway across our key emission hotspot areas.              Logistics:         53.5%           • Transitioning our vehicle fleet • Over 20 stores with fully electric GOL
After several years of focus across our emission hotspots we have made progress in Scope 1 and 2 and laid the            Zero carbon                          to alternative, low carbon fuels   fleets
foundations in Scope 3. We have developed clear roadmaps that translate existing strategies, supplier insights           vehicles                             by 2035                          • 30 HGVs operating on biomethane
and modelling into a clearer, long-term pathway to 2050. This represents a natural maturation of our approach as         and infrastructure                 • Moving the majority of             produced from food waste
data quality improves, supplier engagement expands and expectations around transition planning evolve.                                                        company cars to electric and     • Participation in eFreight 2030 consortium
                                                                                                                                                              hybrid                             to test and trial electric HGVs and chargers
Our integrated roadmaps provide a more consistent view of where reductions are achievable now and where
progress depends on wider industry collaboration or the delivery of government policy. This insight supports             Refrigerants:     29.2%            • Replacing our remaining        • Ongoing removal of HFC refrigerant gas
stronger decision-making on priorities, investments and timing. We are working to further embed our emission             Switch to natural                    refrigeration systems that use   through our annual refrigeration
reduction strategy in our Climate Transition Plan and align with our existing governance structures so that              refrigerants                         HFC refrigerant gas with         replacement programme, replacing this
there is a coordinated programme with clear ownership across all areas of the business. This approach ensures                                                 natural alternatives, aligning   with CO2
coherent governance, alignment with emerging transition plan frameworks and increased transparency across                                                     replacements with equipment • Conversion of over 130 store refrigeration
our external disclosures.                                                                                                                                     lifecycles                       systems to R448a, a replacement
                                                                                                                                                            • Removing the highest carbon      refrigeration gas that will reduce system
Driving progress                                                                                                                                              HFCs from our estate by 2030     carbon emissions by 68%
                                                                         Reduction targets from    Absolute emissions                                       • Removing refrigerant gas in    • Depot investment to electrify the
                                                                                       baseline           target tCO2e                                        logistics                        refrigeration systems within our rigid
2018/19 baseline                                                                                            949,744                                                                            fleet whilst stationary at our depots
2025/26                                                                                 53.6%                441,017     Heating:           17.3%           • Remove the use of gas              • Continued replacement alongside
2030 near-term target                                                                    68%                 304,812     Electrification of                   heating and replace with our         refrigeration replacement schemes
                                                                                                                         heat                                 RIHC and heat pumps
2035 net zero target                                                                    100%                       —                                          programme
                                                                                                                         Other:             0.1%
Own Operations – Scope 1 and 2 – net zero by 2035                                                                        Business travel
We have a strong track record of reducing GHG emissions in our own operations (Scope 1 and 2) over the last              and other
19 years, reducing our emissions by 53.6 per cent from our 2018/19 baseline. We have implemented projects
through our ongoing Graphite investment programme, having completed its 15th year, which reduce energy                   Whilst we have transitioned to purchasing 100 per cent renewable electricity, energy efficiency to reduce
consumption and GHG emissions and improve energy efficiency. Examples include a move to 100 per cent LED                 electricity consumption remains a key focus for us. We will maintain our commitment to 100 per cent renewable
lights across our estate, replacement of hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) refrigerant gases with natural alternatives,            electricity, invest in on-site generation, secure long-term Power Purchase agreements with new-to-the-planet
electrification of our heating and moving to 100 per cent renewable electricity since 2022 and our commitment            wind farms and implement energy efficiency programmes to support the switch to electrification of heat and
to long-term purchasing of renewable energy from new-to-the-planet Power Purchase agreements.                            transport as well as mitigating costs. Cumulatively, Sainsbury’s sources 30 per cent of electricity from new-to-
                                                                                                                         planet renewable electricity sources.
117        J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                              Strategic Report      Governance Report       Financial Statements


Sainsbury’s Climate Transition Plan within the TCFD section continued

Value chain – Scope 3 – net zero by 2050                                                                                                           Proportion of
                                                                                                                                                   emission
Emission reduction targets from our 2023/24 target boundary baseline                                                              Strategy         footprint     Key activities                                 Progress to date
                                                                                                                                  Production       28%            • Engage suppliers on energy             •
                                                                                                                                                                                                       439 suppliers disclosed on either M2030 or
                                                                Energy/Industrial/Transport Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG)
                                                                     (Non-FLAG) emissions                            emissions    of products                       efficiency and track transition to HIGG which provide data insights on where
2030 near-term target                                                               50.4%                              36.4%      continued                         renewable energy use               collaboration or support is needed to
                                                                                                                                                                  • Collaborate to reduce waste throughovercome barriers to climate action and
2050 net zero target                                                                  90%                                72%      Supplier
                                                                                                                                                                                                       provide insights on supplier maturity in
                                                                                                                                                                    circularity initiatives, packaging and
                                                                                                                                  operations
                                                                                                                                                                    food waste reduction               emissions reduction, whilst also supporting
We know that 98 per cent of our emissions are in our value chain (Scope 3). The SBTi has approved our Scope
                                                                                                                                                                  • Track environmental performance    supplier sites to improve their own
3 targets, which are in line with limiting global temperature increases to 1.5°C and FLAG compliant. We are
                                                                                                                                                                    at supplier site level             environmental performance
prioritising engagement with our key suppliers who make up the majority of emissions covered by our 2030
Scope 3 target.                                                                                                                                                   • Support suppliers to understand, • Played an active role in the British Retail
                                                                                                                                                                    develop and deliver their own      Consortium (BRC) Mondra Coalition working to
Our strategy is focused on emissions reductions in three areas outlined below:                                                                                      emission reduction plans and       improve the measurement and management
                   Proportion of                                                                                                                                    work to understand opportunities   of the food sector’s Scope 3 emissions
                   emission                                                                                                                                         for supply chain collaboration   • Worked with suppliers in product
Strategy           footprint     Key activities                           Progress to date
                                                                                                                                                                    that accelerates progress          development, for example Discovery beef,
Production  100% FLAG • Create supplier working groups on •                  Continued action groups with our high                                                                                     mushrooms grown without peat, low
of products emissions   key climate-related topics                           environmental impact suppliers (HEIS) across                                         • Collaborate with suppliers on
                                                                                                                                                                    product development, innovation    carbon fertiliser use in coffee and our
                      • Develop incentive initiatives                        livestock, crops and fish supply chains                                                                                   transition to white eggs
Agriculture                                                                                                                                                         and efficiencies
and land                schemes for suppliers                •               HEIS evaluations now completed six monthly
                      • Support suppliers to understand,                     and insights are used in regular conversations       Healthy and      N/Aa)          • Making it easier for customers       •        We continue to prioritise offers on fruit and
management
                        develop and deliver their own                        with suppliers                                       sustainable                       to make healthy, affordable,                  vegetables, supporting our customers to
                        emission reduction plans and work •                  Further rolled out our Discovery beef range,         diets                             accessible, sustainable diet choices          make plant-rich choices and have
                        to understand opportunities for                      moving towards our expectation that 100% of                                          • Reduce consumption of high                    outperformed the market in volume growth
                        supply chain collaboration that                      the range will be lower carbon beef                                                    emission products through                     within the Produce category
                        accelerates progress                 •               Using the learnings from the beef integrated                                           reformulations, innovation,          •        We introduced our first category wide fish
                      • Improve farm-level efficiencies and                  supply chain to explore how we can develop                                             range change and promotion                    multi-buy and continued running meat
                        yield and work to reduce food                        lower carbon products across other supply                                            • Collective industry action to                 free multi-buys, partnering with ‘Meat Free
                        waste, fertiliser and pesticide use                  chains such as our low carbon coffee and our                                           encourage improvements to                     Made Easy’ in our January campaign
                      • Continue to develop nature positive/                 white egg transition                                                                   consumer diets                       •        Over 1,250 products with our Healthy
                        regenerative agriculture principles •                Rolled out the Land App project across our UK                                        • Join or create working groups                 Choice Logo were made available to our
                        including soil health improvements                   supply chain to gather more data on land use                                           and coalitions to support                     customers during the year
                        and where relevant, supporting       •               Improving the links and influence we have on                                           research and policy advocating       •        We joined the Food Foundation’s Keen Bean
                        through certification schemes                        our global supply chains, including upskill                                                                                          pledge where we aim to increase bean sales
                      • Drive progress towards our                           visits to specific high risk geographies, for                                                                                        volume by 2028/29. This year, we have
                        ambition to zero deforestation- and                  example beef production in Brazil                                                                                                    successfully trialled giving additional space to
                        conversion-free in own brand                                                                                                                                                              pulses across our stores and will share further
                                                             •               Engaged with suppliers to source
                        products by 2025, focusing on                                                                                                                                                             learnings as the programme progresses
                                                                             deforestation-free soy within our supply
                        supply chain traceability, certified                 chain, as well as engaging with industry                                                                                           • We have worked to independently evaluate
                        materials and policy development                     peers to encourage their alignment with                                                                                              initiatives to help support healthier
                        in high risk commodities                             this approach                                                                                                                        purchases in collaboration with the Institute
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  of Grocery Distribution (IGD)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                • Continued to advocate for sector change
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  and alignment on definitions of healthier
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  and sustainable choices
                                                                                                                                  a) Healthy and sustainable diets does not have its own emissions footprint as it covers food products in general with the emissions
                                                                                                                                     captured by the rows above.
118        J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Sainsbury’s Climate Transition Plan within the TCFD section continued

                   Proportion of
                   emission
                                                                                                                              Acknowledging the uncertainties for Scope 3
Strategy           footprint     Key activities                          Progress to date                                     By definition, Scope 3 is beyond our direct control. This creates uncertainty in meeting our Scope 3 targets. To
Supply Chain 1%                  • Increase usage of sustainable       •    Completed trial on electric HGV with one of       address this, we have developed a comprehensive Scope 3 roadmap that incorporates available supplier data,
Transport                          shipping fuels                           our long-term suppliers to explore the            includes assumptions about societal and industry change over time and identifies key dependencies and
                                 • Lower carbon transport alternatives      feasibility of moving away from fossil fuel use   enablers required for us to achieve our targets. This roadmap provides a structured approach to prioritising
                                 • Map modes of transport and               in our produce supply chains, agreeing a          actions, tracking progress and adapting to external changes, ensuring transparency and accountability across
                                   distances                                further rollout following a hugely successful     the value chain and creating a clear strategy and associated plan for our business to deliver Scope 3 reductions.
                                                                            trial
                                 • Participate in working groups                                                              Our plan maps out how best to engage with key stakeholders and drive change but there are dependencies and
                                   focused on innovation in            •    Continue to explore carbon reduction              critical success factors beyond value chain stakeholders. For FLAG emissions, transparency of the whole supply
                                    transportation                          opportunities with our suppliers                  chain for all products is an ongoing challenge we are solving through different mechanisms (e.g. complying with EU
                                                                                                                              Deforestation Regulation and engagement with high risk commodities). National farming policies and farmer access
                                                                                                                              to appropriate funding are also critical success factors for Scope 3. Within supplier operations and transport, our
                                                                                                                              Scope 3 plan depends on infrastructure changes to support the transition to renewables and EVs, as well as progress
Use of             29%           • Making it easier for people to       •   Expanded Smart Charge, powered by                 in shipping and aviation emissions reductions. We also have a significant dependency on the decarbonisation of
products                           transition to electric vehicles with     Sainsbury’s, our ultra-rapid EV charging          the UK energy grid, particularly impacting supplier operations and emissions from use of our sold products. Healthy
                                   the launch of Smart Charge and the       service, which now has 661 charging bays          and sustainable diets require collaboration across industry and with government to explore optimum nutritional
Fuel                                                                                                                          and sustainable diets and encouraging customers to choose more healthy and sustainable options through offering
                                   rollout of our ultra-rapid charging      across 80 Sainsbury’s stores
                                   hubs                                                                                       a range of choice.
                                 • Continue to develop
                                   decarbonisation roadmaps for our
                                   Scope 3 hotspots and investigate
                                   lower carbon fuel offerings at our
                                   petrol filling stations
Electricals        5%            • Supporting customers to manage • Embedding energy efficiency improvements
                                   in-home energy usage through       into product ranging and tenders to improve
                                   inclusion of improved energy       ratings across our products
                                   efficiency products
                                 • Developing circularity pathways to
                                   reduce lifecycle emissions
119     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Sainsbury’s Climate Transition Plan within the TCFD section continued

Stakeholder engagement (incl. governance)                                                                                 Reporting and disclosure
Effective engagement is fundamental to achieving our Scope 3 reduction targets and underpins our Scope 3                  We monitor and report our progress transparently on our Plan for Better annually and through this disclosure
strategy and the success of the actions we have outlined in the five distinct areas above. We are committed               we outline our high level strategy and plans to transition to a low carbon economy. These key activities will
to playing our role in mobilising action across our entire value chain. Within our supply chain we have focused           form the basis of our future Climate Transition Plan. We acknowledge that our transition plan will be an
our engagement on our most material suppliers, asking them to set 1.5°C net zero science-based targets                    iterative document and will annually report progress against our plan within our TCFD disclosure.
through the SBTi by 2025/26 and supporting them to create emission reduction plans (see a summary of
our engagement strategy below). We are committed to supporting our suppliers on key issues through                        Baseline reporting and SBTi alignment
collaboration and engagement and understanding where they are on their journey through disclosure                         During 2025/26 we have continued to improve the quality, granularity and coverage of our Scope 3 emissions
frameworks such as Secaro (previously Manufacture 2030) and HIGG. We actively participate in industry                     data. This has enabled us to establish a new 2023/24 baseline that provides a more accurate and representative
working groups and have found this has been key to progressing Scope 3 accounting and reporting. Working                  foundation for long-term decarbonisation planning.
with the Government is fundamental to achieving the global ambition and we understand the important role                  Updating emissions baselines and methodologies is recognised good practice in carbon accounting, reflecting
we play as a leading food retailer. We are taking steps to influence customer behaviours and making it easier             the evolution and improvements in supplier data, categorisation standards and international guidance
for our customers to support our net zero targets.                                                                        (including SBTi and GHG Protocol) over time. Revising baselines when material improvements are made
Stakeholder group       Engagement strategy                                                                               strengthens accuracy, enhances comparability going forward and supports more credible decision-making.
Value chain             • Identify key suppliers for engagement                                                           Whilst this new baseline does not change the 1.5oC-aligned ambition of our SBTi targets, it does mean that
                        • Support category teams with upskilling and knowledge to confidently engage                      some progress achieved between the original 2018/19 baseline and 2023/24 cannot be reflected in year-on-year
                          suppliers alongside our commercial conversations                                                charts going forward.
                        • Ask key suppliers to set 1.5°C net zero science-based targets (to match our own) setting this   We will continue to reference our current SBTi-validated targets, which remain anchored to the historical
                          as an expectation for our own brand food suppliers through responsible sourcing manuals         baseline, until such a time as we re-submit and re-validate with SBTi in the future. This approach maintains
                        • Create supplier working groups focused on key climate-related topics, projects relating         transparency whilst ensuring future reporting and progress are grounded in the most robust data available.
                          to efficiency and innovation in products and services
                        • Support our key carbon suppliers in hotspot areas to create decarbonisation roadmaps
                          and take actions to reduce their emissions
                        • Develop incentive initiative schemes for suppliers
                        • Engage with and encourage suppliers to disclose on environmental disclosure
                          platforms to collect environmental performance data
                        • Collaborate with suppliers on product development, innovation and efficiencies
                        • Work closely with our Insights team to understand customer behaviours
Industry                • Participate in leading retail working groups to facilitate collective action
                        • Collaborate with third party providers towards innovation
Government, public • Engage clearly with government on our key advocacy priorities
sector and civil   • Drive progress through our priority industry collaboration groups (including Mondra,
society              IGD and WRAP)

We leverage robust internal governance for oversight and decision-making across our Plan for Better. We also
engage our stakeholder groups widely to drive action towards a low carbon economy. For more detail on the
key challenges we face, the issues we engage stakeholders on and our engagement channels see our Plan for
Better Report (https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk).
120      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Directors’ report

Additional statutory information required can be found below:                                                              Colleague engagement
                                                                                                                           Details on how we engage with our colleagues can be found on page 25.
Board diversity targets
The Board is committed to promoting the importance of diversity, equity and inclusion across our business.                 Corporate Governance
As at 28 February 2026 (the reference date), the Company has complied with the Board diversity targets detailed            During 2025/26, the Board considers that the Company has applied the principles and complied with the
in Listing Rule 6.6.6R(9).                                                                                                 provisions (excluding Provision 29) of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2024. and Provision 29 of the UK
There have been no changes to the Board between the reference date and the date on which this Annual Report                Corporate Governance Code 2018. Further information on how the Board has applied the principles of the Code,
was approved.                                                                                                              and how the provisions have been complied with, is set out in the Governance Report on pages 53 to 124.

Reporting table on sex representation                                                                                      Directors’ indemnities
                                                                       Number of senior
                                                                       positions on the      Number in     Percentage of   The Company maintains a Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance policy which provides appropriate cover
                                           Number of       Percentage Board (Chair, CEO,      executive        executive   for legal action brought against its Directors. The Company has also executed deeds of indemnity for each of
                                      Board members       of the Board         SID, CFO)   management a)   management a)
                                                                                                                           its Directors, to the extent permitted by law and the Company’s Articles of Association. These indemnities were
Men                                                5            50%                   3              4             57%     in force throughout the financial year and as at the date of this report.
Women                                              5            50%                   1              3             43%
                                                                                                                           Qualifying third-party indemnity provisions (as defined by section 234 of the Companies Act 2006) are in force,
                                                                                                                           to the extent permitted by law, for the benefit of the Directors in relation to certain losses and liabilities
a)    Executive management means the Operating Board.
                                                                                                                           incurred in connection with the execution of their powers, duties and responsibilities.
Reporting table on ethnicity representation
                                                                       Number of senior                                    Directors’ interests
                                                                       positions on the      Number in     Percentage of
                                           Number of       Percentage Board (Chair, CEO,      executive        executive   The beneficial interests of the Directors and their connected persons in the shares of the Company are shown
                                      Board members       of the Board         SID, CFO)   management a)   managementa)    on pages 97 and 100. During the year, no Director had any material interest in any contract of significance to
White British (or other White                                                                                              the Group’s business.
including minority White groups)                   6            60%                   4              7            100%
Mixed/multiple ethnic groups                       0              0%                  0              0              0%     Disclosure of information to the auditor
                                                                                                                           Each Director has confirmed that, so far as each Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of
Asian/Asian British                                1             10%                  0              0              0%
                                                                                                                           which the auditor is unaware. Each Director has taken all steps that they ought to have taken as a Director in
Black/African/Caribbean/                                                                                                   order to make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the auditor is aware of
Black British                                      0              0%                  0              0              0%     that information. For further information, please see the statement of Directors’ responsibilities on page 126.
Other ethnic group                                 0              0%                  0              0              0%
Not specified/prefer not to say                    3            30%                   0              0              0%
                                                                                                                           Dividends
                                                                                                                           Details of the payment of the final dividend can be found on page 34.
a)    Executive management means the Operating Board.

Our diversity data contained in the above tables was self-reported by the Board and Operating Board during
                                                                                                                           Employment policies
                                                                                                                           The Company values the different perspectives, experiences and abilities of all our colleagues. We ensure that
onboarding and/or through our internal human resource management system.
                                                                                                                           those living with a disability or long-term health condition are fully and fairly considered for employment with
We encourage all colleagues to self-report information such as gender, gender identity, ethnicity, age, sexual             the Company through well-developed policies for the equal treatment of all. We have a workplace adjustments
orientation and disability, whilst also including a ‘prefer not to say’ option.                                            process in place for our colleagues who find themselves with a disability or long-term health condition;
                                                                                                                           workplace adjustments can be made at any point during a colleague’s employment with us. We are committed
Change of control                                                                                                          to providing equal opportunities for all colleagues and applicants through recruitment, training, development
All of the Company’s employee share plans contain provisions relating to a change of control. On a change of               and promotion. Further information can be found on pages 20 to 23.
control, options and awards granted to employees under the Company’s share plans may vest and become
exercisable, subject to the satisfaction of any applicable performance conditions at that time.                            Financial risk management and financial instruments
                                                                                                                           Notes 27 to 28 on pages 172 to 179 disclose details relating to financial risk management and
A number of the Company’s financing arrangements contain change of control clauses under which lenders
                                                                                                                           financial instruments.
may cancel their commitments and declare all outstanding amounts immediately due and payable. There are
no other significant agreements that would take effect, alter or terminate upon a change of control following
a takeover bid.
121    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                    Strategic Report      Governance Report        Financial Statements


Directors’ report continued

Groceries Supply Code of Practice (GSCOP)                                                                          Regular meetings are held between the CCO, Legal, Internal Audit and the Commercial Operations teams
                                                                                                                   to identify emerging risk areas and the procedures in place to manage these. An established compliance
Compliance with the GSCOP
                                                                                                                   monitoring programme is embedded within the business. The Operating Board and Audit Committee are
GSCOP sets out how large retailers should manage certain aspects of their relationship with grocery suppliers.     updated two times a year on GSCOP matters.
In accordance with GSCOP requirements, the General Counsel and Company Secretary is the Code Compliance
Officer (CCO) whose duties include hearing disputes between suppliers and the retailer. The CCO handles all        Two potential breaches were reported in 2025/26 (six in 2024/25). Of these, one breach was pursued as a formal
supplier matters confidentially, disclosing identities only where a supplier has expressly authorised it.          Article 11 Dispute and none have been referred to the GCA for arbitration.

In line with the Order and the Code, Sainsbury’s delivered an Annual Compliance Report to the Competition and      Two were raised within our Trading division and one of these was escalated to the CCO using standard
Markets Authority as approved by the Chair of the Audit Committee and a summary must be included in the            escalation procedures. Both potential breaches reported in the year were resolved in the year. In addition, one
Annual Report and Financial Statements. This is set out below.                                                     potential breach from the previous year (2024/25) was also resolved in the financial year. All complaints related
                                                                                                                   to delists. Causes of potential breaches are reviewed to identify areas for improvement.
Summary annual compliance report
Sainsbury’s GSCOP compliance framework is based on a collaborative relationship with the Groceries Code            Health, safety and wellbeing
Adjudicator (GCA), clear policies and procedures, mandatory training, regular monitoring and reporting of          The health, safety and wellbeing of our colleagues and customers is an essential part of our business
compliance and support to provide all relevant colleagues with day-to-day advice and guidance.                     operations. See pages 20 to 23 for more information.
Sainsbury’s Audit Committee Chair, Sainsbury’s Chief Commercial and Sustainability Officer and key senior
directors from the supply chain and the Core Commercial Transformation programme met the GCA during the            Ordinary shares
financial year. We continue to engage positively with the GCA on GSCOP matters and work collaboratively to         Details of the changes to the ordinary issued share capital during the year are shown on page 171. As at 21 April
address any concerns and improve our processes through our regular catch-ups. We also proactively contact          2026, 2,274,921,614 ordinary shares of 28 4/7 pence have been issued, are fully paid up and are listed on the
the GCA for clarification and guidance where appropriate. We were also pleased that the GCA attended our           London Stock Exchange.
Annual Supplier Conference. Proactive stakeholder engagement is a key element of our GSCOP approach. We
issue regular communications to suppliers that cover a variety of topics relating to regulatory updates, general   Major interests in shares
business updates and GSCOP-related topics including the channels available for contacting Sainsbury’s in           As at 28 February 2026, the Company had been notified by the following investors of their interests in 3 per cent
confidence. We also hold an annual trade briefing session, giving suppliers the opportunity to engage with our     or more of the Company’s shares. These interests were notified to the Company pursuant to DTR 5 of the
leadership team and to learn about our strategy and how it is being implemented.                                   Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules:
We are making good progress with our plans to improve our Core Commercial systems and processes. This                                                                                    Number of
multi‑year programme will bring our existing systems together onto a single platform, helping to simplify                                                                           ordinary shares         % of voting rights1       Date of notification
operations, strengthen how we collaborate with suppliers, and increase our agility in responding to customer       VESA Equity Investment S.à.r.l.                                    235,773,510                       10.00        7 November 2024
needs. It represents a significant transformation and is a key enabler for sustaining our growth momentum          BlackRock, Inc.                                                   177,839,804                          7.81         6 January 2026
and delivering the ambitions set out in our Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy. We continue to keep the GCA
informed of progress where there may be implications for suppliers.                                                Qatar Holdings LLC                                                155,890,509                          6.82      4 December 2025
                                                                                                                   Schroders plc                                                      116,161,658                         5.22           31 March 2021
In line with the GCA’s feedback from its supplier deep dive themes, we established a new Core Commercial
Transformation Supplier Working Group in March 2025, bringing together representatives from across our             Bestway Group UK Limited                                           118,273,900                         5.01          2 August 2024
supplier base. As the programme advances and we develop more detailed future ways of working, we will              Pzena Investment Management, Inc                                   118,145,905                         5.05         7 January 2025
involve a broader group of suppliers to help shape and test new processes and systems to support a smooth
transition across our diverse supply network. The first release planned for Summer 2026 will have a relatively     1   Percentages shown are as a percentage of the Company’s issued share capital when the Company was notified of the change in holding.
small impact on our ways of working with suppliers.
During the reporting year, we have continued to enhance our compliance with GSCOP, taking on board any
feedback from the suppliers, the GCA and the findings from the GCA Annual Survey.
Relevant policies are reviewed and updated on at least an annual basis and are made available to colleagues.
This is supported by Sainsbury’s GSCOP training, which is compulsory for colleagues who are part of the Buying
team and for other colleagues who are directly or indirectly involved in decisions that impact GSCOP. As a
result, approximately 1,900 colleagues completed appropriate training during the year. GSCOP training is
reviewed and refreshed annually to ensure it remains current. There are defined consequences for training
non-compliance.
122       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Directors’ report continued

As at 21 April 2026, the Company had been notified by the following investors of their interests in 3 per cent or                            the plan at the direction of the participants. All shares held by the J Sainsbury Employee Share Ownership Trust are
more of the Company’s shares. These interests were notified to the Company pursuant to DTR 5 of the                                          held on an unallocated basis. As such, the trustee waives their rights to vote and to receive dividends on these shares.
Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules:                                                                                                  Total dividends waived by the trustee during the financial year amounted to £5,189,191.10. Some of the Company’s
                                                                                                                             % of voting
                                                                                                                                             employee share plans include restrictions on the transfer of shares while the shares are held within the plan.
                                                         Date notified                   Number of ordinary shares                rights 1
                                                                                                                                             At the Annual General Meeting held in July 2025, the Company was authorised by shareholders to purchase its
VESA Equity Investment S.à r.l.                          7 November 2024                 235,773,510                              10.00      own shares within certain limits and as permitted by the Articles of Association.
BlackRock, Inc.                                          31 March 2026                   226,518,121                              10.00
                                                                                                                                             During this financial year the Company completed two share buyback programmes. Both programmes took
Qatar Holdings LLC                                       4 December 2025                 155,890,509                               6.82
                                                                                                                                             place using the authority to purchase its own shares as approved by shareholders at the AGM. On 22 April 2025,
Schroders plc                                            31 March 2021                   116,161,658                               5.22      the Company announced the commencement of a share buyback programme of up to £200 million, to be
Bestway Group UK Limited                                 2 August 2024                   118,273,900                               5.01      completed by the end of the first half of the financial year. The programme completed on 12 September 2025
Pzena Investment Management, Inc                         7 January 2025                  118,145,905                               5.05      with an aggregate purchase price of £157.6 million. On 7 November 2025, the Company announced the
                                                                                                                                             commencement of a further share buyback programme for up to £92 million, to be completed by the end of
1     Percentages shown are as a percentage of the Company’s issued share capital when the Company was notified of the change in holding.    2025/26. This programme completed on 19 January 2026, bringing the aggregate purchase price of the buyback
Information requirement                                       Location within Annual Report                                                  programmes to £250 million this financial year.
Publication of unaudited financial information                See note 27                                                                    Further information can be found on page 37.
Details of any long-term incentive plans                      See Remuneration Report, Remuneration Policy and note 34
Shareholder waiver of dividends                               See note 26                                                                    Updated Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting – 2025/26 annual
Shareholder waiver of future dividends                        See note 26                                                                    overview
                                                                                                                                             J Sainsbury plc has been tracking and publicly disclosing its carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas (GHG)
Other information requirements set out in LR 6.6.1 are not applicable to the Company.                                                        emissions since 2005. Our emissions measurements are accompanied by a series of ambitious targets
                                                                                                                                             approved by the Science Based Targets initiative. By 2030, Sainsbury’s commits to reducing Scope 1 and 2
Political donations                                                                                                                          emissions by 68 per cent and reducing absolute Scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services and use
The Company made no political donations in 2025/26 (2024/25: £nil).                                                                          of sold products by 50.4 per cent for Energy/Industry emissions and by 36.4 per cent for Forest, Land and
                                                                                                                                             Agriculture (FLAG) emissions. This target aligns with the aim of limiting global warming to 1.5°C, as outlined in
Post-balance sheet events                                                                                                                    the Paris Agreement.
Subsequent to the balance sheet date, the Group acquired 6,128,749 shares through the J Sainsbury Employee
Share Ownership Trust, for the purpose of satisfying future share awards under the Group’s employee share                                    Methodology
plans. The financial liability of £21 million recognised at the balance sheet date has subsequently been                                     Sainsbury’s has conducted emission calculations and reporting aligning with the GHG Protocol Corporate
derecognised following the acquisition and settlement of directly attributable costs.                                                        Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised edition), utilising emission factors from the UK Government’s GHG
                                                                                                                                             Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2025, IEA 2025 and Association of Issuing Bodies (AIB) 2025. We are
Research and development                                                                                                                     also separately evaluating the performance of Sainsbury’s, Argos and Habitat emissions, in addition to
In the ordinary course of business, the Company regularly develops new products and services. See page 11 for                                assessing the overall Group performance. Our emissions reporting encompasses all mandatory sources as
more information.                                                                                                                            outlined by the Companies Act 2006 (Strategic Report and Directors’ Reports) Regulations 2013. The reporting
                                                                                                                                             period spans the financial year 2025/26, consistent with the timeframe covered by the Annual Report and
Share capital                                                                                                                                Financial Statements.
Except as described below in relation to the Company’s employee share plans, there are no restrictions on the                                The scope of this GHG inventory covers the UK and Ireland. GHG inventory boundaries are established utilising
voting rights attaching to the Company’s ordinary shares or the transfer of securities in the Company; no                                    the operational control approach. Scope 1 emissions include stationary combustion, mobile combustion and
person holds securities in the Company carrying special rights with regard to control of the Company; and the                                refrigerants. Scope 2 emissions are reported using both the location-based method and the market-based
Company is not aware of any agreements between holders of securities that may result in restrictions in the                                  method. Scope 2 emissions comprise purchased electricity and heat, on-site renewable energy (solar and
transfer of securities or voting rights. Further details of the rights, restrictions and obligations attaching to the                        wind), and Power Purchase agreements with wind farms. Purchased electricity includes consumption from
share capital of the Company, including voting rights, are contained in the Company’s Articles of Association.                               corporate contracts, non-operational sites which are vacant and contracts with other suppliers whereby the
The Articles of Association may only be changed with the agreement of shareholders.                                                          landlords are not reporting on electricity consumption themselves. For all corporate contract electricity and
                                                                                                                                             gas consumption, half-hourly data was used where possible, to increase the overall accuracy. During the
Shares acquired for the Company’s employee share plans by the Trustees rank pari passu with shares in issue and
                                                                                                                                             2025/26 reporting year, the latest global warming potential (GWP) emission factors from the IPCC’s Sixth
have no special rights. Where, under the Company’s All Employee Share Ownership Plan, participants are beneficial
                                                                                                                                             Assessment Report (AR6) have been used where available. Where AR6 factors were not available, emission
owners of the shares but the trust is the registered owner, the voting rights are normally exercised by the trustee of
                                                                                                                                             factors from the Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) have been applied.
123     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Directors’ report continued

Methodology continued
In 2025/26, 100 per cent of electricity is sourced from renewable sources (a combination of energy sourced directly from on-site solar and wind, Power Purchase agreements with UK wind farms and certificate-backed renewable
electricity from the UK, Northern Ireland, and the Republic of Ireland).
The following report compares Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions for 2025/26 and 2024/25. 2025/26 Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions have been subject to assurance by ERM Certification and Verification Services
Limited, with a clean, unqualified opinion issued. This has been done in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of
Historical Financial Information’ issued by the International Auditing and Standards Board.
The table below represents Sainsbury’s energy use and associated GHG emissions from electricity and fuel in the UK for the reporting years 2025/26 and 2024/25, in line with UK Government Streamlined Energy and Carbon
Reporting requirements.

Sainsbury’s breakdown
UK locations
                                                                                                      Energy consumption (kWh)                      Location based (tCO2e)                             Market based (tCO2e)
Emission source                                                                                           2024/25                2025/26             2024/25                    2025/26                 2024/25                 2025/26
Combustion of fuel and operation of facilities (Scope 1)                                           1,354,032,684        1,371,081,547               396,566                   400,387                  403,057                388,635
Electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased for own use (Scope 2)                                1,182,621,736       1,173,332,994               239,230                   201,700                       —                      —
Total                                                                                              2,536,654,419        2,544,414,541               635,795                   602,088                  403,057                388,635


Argos and Habitat breakdown
UK locations
                                                                                                      Energy consumption (kWh)                      Location based (tCO2e)                             Market based (tCO2e)
Emission source                                                                                           2024/25                2025/26             2024/25                    2025/26                 2024/25                 2025/26
Combustion of fuel and operation of facilities (Scope 1)                                            222,984,795            172,621,232                52,162                    40,624                   52,162                 52,376
Electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased for own use (Scope 2)                                 44,516,788             40,963,122                 9,190                     7,223                       —                      —
Total                                                                                                267,501,583          213,584,354                 61,352                    47,847                   52,162                 52,376

Global locations (excludes UK)
                                                                                                      Energy consumption (kWh)                      Location based (tCO2e)                             Market based (tCO2e)
Emission source                                                                                           2024/25                2025/26             2024/25                    2025/26                 2024/25                 2025/26
Combustion of fuel and operation of facilities (Scope 1)                                                  37,760                  30,000                   7                          5                      7                       5
Electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased for own use (Scope 2)                                     112,892                 159,073                  33                         28                     —                       —
Total                                                                                                    150,652                 189,072                  40                         34                       7                       5

Sainsbury’s Group
                                                                                                      Energy consumption (kWh)                      Location based (tCO2e)                             Market based (tCO2e)
Emission source                                                                                           2024/25                2025/26             2024/25                    2025/26                 2024/25                 2025/26
Combustion of fuel and operation of facilities (Scope 1)                                           1,577,055,239        1,543,732,779               448,734                    441,017                 448,734                441,017
Electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased for own use (Scope 2)                                1,227,251,416       1,214,455,189               248,452                    208,952                      —                      —
Total                                                                                             2,804,306,655         2,758,187,968                697,187                  649,969                  448,734                441,017


Energy efficiency statement
During 2025/26, Sainsbury’s has demonstrated its commitment to reducing the energy consumption of its operations by implementing the following energy efficiency initiatives:
124     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Directors’ report continued

Electricity consumption
We have completed our 15th year of Project Graphite, a dedicated programme focused on reducing carbon,
energy consumption and costs. Capital was allocated to the following initiatives during the year:
• The installation of additional on-site solar PV on new and existing stores.
• A number of energy efficiency projects including:
  – Heating and ventilation optimisation
  – Voltage optimisation,
  – The installation of ‘Air Doors’ to mitigate air infiltration
  – Continuation of Engineering Innovation programme, reviewing and trialling the latest technology to
    support in achieving net zero by 2035, including the trial of new building management systems for our
    stores and a grid scale battery
  – We continue to deliver the most efficient new stores through the installation of highly efficient zero
    carbon technologies

Refrigeration
We continue to replace refrigeration systems that use HFC refrigerant gas with more efficient alternatives that
use natural refrigerants – CO2, along with installing fridge doors and LED cabinet lighting to further improve
system efficiency.

Natural gas
We continue to remove natural gas heating, installing Refrigeration Integrated Heating and Cooling (RIHC)
systems, which take the residual heat generated by the refrigeration units and use this for space heating
around the store to meet the heating demand, reducing and even removing the need for natural gas.

Fleet
After trialling electric vans within our estate in previous years we started to roll out their use across more of
our operations, increasing the amount of EV vans within our fleet to over 200. Within our logistics operations
we introduced 30 HGVs operating on biomethane produced from food waste and have trialled the use of Green
Tyres and electric refrigerated trailers. Preparations were made for the installation of a grid scale battery
system in one of our distribution centres in Spring 2026, to trial how the technology can support the site in
balancing its electricity consumption with the grid. We also continued to work on the development of a network
of EV truck chargers that will go live in 2026 as we look to introduce our first electric trucks into our fleet.
The Directors’ Report was approved by the Board of Directors and signed on its behalf by:




Nick Grant
Company Secretary
22 April 2026
125    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026   Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements




Financial statements
126 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
127 Independent Auditors’ Report to the Members of J Sainsbury plc
Consolidated financial statements
135   Consolidated income statement
136   Consolidated statement of comprehensive income/(loss)
137   Consolidated balance sheet
138   Consolidated statement of changes in equity
139   Consolidated cash flow statement
140   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Company financial statements
198 Company balance sheet
199 Company statement of changes in equity
200 Notes to the Company financial statements
Additional information
203 Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
209 Useful contacts
210 Glossary
126    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                           Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Statement of directors’ responsibilities
in respect of the financial statements
The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and Financial Statements in accordance with           Directors’ confirmations
applicable law and regulation.                                                                                      The directors consider that the Annual Report and Financial Statements and accounts, taken as a whole, is fair,
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the      balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess the group’s
directors have prepared the consolidated financial statements in accordance with UK-adopted international           and company’s position and performance, business and strategy. Each of the directors, whose names and
accounting standards and the company financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally               functions are listed in the Governance Report confirm that, to the best of their knowledge:
Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 “Reduced                      • the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted
Disclosure Framework”, and applicable law).                                                                           international accounting standards, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and
Under company law, directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they            profit of the group;
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the group and company and of the profit or loss of the group   • the company financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with United Kingdom
for that period. In preparing the financial statements, the directors are required to:                                Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial
                                                                                                                      position of the company; and
• select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
                                                                                                                    • the Strategic Report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the
• state whether applicable UK-adopted international accounting standards have been followed for the
                                                                                                                      position of the group and company, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that
  consolidated financial statements and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 have
                                                                                                                      it faces.
  been followed for the company financial statements, subject to any material departures disclosed and
  explained in the financial statements;                                                                            • The Statement of directors’ responsibilities was approved by the Board of Directors and signed on its behalf
                                                                                                                      by:
• make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
• prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
  group and company will continue in business.
The directors are responsible for safeguarding the assets of the group and company and hence for taking
reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.
The directors are also responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
                                                                                                                    Nick Grant
                                                                                                                    General Counsel and Company Secretary
explain the group’s and company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the
                                                                                                                    22 April 2026
financial position of the group and company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements and the
Annual Report on remuneration comply with the Companies Act 2006.
The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the company’s website. Legislation in the
United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from
legislation in other jurisdictions.
127     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Independent auditors’ report
to the members of J Sainsbury plc

Report on the audit of the financial statements                                                                        Our audit approach
                                                                                                                       Context
Opinion                                                                                                                J Sainsbury plc is a UK headquartered grocery retailer with complementary general merchandise and financial
In our opinion:                                                                                                        services operations. The Group operates primarily in the UK. The 52 week period ended 28 February 2026
• J Sainsbury plc’s Consolidated financial statements and Company financial statements (the “financial                 represented our first year as external auditors of the Group and the Company.
  statements”) give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the Company’s affairs as at                As part of our audit transition, we performed specific procedures over opening balances, including a review of
  28 February 2026 and of the Group’s profit and the Group’s cash flows for the 52 week period then ended;             the predecessor auditors’ working papers and an assessment of audit risk. We also undertook process
• the Consolidated financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted                      walkthroughs to obtain an understanding of key financial reporting processes and controls across the Group. In
  international accounting standards as applied in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006;           addition, we independently assessed the appropriateness of the Group’s accounting policies and evaluated key
• the Company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom                       areas of estimation uncertainty and judgement affecting the Consolidated and Company financial statements.
  Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 101                       Throughout the first year audit, we continuously reassessed our risk assessment to reflect our initial audit
  “Reduced Disclosure Framework”, and applicable law); and                                                             findings, including our evaluation of the Group’s control environment and the resulting impact on our planned
• the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.           audit approach. Based on this work, we determined the following matters to be of most significance to our
We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026              audit of the financial statements and have, therefore, included them as key audit matters:
(the “Annual Report”), which comprise:
                                                                                                                       • Valuation of Home Retail Group goodwill (Group), reflecting the significance of management estimation involved
•   the Consolidated balance sheet as at 28 February 2026;                                                               in forecasting future cash flows and determining key assumptions used in the impairment assessment;
•   the Company balance sheet as at 28 February 2026;                                                                  • Valuation of the Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme (Group), reflecting the complexity of the valuation of certain
•   the Consolidated income statement for the period then ended;                                                         pension assets, and the materiality of the defined benefit obligations, and the sensitivity of the valuation to
•   the Consolidated statement of comprehensive income/(loss) for the period then ended;                                 movements in actuarial assumptions;
•   the Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the period then ended;                                         • Valuation of deferred tax balances relating to property, plant and equipment (Group), reflecting judgement
                                                                                                                         in assessing the measurement of deferred tax liabilities; and
•   the Company statement of changes in equity for the period then ended;
                                                                                                                       • Carrying value of investments (Company), reflecting the significance of these balances to the Company
•   the Consolidated cash flow statement for the period then ended; and
                                                                                                                         financial statements.
•   the notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
    explanatory information.                                                                                           Overview
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit Committee.                                                   Audit scope
                                                                                                                       • As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement
Basis for opinion                                                                                                        in the financial statements.
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and                   • Our Group audit included full scope audits of six components, including the Company, as well as audit
applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the     procedures being performed over various items at a Group level, including the consolidation, goodwill,
audit of the financial statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is          intercompany accounts, income tax, pensions, share-based payments and the assessment of going concern.
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.                                                         • The full scope components provided coverage of approximately 99% of Group revenue.
                                                                                                                       • At a Group level, we also performed audit procedures over specified balances and transactions across a
Independence                                                                                                             further two components and targeted risk assessment analytics over all remaining components.
We remained independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, as applicable to listed        Key audit matters
public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these            • Valuation of Home Retail Group goodwill (Group)
requirements.                                                                                                          • Valuation of the Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme (Group)
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical            • Valuation of deferred taxes relating to property, plant and equipment (Group)
Standard were not provided.                                                                                            • Carrying value of investments (Company)

Other than those disclosed in note 8.4 of the Consolidated financial statements, we have provided no non-audit
services to the Company or its controlled undertakings in the period under audit.
128    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                             Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Independent auditors’ report continued
to the members of J Sainsbury plc

Our audit approach continued
Overview continued
Materiality
• Overall Group materiality: £36.0 million based on approximately 5% of underlying profit before tax from continuing operations.
• Overall Company materiality: £80.0 million based on approximately 1% of total assets.
• Performance materiality: £23.4 million (Group) and £52.0 million (Company).
The scope of our audit
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’ professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of
material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by the auditors, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the
engagement team. These matters, and any comments we make on the results of our procedures thereon, were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.

Key audit matter                                                                                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of Home Retail Group goodwill (Group)
As described in note 16 (Intangible assets) of the Consolidated financial statements, the Group holds goodwill of        In evaluating and testing the recoverable amount of Argos goodwill, we:
£95 million in respect of the Home Retail Group (Argos) group of cash-generating units (“Argos goodwill”).
                                                                                                                         • Understood and evaluated the design and implementation of management’s controls over the goodwill
Under IAS 36 ‘Impairment of Assets’, and consistent with the Group’s accounting policy set out in note 3.8a,               impairment assessment and forecasting process;
goodwill is required to be tested for impairment annually, regardless of whether any indicators of impairment            • Tested the mathematical accuracy of the VIU models and agreed relevant data back to Board approved plans;
are present.                                                                                                             • Evaluated the reasonableness of management’s cash flow forecasts by comparing the assumptions made
The recoverable amount of the Argos goodwill has been determined based on value in use (“VIU”), which concluded            with internal and external data. In particular, we:
that headroom of £150 million (as set out in note 17, Impairment of non-financial assets) exists over the carrying         – Compared the short-term growth rates with recent performance history and market data;
value, and accordingly no impairment of goodwill was recognised.                                                           – Challenged key assumptions within the short-term cash flow forecasts and validated these to support
The determination of the recoverable amount requires management to make significant estimates regarding the                  and external data where relevant;
forecast short-term cash flows underpinning the VIU model, the pre-tax discount rate, and the long-term growth             – Obtained evidence to assess the historical accuracy in management’s forecasting process; and
rate applied to the terminal value calculation. These assumptions are inherently subjective and sensitive to               – Performed sensitivity analysis to understand the impact of changes in key assumptions on the
changes in the competitive retail environment, consumer behaviour and macroeconomic conditions. Accordingly,                 available headroom.
as described in note 4.2, management considers the impairment of non-financial assets to represent a key source          • Considered the impact of climate-related risks and commitments on future forecasts;
of estimation uncertainty.
                                                                                                                         • Involved our valuation experts to assist in our evaluation of the discount rate and long-term growth rate
Given the magnitude of the goodwill balance, the headroom in the model and the level of estimation inherent in             used by management; and
forecasting future cash flows, we determined that the carrying value of goodwill for Home Retail Group (Argos)           • Whilst not the area of heightened risk, we assessed the disclosures in the Consolidated financial
represents a key audit matter for the current year audit.                                                                  statements and ensured these are in line with the requirements of IAS 1 and IAS 36.
                                                                                                                         Based on the procedures performed, we noted no material issues from our testing.
129    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Independent auditors’ report continued
to the members of J Sainsbury plc
Our audit approach continued
Key audit matters continued
Key audit matter                                                                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of the Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme (Group)
Refer to note 3.18 (accounting policy) and note 33 (Retirement benefit obligations) of the Consolidated financial       We evaluated the design and implementation of controls in respect of the valuation of the more complex
statements.                                                                                                             PIVs and the defined benefit obligations (DBO).
The Group has defined benefit pension schemes (including small unfunded schemes) with a net surplus of £525             We obtained an understanding of all PIVs and assessed their complexity to determine the population
million as at 28 February 2026 (2025: net surplus of £731 million).                                                     considered more complex and for which there is greater valuation risk.
The gross assets and liabilities of the Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme (which includes a Sainsbury’s section and an         For all material PIVs, we obtained confirmation of valuations directly from investment managers and agreed
Argos section) are £6,371 million and £5,823 million respectively as at the current period end and are significant in   them to the valuations recorded by management.
the context of the Consolidated balance sheet. There are additional obligations related to unfunded schemes
                                                                                                                        On a sample basis, we obtained additional information for complex PIVs and assessed whether this provided
totalling £23 million, which are immaterial and were not subject to audit procedures.
                                                                                                                        any evidence that the valuations provided by the investment managers may have been incorrect.
Management estimation is required in relation to the measurement of pension scheme obligations and
                                                                                                                        Our audit approach in response to the key estimates within the Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme DBO included
management employs independent actuarial experts to assist in determining appropriate assumptions such as
                                                                                                                        the following procedures:
inflation, discount rates and mortality. Movements in these assumptions can have a material impact on the
determination of the gross liability and, therefore, the extent of any net surplus or deficit.                          • We engaged our actuarial experts to evaluate whether the assumptions were: (i) consistent with the
                                                                                                                          specifics of the Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme; and (ii) consistent with independently developed estimates;
The pension assets include investments in pooled investment vehicles (‘PIVs’), which include assets that are valued
using level 3 fair value measurements, being valuations that include inputs that are not based on observable            • We evaluated the calculations prepared by management’s external actuaries, including testing the
market data. These level 3 funds specifically carry significant risk of valuation error due to the lack of an             completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. To evaluate the reasonableness of management’s
observable market price, which requires judgement and estimates to be applied by the investment managers in               estimate, our experts also compared their independent estimate with management’s estimate; and
determining the value of the underlying assets.                                                                         • We tested the DBO by rolling forward the results from the 30 September 2024 triennial funding valuation
                                                                                                                          to assess consistency with the updated valuation results, and reviewed the new demographic studies
The valuation of the defined benefit schemes’ obligations and investments in complex PIVs are considered a key            carried out as part of the triennial valuation that were used in setting the assumptions.
audit matter given the quantum of the balances and the judgement and estimation involved in determining the
                                                                                                                        Whilst not the area of heightened risk, we also assessed the completeness and accuracy of the associated
valuations.
                                                                                                                        disclosures.
                                                                                                                        Based on the procedures performed, we noted no material issues from our testing.
130    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Independent auditors’ report continued
to the members of J Sainsbury plc
Our audit approach continued
Key audit matters continued
Key audit matter                                                                                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of deferred taxes relating to property, plant and equipment (Group)
Refer to note 2.1 (Prior period restatements) and note 10 (Taxation) of the consolidated financial statements.             Utilising tax specialists, we evaluated the process for monitoring the accounting and tax values of property,
                                                                                                                           plant and equipment.
In the prior financial year, the Group reported a deferred tax liability of £429 million, £209 million of which related
to accelerated capital allowances. This liability should represent the difference between the accounting and tax           On a sample basis, we tested the treatment of property, plant and equipment expenditure, ensuring that the
values of property, plant and equipment on which capital allowances have been claimed and, therefore, requires             expenditure was correctly classified and that this classification was treated as qualifying or non-qualifying
tracking of these values over time.                                                                                        in accordance with relevant tax legislation. We assessed changes made to both the classification of
                                                                                                                           expenditure and to the tax treatment of each category as part of the restatement.
During the financial year, management performed a detailed review of historical capital expenditure, identifying
areas where this tracking had not been performed correctly, resulting in a prior year restatement to deferred tax of       We assessed the impact of the restatement on comparative periods, considering the changes to the deferred
£114 million, partially offset by £12 million reallocation to current tax, giving rise to the net impact to deferred tax   tax liability on accelerated capital allowances, the impact on the underlying effective tax rate and the
of £102 million, as set out in note 2.1.                                                                                   appropriateness of disclosures included within note 2.1.
As the depreciation of property, plant and equipment that does not qualify for tax relief is a key driver of the           We also considered the control implications of the restatement, in particular assessing whether any other
Group’s effective tax rate, this restatement also impacts the Group’s underlying effective tax rate.                       material components of deferred tax could be impacted.
Given the restatement, this was an area where we applied significant audit effort and hence why it was identified          Based on the procedures performed, we agree with the appropriateness of the restated deferred tax position
as a key audit matter.                                                                                                     and consider the associated disclosures appropriate.


Carrying value of investments (Company)
The carrying value of Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates in the Company financial statements       Audit procedures included, but were not limited to, the following:
is £6,592 million (note C2 to the Company financial statements).
                                                                                                                           • We assessed the quantum of the net assets of the underlying investment to determine whether they were in
The key judgement is whether there is an impairment trigger in respect of the Company’s carrying value of its                excess of the carrying value of the Company’s investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, as
investments, which includes consideration of whether the carrying value of the investments is supported by the net           well as considering the nature of those assets, and confirmed that there were no indicators of impairment;
assets and/ or forecast future cash flows of the underlying Group undertakings.                                            • We confirmed that the market capitalisation of the Group as at 28 February 2026 exceeded the carrying
As such it was this area where we applied the most audit effort in respect of the audit of the Company and hence why         value of the Company investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates; and
it was identified as a key audit matter.                                                                                   • We considered whether any other evidence obtained in respect of our audit represented an indicator of
                                                                                                                             impairment.
                                                                                                                           Based on the procedures performed, we noted no material issues from our testing.
131    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Independent auditors’ report continued
to the members of J Sainsbury plc
Our audit approach continued                                                                                       In relation to the audit of the Company financial statements, this was performed by the Group audit team.
                                                                                                                   The Company is a holding company and predominantly holds investments in subsidiaries and intercompany
How we tailored the audit scope                                                                                    balances. The Company is also a full scope, non-significant component of the Group.
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on
the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group and the Company, the           The impact of climate risk on our audit
accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which they operate.                                         The Group has set its Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 1.5°C aligned targets to reduce Scope 1 and 2
                                                                                                                   greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 68 per cent by 2030 from its 2018/19 baseline and achieve net zero within
J Sainsbury plc (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) operate primarily in Retail
                                                                                                                   its own operations by 2035, as well as to reduce Scope 3 Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) emissions by 36.4
(comprising the sale of food, household, general merchandise, clothing and fuel primarily through store and
                                                                                                                   per cent and energy and industrial emissions by 50.4 per cent by 2030, with net zero achieved across its value
online channels) and Financial Services (comprising banking and insurance services through Sainsbury’s Bank
                                                                                                                   chain by 2050.
and Argos Financial Services). The Group’s operations are predominantly UK-based, with its principal trading
entities being Sainsbury’s Supermarkets Limited (“SSL”), Argos Limited (“Argos”), and Sainsbury’s Bank plc. The    Management considers that climate change does not give rise to a material impact on the Consolidated
operations are supported by various centralised Group functions.                                                   financial statements. As part of our audit, we inquired of management to understand the Group’s risk
                                                                                                                   assessment process in relation to climate change. Management’s climate-related risk assessment is informed
The Group’s accounting and financial reporting functions are structured around these segments. Centralised
                                                                                                                   by external sustainability experts, including its collaboration with Imperial College on its transition roadmap to
Group functions manage certain corporate-level balances, including goodwill, intercompany accounts, income
                                                                                                                   2035. We reviewed management’s assessment of climate-related physical risks (including heat events, flooding
tax, pensions and share-based payments, and the consolidation process. The Financial Services business
                                                                                                                   and drought) and transition risks (including regulation and changes in consumer preferences), their relevance
operates with a degree of autonomy, maintaining its own finance function.
                                                                                                                   to the Group and the impact, if any, on the financial statements.
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we obtained sufficient, appropriate audit evidence to be able
                                                                                                                   In evaluating the completeness of risks identified, we engaged our internal climate change specialists to
to form an opinion on the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group and
                                                                                                                   review management’s assessment and considered the Group’s latest Carbon Disclosure Project (“CDP”)
the Company, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which they operate. In establishing
                                                                                                                   submission. We understood how management has considered the Group’s Plan for Better climate
the overall approach to the Group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed by us,
                                                                                                                   commitments in their assessment, including the embedding of Plan for Better cash flows, principally property
as the Group engagement team, or by component auditors operating under our instructions.
                                                                                                                   capital expenditure to achieve net zero by 2035, into the FY27 Corporate Plan base model. The cashflows to
We determined that SSL and Argos were significant components due to their relative size, given their overall       meet these climate commitments are, therefore, already reflected in the base forecasts used for impairment
contribution to the Group’s underlying profit before tax, from continuing operations and revenue, and due to       testing, the going concern assessment and the viability statement and no separate modelling of these is
risk, in particular in relation to deferred tax, pensions and, for Argos goodwill. Together, these two entities    required. Based on their risk assessment, management has also concluded that no separate modelling for
represent the vast majority of the Group’s trading activity and are the primary drivers of the key audit matters   climate change related risks is required.
identified in this audit report. These two components were subject to full scope audits.
                                                                                                                   In responding to the risks identified, we specifically considered how climate change risk could impact the
Outside of these two components, full-scope audits were performed at a further four non-significant                assumptions in management’s forecasts used in assessing the carrying value of goodwill and other non-
components, including the Company, given their nature and contribution to certain Consolidated financial           financial assets, including the most material transitional risks in fuel sales, regulation and changes in
statement line items. Three of these components are within the Group’s Financial Services segment. Taken           consumer preferences in meat, fish and poultry, which management modelled under a 1.5°C scenario. We also
together, these six full-scope components provided coverage of approximately 99% of Group revenue.                 assessed the consistency of the Plan for Better cash flows within the base model with the Group’s externally
                                                                                                                   communicated commitments. In addition, we considered the appropriateness of not separately modelling
In addition to the six full-scope audits, the Group team performed audit procedures over financial statement
                                                                                                                   climate change as a severe but plausible downside scenario in areas such as going concern and viability. We
line items within a further two non-significant components to ensure we obtained sufficient, appropriate
                                                                                                                   did not find management’s assessment to be unreasonable.
evidence over specific balances and transactions that are relevant to the Consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                   We also read the climate change disclosures in the other information within the Annual Report to ascertain
For all other non-significant components, where no detailed testing took place, we performed targeted risk
                                                                                                                   whether they are materially consistent with the financial statements and the knowledge gained from our
assessment procedures, consistent with the limited associated risk of material misstatement in the financial
                                                                                                                   audit. No exceptions to this were identified. Our responsibility over other information is further described in the
information of these components.
                                                                                                                   Reporting on other information section of this audit report.
For work that was not completed by the Group audit team, we determined the level of involvement we needed
to have in the audit work at those components to be able to conclude whether sufficient, appropriate audit
evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the Consolidated financial statements as a whole.
In addition to instructing and reviewing the reporting from those component audit teams, we conducted file
reviews, maintained regular dialogue through the financial year and participated in key meetings with the
component audit teams as part of the audit. We also visited the Group’s Financial Services head office, meeting
with both the component auditors and with management.
132    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                         Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Independent auditors’ report continued
to the members of J Sainsbury plc
Our audit approach continued                                                                                      Conclusions relating to going concern
Materiality                                                                                                       Our evaluation of the directors’ assessment of the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue to adopt the
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds   going concern basis of accounting included:
for materiality. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit   • We obtained the directors’ going concern forecast and downside sensitivities and evaluated and challenged
and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures on the individual financial statement line items and      the key assumptions within the forecasts and considered whether these were supported by the evidence we
disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements, both individually and in aggregate on the financial      obtained;
statements as a whole.                                                                                            • We tested the assessment, including verifying going concern model inputs against Board-approved
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole              forecasts and validating the mathematical accuracy of the model;
as follows:                                                                                                       • We understood and evaluated the related controls surrounding management’s forecasting and budgeting
                             Financial statements – Consolidated      Financial statements – Company
                                                                                                                    process and considered the historical accuracy of management forecasting by comparing budgeted results
                                                                                                                    with actual performance;
Overall materiality          £36.0 million.                           £80.0 million
                                                                                                                  • We read the Group’s borrowing facility documentation to confirm their availability to the Group and the
How we                       Approximately 5% of underlying profit    approximately 1% of total assets              Company through the going concern period, including verifying that management had appropriately
determined it                before tax from continuing operations                                                  identified and assessed financial covenant compliance;
                                                                                                                  • We assessed whether the sensitivities modelled in the severe but plausible downside scenario were
Rationale for                As the business is profit oriented, a    We consider that total assets is the
                                                                                                                    sufficiently severe, including considering the principal risks facing the business. We evaluated the amount
benchmark applied            profit-based metric is a generally       primary measure used by the
                             accepted materiality benchmark. We       shareholders in assessing the                 and timing of identified mitigating actions available to respond to a severe but plausible downside scenario
                             consider that underlying profit before   performance of the Company, as it is a        and considered whether those actions are feasible and within the Group’s control; and
                             tax from continuing operations is the    holding entity, and is a generally          • We assessed the appropriateness of disclosures relating to going concern in the financial statements.
                             primary measure used by                  accepted materiality benchmark.             Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events
                             management and other key                                                             or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group’s and the Company’s
                             stakeholders in assessing the                                                        ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial
                             performance of the Group.                                                            statements are authorised for issue.
                                                                                                                  In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis
For each component in the scope of our Group audit, we allocated a materiality that is less than our overall
                                                                                                                  of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.
Group materiality. The range of materiality allocated across components was between £5.0 million and £33.2
million.                                                                                                          However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee as
                                                                                                                  to the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
We use performance materiality to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate of
uncorrected and undetected misstatements exceeds overall materiality. Specifically, we use performance            In relation to the directors’ reporting on how they have applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have
materiality in determining the scope of our audit and the nature and extent of our testing of account balances,   nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to the directors’ statement in the financial statements
classes of transactions and disclosures, for example in determining sample sizes. Our performance materiality     about whether the directors considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting.
was 65% of overall materiality, amounting to £23.4 million for the Consolidated financial statements and £52.0
                                                                                                                  Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the
million for the Company financial statements.
                                                                                                                  relevant sections of this report.
In determining the performance materiality, we considered a number of factors – the history of misstatements,
risk assessment and aggregation risk and the effectiveness of controls – and concluded that an amount in the
middle of our normal range was appropriate.
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit
above £1.8 million (Group audit) and £1.8 million (Company audit) as well as misstatements below those
amounts that, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.
133    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                           Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Independent auditors’ report continued
to the members of J Sainsbury plc
Reporting on other information                                                                                       • The directors’ statement in the financial statements about whether they considered it appropriate to adopt
                                                                                                                       the going concern basis of accounting in preparing them, and their identification of any material
The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements
                                                                                                                       uncertainties to the Group’s and Company’s ability to continue to do so over a period of at least twelve
and our auditors’ report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the
                                                                                                                       months from the date of approval of the financial statements;
financial statements does not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion
or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of assurance thereon.                  • The directors’ explanation as to their assessment of the Group’s and Company’s prospects, the period this
                                                                                                                       assessment covers and why the period is appropriate; and
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information        • The directors’ statement as to whether they have a reasonable expectation that the Company will be able to
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial                 continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period of its assessment, including any
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we              related disclosures drawing attention to any necessary qualifications or assumptions.
identify an apparent material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform procedures
to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material misstatement          Our review of the directors’ statement regarding the longer-term viability of the Group and Company was
of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material              substantially less in scope than an audit and only consisted of making inquiries and considering the directors’
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report based on      process supporting their statement; checking that the statement is in alignment with the relevant provisions of
these responsibilities.                                                                                              the UK Corporate Governance Code; and considering whether the statement is consistent with the financial
                                                                                                                     statements and our knowledge and understanding of the Group and Company and their environment obtained
With respect to the Strategic report and Directors’ report, we also considered whether the disclosures required      in the course of the audit.
by the UK Companies Act 2006 have been included.
                                                                                                                     In addition, based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following
Based on our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Companies Act 2006 requires us also to report           elements of the corporate governance statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and
certain opinions and matters as described below.                                                                     our knowledge obtained during the audit:
Strategic report and Directors’ report                                                                               • The directors’ statement that they consider the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information given in the Strategic        understandable, and provides the information necessary for the members to assess the Group’s and
report and Directors’ report for the period ended 28 February 2026 is consistent with the financial statements         Company’s position, performance, business model and strategy;
and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.                                              • The section of the Annual Report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk management and internal
                                                                                                                       control systems; and
In light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and Company and their environment obtained in the
course of the audit, we did not identify any material misstatements in the Strategic report and Directors’ report.   • The section of the Annual Report describing the work of the Audit Committee.
                                                                                                                     We have nothing to report in respect of our responsibility to report when the directors’ statement relating to
Directors’ Remuneration                                                                                              the Company’s compliance with the Code does not properly disclose a departure from a relevant provision of
In our opinion, the part of the Annual report on remuneration to be audited has been properly prepared in            the Code specified under the Listing Rules for review by the auditors.
accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
                                                                                                                     Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
Corporate governance statement                                                                                       Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements
The Listing Rules require us to review the directors’ statements in relation to going concern, longer-term
                                                                                                                     As explained more fully in the Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the financial statements,
viability and that part of the corporate governance statement relating to the Company’s compliance with the
                                                                                                                     the directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code specified for our review. Our additional responsibilities with
                                                                                                                     framework and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view. The directors are also responsible for such
respect to the corporate governance statement as other information are described in the Reporting on other
                                                                                                                     internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
information section of this report.
                                                                                                                     from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of
                                                                                                                     In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the
the corporate governance statement, included within the Governance Report is materially consistent with the
                                                                                                                     Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit, and we have nothing material to add or
                                                                                                                     and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the
draw attention to in relation to:
                                                                                                                     Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
• The directors’ confirmation that they have carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks;
• The disclosures in the Annual Report that describe those principal risks, what procedures are in place to
  identify emerging risks and an explanation of how these are being managed or mitigated;
134    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Independent auditors’ report continued
to the members of J Sainsbury plc
Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit continued                                              A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s
                                                                                                                   website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
                                                                                                                   Use of this report
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our
                                                                                                                   This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the Company’s members as a body in
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                                                                                                                   accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
                                                                                                                   these opinions, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                                                                                                                   report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design              Other required reporting
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of
                                                                                                                   Companies Act 2006 exception reporting
irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities,
                                                                                                                   Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
including fraud, is detailed below.
                                                                                                                   • we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
Based on our understanding of the Group and industry, we identified that the principal risks of non-
compliance with laws and regulations related to employment law, health and safety legislation, data                • adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Company, or returns adequate for our audit have
protection laws and the Groceries Supply Code of Practice, and we considered the extent to which non-                not been received from branches not visited by us; or
compliance might have a material effect on the financial statements. We also considered those laws and             • certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
regulations that have a direct impact on the financial statements such as the UK Companies Act 2006, the UK        • the Company financial statements and the part of the Annual report on remuneration to be audited are not
Corporate Governance Code, UK tax legislation and UK banking regulations. We evaluated management’s                  in agreement with the accounting records and returns.
incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the financial statements (including the risk of        We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.
override of controls), and determined that the principal risks were related to posting inappropriate journal
entries to manipulate financial results and management bias in accounting estimates. The Group engagement          Appointment
team shared this risk assessment with the component auditors so that they could include appropriate audit          We were first appointed by the Company for the financial year ended 28 February 2026. Our uninterrupted
procedures in response to such risks in their work. Audit procedures performed by the Group engagement team        engagement covers 1 financial year.
and/or component auditors included:
• understanding and evaluating the design and implementation of controls designed to prevent and detect
                                                                                                                   Other matter
  management override of controls, including irregularities and fraud;                                             The Company is required by the Financial Conduct Authority Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules to
                                                                                                                   include these financial statements in an annual financial report prepared under the structured digital format
• discussions with management, Internal Audit and the Group’s General Counsel regarding their consideration
                                                                                                                   required by DTR 4.1.15R – 4.1.18R and filed on the National Storage Mechanism of the Financial Conduct
  of known or suspected instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations or fraud;
                                                                                                                   Authority. This auditors’ report provides no assurance over whether the structured digital format annual
• identifying and testing journal entries, in particular any journal entries posted with unusual account
                                                                                                                   financial report has been prepared in accordance with those requirements.
  combinations;
• challenging estimates and judgements made by management and assessing these for management bias; and
• designing audit procedures to incorporate unpredictability around the nature, timing or extent of our testing.
There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become aware of
instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that are not closely related to events and transactions      Simon Morley (Senior Statutory Auditor)
reflected in the financial statements. Also, the risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is     for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by,    Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion.                                      London
Our audit testing might include testing complete populations of certain transactions and balances, possibly        22 April 2026
using data auditing techniques. However, it typically involves selecting a limited number of items for testing,
rather than testing complete populations. We will often seek to target particular items for testing based on
their size or risk characteristics. In other cases, we will use audit sampling to enable us to draw a conclusion
about the population from which the sample is selected.
135       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                    Strategic Report   Governance Report      Financial Statements


Consolidated income statement

                                                                                                 52 weeks to 28 February 2026                 52 weeks to 1 March 2025 (restated*)
                                                                                                                Non-                                            Non-
                                                                                                          underlying                                       underlying
                                                                                            Underlying         items                        Underlying         items
                                                                                                items        (Note 5)             Total         items        (Note 5)                Total
                                                                                     Note          £m             £m                £m             £m             £m                   £m
Continuing operations
Revenue                                                                                6       33,647             —             33,647         32,772               —           32,772
Cost of sales                                                                                 (31,369)           (72)          (31,441)       (30,511)             (78)        (30,589)
Gross profit/(loss)                                                                             2,278            (72)           2,206           2,261              (78)           2,183
Administrative expenses                                                                        (1,328)           (63)           (1,391)        (1,302)             (99)          (1,401)
Other income                                                                                       75              7                82             55               53              108
Operating profit/(loss)                                                                         1,025           (128)              897          1,014             (124)               890
Finance income                                                                         9           24             40                64             31               36                 67
Finance expense                                                                        9         (331)            (11)            (342)          (336)             (14)              (350)
Profit/(loss) before tax - continuing operations                                                  718            (99)              619            709             (102)               607
Income tax (expense)/credit                                                           10         (210)             5              (205)          (205)              19               (186)
Profit/(loss) after tax - continuing operations                                                   508            (94)              414           504               (83)               421
Loss after tax - discontinued operations                                               11          —              (21)              (21)          —               (168)              (168)
Profit/(loss) for the financial period                                                            508           (115)              393           504              (251)              253


Earnings per share                                                                    12        pence                            pence          pence                            pence
Basic - total                                                                                    22.3                             17.3           21.6                                10.9
Diluted - total                                                                                  21.9                             16.9           21.2                                10.7
Earnings per share - from continuing operations                                       12
Basic - continuing                                                                                                                18.2                                               18.1
Diluted - continuing                                                                                                              17.8                                               17.8

*     Refer to note 2 for details of prior year restatements.

The notes on pages 140 to 197 form an integral part of these financial statements.
136       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Consolidated statement of comprehensive income/(loss)

                                                                                                                    52 weeks to       52 weeks to
                                                                                                                    28 February      1 March 2025
                                                                                                                           2026        (restated*)
                                                                                                             Note           £m                 £m
Profit for the financial year                                                                                               393              253
Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to the income statement
Remeasurement on defined benefit pension schemes                                                             33.3           (265)             (33)
Cash flow hedges fair value movements                                                                                         —                 1
Tax relating to items that will not be reclassified                                                                           67                8
                                                                                                                            (198)             (24)
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to the income statement
Currency translation differences                                                                                               (1)            —
Movements on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                 (1)             1
Cash flow hedges fair value movements                                                                         29             (40)             13
Items reclassified from cash flow hedge reserve                                                               29                5              2
Tax relating to items that may be reclassified                                                                                  5             (4)
                                                                                                                             (32)              12
Total other comprehensive loss for the year (net of tax)                                                                    (230)             (12)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                     163              241


Continuing operations                                                                                                       184             409
Discontinued operations                                                                                      11.1            (21)           (168)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                     163              241

*     Refer to note 2 for details of prior year restatements.

The notes on pages 140 to 197 form an integral part of these financial statements.
137    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                       Strategic Report    Governance Report       Financial Statements


Consolidated balance sheet

                                                                            28 February    1 March 2025    2 March 2024                                                                                     28 February    1 March 2025      2 March 2024
                                                                                   2026      (restated*)     (restated*)                                                                                           2026      (restated*)       (restated*)
                                                                     Note           £m               £m              £m                                                                            Note             £m               £m                £m
Non-current assets                                                                                                         Non-current liabilities
Property, plant and equipment                                         14        9,386            9,358           9,282     Trade and other payables                                                  22            (22)             (24)              (11)
Right-of-use assets                                                   15        4,486            4,455           4,296     Amounts due to Financial Services customers and
Intangible assets                                                     16          838              807             806     other deposits                                                           23              —                (13)           (206)
Investments in joint ventures and associates                                        2                2               2     Borrowings                                                               32            (981)          (1,042)           (1,130)
Other financial assets                                                18          129              769             761     Lease liabilities                                                        15          (5,035)          (5,011)          (4,839)
Trade and other receivables                                           20           22               42             108     Derivative financial liabilities                                         29               (3)              (11)            (59)
Amounts due from Financial Services customers and                                                                          Retirement benefit deficit                                               33             (23)              (23)             (24)
other banks                                                                        —                —            1,467     Deferred income tax liability                                            10            (302)            (327)             (256)
Derivative financial assets                                           29           18               35              68     Provisions                                                               24             (96)            (157)             (167)
Retirement benefit surplus                                            33          548              754             714                                                                                          (6,462)          (6,608)          (6,692)
                                                                               15,429           16,222          17,504     Total liabilities                                                                   (12,793)        (17,992)          (18,189)
Current assets                                                                                                             Net assets                                                                            6,150           6,765             6,971
Inventories                                                           19         1,987           1,946           1,927
                                                                                                                           Equity
Trade and other receivables                                           20           431             572             582
                                                                                                                           Called up share capital                                                  25             647             669               678
Amounts due from Financial Services customers and
                                                                                                                           Share premium                                                            25           1,465           1,448             1,430
other banks                                                                         —               —            3,050
                                                                                                                           Merger reserve                                                           25             173             173               568
Other financial assets                                                18            —            1,167              26
                                                                                                                           Capital redemption and other reserves                                    26             (65)            (54)              955
Derivative financial assets                                           29             7              15               8
                                                                                                                           Retained earnings                                                                     3,930           4,529             3,340
Income taxes receivable                                                             19              86              75
Cash and cash equivalents                                             30         1,067           2,222           1,978     Total equity shareholders’ funds                                                      6,150           6,765             6,971
                                                                                 3,511           6,008           7,646     *   Refer to note 2 for details of prior year restatements.
Assets of disposal group and non-current assets held
for sale                                                              21             3           2,527               10    The notes on pages 140 to 197 form an integral part of these financial statements.

                                                                                 3,514           8,535           7,656     Approved by the Board of Directors on 22 April 2026, and signed on its behalf by:
Total assets                                                                   18,943           24,757          25,160
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                              22        (5,565)         (5,489)         (5,261)
Amounts due to Financial Services customers and                                                                            Simon Roberts Bláthnaid Bergin
other deposits                                                        23             —          (1,955)         (5,515)    Chief Executive            Chief Financial Officer
Borrowings                                                            32           (80)            (72)            (65)
Lease liabilities                                                     15          (505)           (483)           (515)
Other financial liabilities                                           18            (21)             —              —
Derivative financial liabilities                                      29           (20)             (15)           (28)
Income taxes payable                                                                 —               (4)            —
Provisions                                                            24          (140)           (230)           (113)
                                                                                (6,331)         (8,248)        (11,497)
Liabilities of disposal group held for sale                           21            —           (3,136)             —
                                                                                (6,331)        (11,384)        (11,497)
Net current liabilities                                                         (2,817)         (2,849)         (3,841)
138       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                  Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Consolidated statement of changes in equity

                                                                                                 Called up     Share premium                     Capital redemption              Retained                 Total
                                                                                              share capital           account   Merger reserve    and other reserves             earnings                Equity
                                                                                      Note              £m                £m               £m                    £m                   £m                    £m
At 2 March 2025 (as previously reported)                                                               669             1,448              173                   (54)               4,415                  6,651
Opening balance adjustment                                                                              —                 —                —                      —                  114                    114
At 2 March 2025 (restated*)                                                                            669             1,448              173                   (54)               4,529                  6,765
Profit for the financial year                                                                           —                 —                —                      —                  393                    393
Other comprehensive loss (pre-tax)                                                                      —                 —                —                     (37)               (265)                  (302)
Tax relating to components of other comprehensive loss                                                  —                 —                —                       5                  67                     72
Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                                       —                 —                —                     (32)                195                    163
Cash flow hedges gains transferred to inventory                                                         —                 —                —                      13                  —                      13
Transactions with owners:
  Transfer between reserves                                                              26              —                —                —                      6                    (6)                   —
  Dividends                                                                              13              —                —                —                     —                  (566)                 (566)
  Share-based payment                                                                    34              —                —                —                     —                     80                    80
  Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                               26              —                —                —                    (85)                   —                    (85)
  Shares allocated in respect of share option schemes                                25, 26               3               17               —                     62                   (62)                   20
  Purchase of own shares for cancellation                                                26              —                —                —                   (251)                   —                   (251)
  Cancellation of own shares                                                         25, 26             (25)              —                —                    276                  (251)                   —
Tax on items charged to equity                                                                           —                —                —                     —                     11                    11
At 28 February 2026                                                                                    647             1,465              173                    (65)              3,930                  6,150

                                                                                                  Called up    Share premium           Merger     Capital redemption             Retained                  Total
                                                                                               share capital          account          reserve     and other reserves            earnings                 Equity
                                                                                      Note              £m                £m               £m                     £m                  £m                     £m
At 3 March 2024 (as previously reported)                                                               678             1,430              568                   955                 3,237                 6,868
Opening balance adjustment                                                                              —                 —                —                      —                   103                   103
At 3 March 2024 (restated*)                                                                            678             1,430              568                   955                3,340                  6,971
Profit for the financial year                                                                           —                 —                —                      —                  253                    253
Other comprehensive income/(loss) (pre-tax)                                                             —                 —                —                      17                 (33)                    (16)
Tax relating to components of other comprehensive income/(loss)                                         —                 —                —                      (4)                  8                       4
Total comprehensive income                                                                              —                 —                —                      13                 228                    241
Cash flow hedges gains transferred to inventory                                                         —                 —                —                      18                  —                      18
Transactions with owners:
  Transfer between reserves                                                          25, 26             —                 —              (395)                (1,035)               1,430                     —
  Dividends                                                                              13             —                 —                —                       —                 (308)                 (308)
  Share-based payment                                                                    34             —                 —                —                       —                   80                     80
  Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                               26             —                 —                —                      (63)                 —                     (63)
  Shares allocated in respect of share option schemes                                25, 26              12               18               —                       37                 (44)                    23
  Purchase of own shares for cancellation                                                26             —                 —                —                    (200)                  —                   (200)
  Cancellation of own shares                                                         25, 26             (21)              —                —                     221                 (200)                    —
Tax on items charged to equity                                                                          —                 —                —                       —                    3                      3
At 1 March 2025 (restated*)                                                                            669             1,448              173                    (54)              4,529                  6,765

*     Refer to note 2 for details of prior year restatements.

The notes on pages 140 to 197 form an integral part of these financial statements.
139    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report   Governance Report      Financial Statements


Consolidated cash flow statement

                                                                                       52 weeks to     52 weeks to                                                                                                 52 weeks to        52 weeks to
                                                                                       28 February    1 March 2025                                                                                                 28 February       1 March 2025
                                                                                              2026      (restated*)                                                                                                       2026         (restated*)
                                                                               Note            £m               £m                                                                                          Note           £m                  £m
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                  Cash flows from investing activities
Operating profit - continuing operations                                                      897             890     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                             (613)           (617)
Depreciation                                                                   14,15        1,039           1,033     Initial direct costs on new leases                                                                      (8)            (34)
Amortisation                                                                      16          199             182     Purchase of intangible assets                                                                         (230)           (208)
Net impairment loss on non-financial assets                                       17           23               22    Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                 41              45
Loss /(profit) on sale of non-current assets and early termination of leases                    3              (53)   Interest received                                                                                       23              27
Fair value movements                                                                           12               (2)   Net cash used in investing activities - continuing operations                                         (787)           (787)
Share-based payments expense                                                    34             75               73
Defined benefit scheme expense                                                 33.2             8                8
                                                                                                                      Cash flows from financing activities
Defined benefit pension scheme payments                                        33.4           (27)            (45)
                                                                                                                      Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares                                                                20              20
Operating cash flows before changes in working capital -                                                              Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                 —             544
continuing operations                                                                       2,229           2,108     Repayment of borrowings                                                                                 (59)          (623)
                                                                                                                      Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                                                (64)            (63)
Changes in working capital                                                                                            Purchase of own shares for cancellation                                                26              (251)          (200)
Increase in inventories                                                                       (29)              —     Capital repayment of lease obligations                                                                (504)           (487)
Decrease/(increase) in other financial assets                                               1,807           (1,149)   Dividends paid on ordinary shares                                                      13             (566)           (308)
Decrease in trade and other receivables                                                        81               15    Net cash used in financing activities - continuing operations                                        (1,424)         (1,117)
Increase in trade and other payables                                                          138              247
Decrease in amounts due to Financial Services customers and
 other deposits                                                                            (1,968)             —      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents
 Decrease in provisions                                                                        (71)            (7)    Continuing operations                                                                                 (437)          (1,102)
                                                                                                                      Discontinued operations                                                               11.4            (718)          1,345
Cash generated from operating activities - continuing operations                            2,187           1,214
                                                                                                                      Total (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                               (1,155)           243
Interest paid                                                                                (348)           (359)
                                                                                                                      Opening cash and cash equivalents                                                                     2,221          1,978
Corporation tax paid                                                                           (65)           (53)
                                                                                                                      Closing cash and cash equivalents                                                      30            1,066           2,221
Net cash generated from operating activities - continuing operations                        1,774             802

                                                                                                                      Disclosed in the balance sheet:
                                                                                                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            1,067           2,222
                                                                                                                      Overdraft                                                                                                (1)             (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1,066           2,221

                                                                                                                      *   Refer to note 2 for details of prior year restatements.

                                                                                                                      The notes on pages 140 to 197 form an integral part of these financial statements.
140    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                          Strategic Report     Governance Report        Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements

1 General information                                                             income taxes payable, and to present other taxation and social security payables within trade and other payables.
J Sainsbury plc is a public limited company (the Company) incorporated          • Lease liabilities have been re-presented to correct the classification between certain current and non-current liabilities.
in the United Kingdom, whose shares are publicly traded on the London           • The net retirement benefit surplus has been re-presented to separately disclose the present value of unfunded obligations as retirement benefit
Stock Exchange. The Company is domiciled in the United Kingdom and                deficit, as the Group does not have the right to offset these amounts.
its registered address is 33 Charterhouse Street, London EC1M 6HA,              • Cash and cash equivalents have been re-presented to reclassify other investment securities, whereby the maturity date of the underlying
United Kingdom.                                                                   instrument exceeded 3 months at recognition but was less than 3 months at the prevailing balance sheet date, to other financial assets within
                                                                                  current assets.
The Group’s consolidated financial statements (the financial statements) are
presented in Pounds Sterling, which is the functional currency of the Parent.   c) Discontinued operations and reclassification to non-underlying
Unless otherwise stated, amounts are rounded to the nearest million.            Discontinued operations were previously included in underlying measures whilst the associated trading activities remained ongoing. Following
                                                                                completion of the NatWest, NewDay and NoteMachine disposals, these activities are substantially ceased, and have therefore been reclassified to
Within these financial statements, ‘2026’ refers to the 52 weeks to
                                                                                non-underlying so as to only reflect ongoing trading performance within underlying results.
28 February 2026, or as at 28 February 2026; and ‘2025’ refers to the
52 weeks to 1 March 2025, or as at 1 March 2025.                                In July 2025, the Group agreed to sell the Travel Money business to Fexco Group, with the sale completing in January 2026. The Travel Money business
                                                                                is presented as a discontinued operation in both the current and comparative periods.
The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together,
the Group) are Food, General Merchandise and Clothing and                       Prior period comparatives
Financial Services.                                                             The prior period comparatives have been restated in accordance with IAS 8: ‘Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Policies and Errors’ and have
                                                                                impacted the primary financial statements as follows:
2 Basis of preparation and consolidation
2.1 Basis of preparation and presentation                                       Income statement
                                                                                                                         Underlying items                                  Non-underlying items                                   Total
The Group’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
UK-adopted international accounting standards and with the                                                         As   Deferred Discounted                           As   Deferred Discounted                         As   Deferred Discounted
                                                                                                           previously        tax operations              As   previously        tax operations          As     previously        tax operations            As
requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as applicable to companies                                            reported         (a)        (c)       restated     reported         (a)        (c)   restated       reported         (a)        (c)     restated
reporting under those standards.                                                52 weeks to 1 March 2025          £m         £m         £m              £m           £m         £m         £m          £m             £m         £m         £m            £m
                                                                                Continuing operations
They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
certain financial instruments, defined benefit pension scheme assets and        Revenue                       32,812         —          (40) 32,772                  —           —           —          —        32,812          —            (40) 32,772
share-based payments, as explained in the accounting policies below.            Cost of sales                (30,513)        —            2 (30,511)                (78)         —           —         (78)     (30,591)         —              2 (30,589)

Unless otherwise stated, material accounting policies have been applied         Gross profit/(loss)            2,299         —          (38)         2,261          (78)         —           —         (78)        2,221         —            (38)     2,183
consistently to all periods presented in the financial statements.              Administrative expenses       (1,325)        —           23         (1,302)        (100)         —            1        (99)       (1,425)        —             24     (1,401)
                                                                                Other income                      55         —           —              55           53          —           —          53           108         —             —         108
Prior period restatements                                                       Operating profit/(loss)        1,029         —          (15)         1,014         (125)         —            1       (124)          904         —            (14)       890
a) Deferred tax                                                                 Finance income                    31         —           —              31           36          —           —          36            67         —            —           67
The tax charge in the comparative period income statement and the
                                                                                Finance expense                 (336)        —           —            (336)         (14)         —           —         (14)         (350)        —            —         (350)
comparative period balance sheets has been restated to incorporate the
deferred tax impact arising from a misclassification of assets between          Profit/(loss) before tax
those impacting deferred tax and those which do not, and an omission            - continuing
of the tax effects of prior year impairments and disposals. Prior year          operations                      724          —          (15)          709          (103)         —            1       (102)          621         —            (14)      607
adjustments from the finalisation of each year’s tax compliance process         Income tax (expense)/
that are related to fixed assets have been included within the restated         credit                          (216)         7              4        (205)          15           4          —          19          (201)        11             4       (186)
figures. Therefore, the restatement also includes current tax impacts.          Profit/(loss) after tax
                                                                                - continuing
b) Balance sheet line items
                                                                                operations                      508           7             (11)      504           (88)          4           1        (83)         420          11           (10)       421
Comparative period amounts of the following line items within the Group
balance sheet have been re‑presented, with no impact on net assets:             Loss after tax -
                                                                                discontinued operations           31         —          (31)            —          (209)         —           41       (168)         (178)        —             10       (168)
• Taxes payable, which was previously presented on a net basis, has
                                                                                Profit/(loss) for the
  been re-presented to separately disclose income taxes receivable and
                                                                                financial period                539           7         (42)          504         (297)           4          42       (251)          242         11            —         253
141    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                      Strategic Report      Governance Report        Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

2 Basis of preparation and consolidation continued                                                                                                                     As   Deferred                         Taxes        Lease
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Net
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    retirement
2.1 Basis of preparation and presentation continued                                                                                                            previously
                                                                                                                                                                 reported
                                                                                                                                                                                 tax
                                                                                                                                                                                  (a)
                                                                                                                                                                                              Cash
                                                                                                                                                                                                (b)
                                                                                                                                                                                                           payable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                (b)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (b)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        benefit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (b)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        As
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  restated
Prior period restatements continued                                                                                            At 2 March 2024                        £m         £m            £m              £m            £m            £m          £m

Balance sheets                                                                                                                 Non-current assets
                                              FY24                                                           Net               Retirement benefit surplus           690          —              —               —            —              24        714
                                     As    opening     Deferred                Taxes        Lease     retirement
                             previously    reserves         tax      Cash    payable    liabilities       benefit         As                                     17,480          —              —               —            —              24    17,504
                               reported      adj (a)         (a)       (b)        (b)           (b)           (b)   restated
At 1 March 2025                     £m          £m          £m        £m         £m            £m            £m          £m    Current assets
Non-current assets                                                                                                             Other financial assets                 17         —               9              —            —             —           26
Retirement benefit                                                                                                             Income tax receivable                  —          30             —               45           —             —           75
surplus                            731          —           —         —           —            —              23       754     Cash and cash equivalents           1,987         —              (9)             —            —             —        1,978
                               16,199           —           —         —           —            —              23    16,222                                         7,571          30            —               45           —             —       7,646
Current assets                                                                                                                 Total assets                      25,061           30            —               45           —              24    25,160
Other financial assets             612          —           —        555          —            —             —        1,167    Current liabilities
Income tax receivable               —           30          (18)      —           74           —             —           86    Trade and other payables           (5,091)        —              —             (170)          —             —       (5,261)
Cash and cash                                                                                                                  Lease liabilities                    (515)        —              —               —            —             —         (515)
equivalents                     2,777           —           —        (555)        —            —             —        2,222    Income taxes payable                 (125)        —              —              125           —             —           —
                                 5,922          30          (18)      —           74           —             —       6,008                                       (11,452)        —              —              (45)          —             —      (11,497)
Total assets                   24,648           30          (18)      —           74           —              23    24,757     Net current liabilities            (3,871)         30            —               —            —             —       (3,841)
Current liabilities                                                                                                            Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables        (5,278)         —           —         —         (211)          —             —      (5,489)    Lease liabilities                 (4,839)         —              —               —            —              —     (4,839)
Lease liabilities                 (590)         —           —         —           —           107            —        (483)    Retirement benefit deficit            —           —              —               —            —             (24)      (24)
Income taxes payable               (141)        —           —         —          137           —             —          (4)    Deferred income tax liability       (329)         73             —               —            —              —       (256)
                                (8,281)         —           —         —          (74)         107            —       (8,248)                                      (6,741)         73            —               —            —             (24)    (6,692)
Net current liabilities        (2,968)          30          (18)      —           —           107            —      (2,849)    Total liabilities                 (18,193)         73            —              (45)          —             (24)   (18,189)
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                        Net assets                         6,868         103             —               —            —             —        6,971
Lease liabilities              (4,904)          —           —         —           —          (107)            —      (5,011)
Retirement benefit deficit         —            —           —         —           —            —             (23)       (23)
                                                                                                                               Equity
Deferred income tax
                                                                                                                               Retained earnings                   3,237        103             —               —            —             —       3,340
liability                         (429)         73           29       —           —            —             —         (327)
                                                                                                                               Total equity shareholders’
                               (6,580)          73           29       —           —          (107)           (23)   (6,608)
                                                                                                                               funds                              6,868         103             —               —            —             —        6,971
Total liabilities              (17,997)         73           29       —          (74)          —             (23) (17,992)
Net assets                       6,651         103           11       —           —            —             —       6,765


Equity
Retained earnings                4,415         103           11       —           —            —             —       4,529
Total equity
shareholders’ funds              6,651         103           11       —           —            —             —       6,765
142     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

2 Basis of preparation and consolidation continued                                                                      that may influence future reporting. Further narrative disclosure has been provided in the following notes:
2.1 Basis of preparation and presentation continued                                                                                                                                                                                   Note
Prior period restatements continued                                                                                     Going concern                                                                                                  2.2
Cash flow statement                                                                                                     Property, plant and equipment                                                                                  3.5
                                                                              As   Discontinued                         Significant judgements and estimates                                                                             4
                                                                      previously      operations    Cash           As
                                                                        reported              (c)     (b)    restated   Impairment of non-financial assets                                                                            17.2
for the 52 weeks to 1 March 2025                                             £m              £m      £m           £m
                                                                                                                        Provisions                                                                                                    24.1
Operating profit                                                           904             (14)       —         890
                                                                                                                        Retirement benefit obligations                                                                                33.5
Share-based payments expense                                                75              (2)       —          73
Operating cash flows before changes in working capital                                                                  The policy, technology and market changes in response to climate change are still developing, and these are
- continuing operations                                                   2,124            (16)       —        2,108    interdependent upon each other, and consequently the financial statements cannot capture all possible future
Changes in working capital                                                                                              outcomes as these are not yet known. The degree of certainty of these changes may also mean that they
  Decrease/(increase) in other financial assets                            (603)           —        (546)     (1,149)   cannot be taken into account when determining asset and liability valuations and the timing of future cash
                                                                                                                        flows under the requirements of UK-adopted international accounting standards.
Cash generated from operating activities
- continuing operations                                                   1,776            (16)     (546)      1,214    2.2 Going concern
Net cash generated from operating activities                                                                            The Directors are satisfied that the Group has sufficient resources to continue in operation for a period of at
- continuing operations                                                  1,364             (16)     (546)       802     least 12 months from the date of approval. Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going concern basis in
                                                                                                                        preparing the financial statements. The assessment period for the purposes of considering going concern is
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                        the 16 months to 10 September 2027.
Continuing operations                                                      (540)           (16)     (546)     (1,102)
Discontinued operations                                                   1,329             16        —       1,345     In assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, the Directors have considered the Group’s most
                                                                                                                        recent corporate planning processes. This includes an annual review that considers profitability, the Group’s
Total (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                      789            —        (546)        243
                                                                                                                        cash flows, committed funding and liquidity positions, financial covenant, and forecasted future funding
Opening cash and cash equivalents                                         1,987            —           (9)     1,978    requirements typically over three years, with a further year of indicative movements.
Closing cash and cash equivalents                                        2,776             —        (555)      2,221
                                                                                                                        The Group’s most recent corporate planning processes includes assumed cashflows to address climate change
                                                                                                                        risks, including costs associated with initiatives in place as part of the Plan for Better commitment which
Climate change considerations                                                                                           include reducing environmental impacts and meeting customer expectations in this area, notably through
In preparing the Group’s financial statements, consideration has been given to the impact of both physical and          reducing packaging and reducing energy usage across the estate. Climate-related risks do not result in any
transition climate change risks, as described within the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures            material uncertainties affecting the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
section on page 104, and how these impact the financial statements. The Group has implemented processes to
                                                                                                                        The Group manages its financing by diversifying funding sources, for example through the investment grade
identify, assess and manage these risks, including scenario analysis and stress testing, to understand the
                                                                                                                        corporate bond markets, and structuring core borrowings with phased maturities to manage refinancing risk,
potential financial impact on the Group’s operations and assets. Consideration has also been given to the
                                                                                                                        evidenced by the issuance in January 2025 of £550 million of investment grade corporate bonds, split into two
potential impact of policy, technology and market changes that are being developed in response to climate
                                                                                                                        tranches, a £250 million tranche maturing in June 2030 and a £300 million tranche maturing in January 2035
change, and their interdependence on each other. While it is not believed that these climate change risks have
                                                                                                                        which remain in issuance. In addition, the Group has in place an inflation-linked amortising loan with a
a material impact on the financial statements, it is recognised that the uncertainty and complexity of these
                                                                                                                        principal of £378 million outstanding at the reporting date, with a maturity date of April 2031. Refer to note 32.1
issues may make it challenging to fully capture their potential impact. The ongoing assessment of these risks
                                                                                                                        for details of the amortisation profile.
will be included in future financial statements as they become clearer, taking into account the requirements of
UK-adopted international accounting standards. The Group will continue to monitor developments in
accounting standards, sustainability reporting requirements and broader regulatory or government policy changes
143    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

2 Basis of preparation and consolidation continued                                                                   Sainsbury’s Thistle Scottish Limited Partnership and Nectar 360 Services LLP are partnerships that are fully
                                                                                                                     consolidated into these Group financial statements. The Group has taken advantage of the exemption
2.2 Going concern continued
                                                                                                                     conferred by Regulation 7 of the Partnerships (Accounts) Regulations 2008 and has therefore not appended the
The Group also seeks to minimise liquidity risk and maintain sufficient levels of standby liquidity and a            accounts of these qualifying partnerships to these financial statements.
suitable level of undrawn additional funding capacity via the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit
Facility of £1,000 million comprises two £500 million tranches. Tranche A has a final maturity of December           b) Joint ventures and associates
2029, and Tranche B has a final maturity of December 2028. As at 28 February 2026, the Revolving Credit Facility     Investments in joint arrangements are classified as joint ventures whereby the joint controlling parties have
was undrawn. No additional forms of financing are assumed in the assessment of the Group as a going                  rights to the net assets of the arrangement. Associates are entities over which the Group has significant
concern. Refer to note 27.4 for details of the Group’s financial covenant.                                           influence but not control.
In assessing going concern, severe but plausible scenarios in relation to the Group’s principal risks in line with   Investments in joint ventures and associates are carried in the Group balance sheet at historical cost plus
those disclosed in the viability statement on page 48 have been considered by overlaying them into the               post-acquisition changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the entity, less any provision for impairment.
corporate plan and assessing the impact on cash flows, net debt, financial covenant and funding headroom.            Where the Group transacts with a joint venture or associate, profits and losses are eliminated to the extent of
These severe but plausible scenarios included modelling inflationary pressures on both food margins and              the Group’s interest in the joint venture or associate.
general recession-related risks, including those which may arise from conflict in the Middle East, the impact of
a cyber-attack on operations, payment of a regulatory fine and the failure to deliver planned cost savings. In       c) Business combinations
addition, a reverse stress test was performed to assess the additional level of sales decline required before the    Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method where any excess of the purchase
Group fully utilises its available funding and mitigations or breaches its financial covenants. The required         consideration over the fair value of the assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired and the resulting
reduction was considered extreme and implausible.                                                                    deferred tax thereon is recognised as goodwill, which is then reviewed annually for impairment. Acquisition-
In performing the above analysis, the Directors have made certain assumptions around the availability and            related costs are expensed.
effectiveness of the mitigating actions available to the Group. These include reducing any non-essential capital     Where relevant, and in particular in property-related acquisitions, the optional ‘concentration test’ and
expenditure and operating expenditure, bonus and pay awards, and pausing dividend payments.                          ‘substantive process test’ set out within IFRS 3 ‘Business Combinations’ are considered to assess whether
Previously, additional consideration was given to the credit, liquidity and capital adequacy of the Bank given       assets and liabilities acquired in a transaction constitute a business as opposed to an asset acquisition.
the phased withdrawal from Financial Services and transition to a distributed model. Following the completed
                                                                                                                     d) Asset acquisitions
sales with NatWest, NewDay, NoteMachine, Allianz and Fexco in the current and previous period, the current
capital position and the progress made on transition, the Directors no longer deem this a material                   Where the value of assets in a target, such as investment property, represent substantially all of the fair value
consideration in making an assessment over the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.                       of the gross assets acquired, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition.

As a consequence of the work performed, the Directors considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern           e) Foreign currencies
basis in preparing the financial statements with no material uncertainties to disclose.                              Foreign operations
2.3 Basis of consolidation                                                                                           The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into Pounds Sterling using the exchange rates
The financial statements for the 52 weeks to 28 February 2026 comprise the financial statements of the               prevailing at the balance sheet date. The results of foreign operations are translated using the average rates of
Company and its subsidiaries (the Group) and the Group’s share of the post-tax results of its joint ventures and     exchange for the year. Exchange differences are recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income/
associates.                                                                                                          (loss) and included within the Group’s translation reserve.

a) Subsidiaries                                                                                                      Foreign currency transactions
                                                                                                                     Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the
Subsidiaries are all entities, including structured entities (see below) over which the Group has control. This is
                                                                                                                     transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are
when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the
                                                                                                                     translated at the exchange rate ruling at that date. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are
ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The results of subsidiaries are included in the
                                                                                                                     recognised in the income statement.
income statement from the date of acquisition or, in the case of disposals, up to the effective date of disposal.
Intercompany transactions and balances between Group companies are eliminated upon consolidation.                    2.4 New standards, interpretations and amendments adopted by the Group
Sainsbury’s Bank plc and its subsidiaries have been consolidated for the 12 months to 28 February 2026, being        a) New accounting standards adopted by the Group
the Bank’s year-end date (2025: 28 February 2025). Adjustments are made for the effects of significant               There were no new accounting standards, interpretations and amendments to standards and IFRIC
transactions or events that occur between this time period and the Group’s financial year comprising the 52          interpretations that became applicable during the year which had a material impact on the Group’s results or
weeks to 28 February 2026.                                                                                           net assets.
144    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

2 Basis of preparation and consolidation continued                                                                   Changes to APMs
2.4 New standards, interpretations and amendments adopted by the Group continued                                     The definition of the Group’s Retail like-for-like sales APM has been updated during the period to exclude VAT.
                                                                                                                     In prior periods, this measure was presented inclusive of VAT. The revised approach is considered to provide
a) New accounting standards adopted by the Group continued
                                                                                                                     more relevant information by aligning more closely with amounts presented under IFRS. Accordingly, the
Accordingly, no changes were required to be made to the Group accounting policies, and the policies have
                                                                                                                     comparative Retail like-for-like sales APM reconciliation has been re-presented to reflect this change.
remained unchanged from those disclosed in the Annual Report for the financial year ended 1 March 2025.

b) New accounting standards in issue but not yet effective                                                           3 Material accounting policies
The Group has not applied any standards, interpretations or amendments that have been issued but are not             3.1 Revenue
yet effective. With the exception of IFRS 18 ‘Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements’, the new          Revenue arises from the sale of goods and services in the course of the Group’s ordinary activities, net of
requirements are not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s accounting policies, results or net assets.   returns and related discounts and excluding Value Added Tax (VAT) and, in the case of Financial Services,
                                                                                                                     interest receivable, fees and commissions. Revenue is recognised when the Group has a contract with a
IFRS 18 ‘Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements’ will become effective in the financial statements
                                                                                                                     customer and a performance obligation has been satisfied, at the transaction price allocated to that
for the financial year ending 26 February 2028. IFRS 18 sets out overall requirements for the presentation and
                                                                                                                     performance obligation.
disclosure in financial statements, and all income and expenses will be classified into one of five categories on
the income statement: operating, investing, financing, taxation and discontinued operations. The standard will       a) Retail sales
also introduce ‘management defined performance measures’, a subset of the Group’s alternative performance            Sale of goods
measures, which will be disclosed in the audited financial statements.                                               Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at point of sale or, where later, upon collection by, or delivery to,
The Group has commenced its assessment of IFRS 18, which will include determining the impacts on the Group           the customer as this is the point at which control has passed. Where consideration has been received in advance
including system changes, transition plans and quantifying the impacts of the new standard on the                    of the performance obligation being satisfied, a contract liability is recognised within trade and other payables.
comparative financial statements. The Group’s profit before tax will not change.
                                                                                                                     Other revenue items
2.5 Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)                                                                          Other revenue items comprise income from commissions.
In the reporting of financial information, the Directors use certain Alternative Performance Measures (APMs).
                                                                                                                     Commission revenue relates to the sale of third-party products and services where it has been determined that
These APMs should be considered in addition to, and are not intended to be a substitute for, IFRS measurements.
                                                                                                                     the Group is acting as an agent. Sales commission from third parties is recognised when the related goods or
As they are not defined by IFRS they may not be directly comparable with other companies’ APMs.
                                                                                                                     services are sold.
The Directors believe that these APMs provide additional useful information for understanding the financial
performance and health of the Group. They are also used to enhance the comparability of information between          b) Nectar points
reporting periods (such as like-for-like sales and underlying performance measures) by adjusting for                 The issuance of Nectar points creates a separate performance obligation and therefore a portion of the
non-recurring factors which affect IFRS measures, and to aid users in understanding the Group’s performance.         transaction price is allocated to the loyalty programme using the relative standalone selling price of points
Consequently, APMs are used by the Directors and management for performance analysis, planning, reporting            issued, and the corresponding revenue deferred. The fair value of the points awarded is determined with
and incentive setting purposes.                                                                                      reference to the value per point to a customer and considers expected redemption rates (breakage) and the
                                                                                                                     money off that each point entitles a customer to. The deferral is treated as a deduction from revenue and
Non-underlying items                                                                                                 recognised as a contract liability within deferred income. The revenue deferred is subsequently recognised
Underlying profit measures are presented to supplement IFRS results which also reflects how performance is           when the Nectar points are redeemed by the customer.
measured internally. These measures exclude items classified as non-underlying in order to present
performance on a consistent basis between periods. Further information on non-underlying items is provided           c) Financial Services
in note 5.                                                                                                           Financial Services revenue consists of interest, fees and commission income from the provision of retail
                                                                                                                     banking and insurance-related activities.
Reconciliations to IFRS measures
The income statement shows the non-underlying items excluded from reported results to determine                      Interest income
underlying results, with a more detailed analysis of the non-underlying items set out in note 5. Other APMs are      Interest income is recognised in the income statement for all instruments measured at amortised cost using
detailed in notes A1, A2, A3 and A4 of this report, which include further information on the definition, purpose     the effective interest method.
and reconciliation to the closest IFRS measure.                                                                      The effective interest rate of a financial asset is calculated on initial recognition and is applied to the gross
                                                                                                                     carrying amount of the asset. For financial assets that have become credit impaired subsequent to initial
                                                                                                                     recognition, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the
                                                                                                                     financial asset net of impairment.
145    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

3 Material accounting policies continued                                                                               3.3 Finance income and costs
3.1 Revenue continued                                                                                                  Finance income and costs, excluding those arising from Financial Services, are recognised in the income
c) Financial Services continued                                                                                        statement for financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
If the asset is no longer credit impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis. In      For Financial Services, finance income and finance costs are recognised in revenue and cost of sales.
calculating the effective interest rate of a financial instrument the Group takes into account all amounts that
are integral to the yield of a financial instrument as well as incremental transaction costs.
                                                                                                                       3.4 Taxation
                                                                                                                       a) Current tax
Fees and commission income                                                                                             Current tax is accounted for on the basis of tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
Fees and commissions that are not integral to the effective interest rate calculation relate primarily to certain      date. Current tax is charged or credited to the income statement, except when it relates to items charged to
credit card and storecard fees, insurance introduction commission and warranty commission receivable.                  equity or other comprehensive income.
These are recognised in the income statement on an accruals basis as performance obligations are satisfied.
Where in the case of insurance commissions the income comprises an initial commission and profit share,                b) Deferred tax
both are recognised on completion of the service to the extent reliably measurable. Where there is a risk of           Deferred tax is accounted for on the basis of temporary differences arising from differences between the tax
potential clawback, an appropriate element of the commission receivable is deferred and amortised over the             base and accounting base of assets and liabilities.
clawback period.
                                                                                                                       Deferred tax is recognised for all temporary differences, except to the extent where it arises from the initial
Income from the sale of travel money, representing the difference between the cost price and the selling price,        recognition of an asset or a liability in a transaction that is not a business combination or a transaction that
is recognised when the sale to the customer takes place.                                                               gives rise to an equal and deductible temporary difference and, at the time of transaction, affects neither
3.2 Cost of sales                                                                                                      accounting profit nor taxable profit. It is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or
                                                                                                                       substantively enacted at the balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income
Cost of sales consists of all costs that are directly attributable to the point of sale including warehouse costs,
                                                                                                                       tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.
transportation costs and all the costs of operating retail outlets. In the case of Financial Services, cost of sales
includes interest expense on operating activities, calculated using the effective interest method.                     Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
                                                                                                                       against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
The Group regularly enters into arrangements to receive income from suppliers. This income can be in the form
of purchase discounts, sales volume incentives or amounts received to perform marketing or promotional                 Deferred tax is charged or credited to the income statement, except when it relates to items charged or
activities in store or online. These arrangements are collectively known as ‘supplier arrangements’ and are            credited directly to equity or other comprehensive income.
recognised as a reduction to cost of sales when the performance conditions within each agreement have been
                                                                                                                       Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and
met. The types of supplier income and recognition policies are as follows:
                                                                                                                       joint ventures except where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference
Volume based discounts / incentive                                                                                     and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Volume based discounts/ incentives are earned based on either sales or intake volumes over a defined period
                                                                                                                       c) Uncertain Tax Provisions
for defined products. Income is recognised as a deduction to cost of sales on sale of the inventory to which it
                                                                                                                       Tax provisions are recognised for uncertain tax positions where a risk of a potential additional tax liability has
relates. Where discounts are received based on intake volumes and there remains inventory unsold at the
                                                                                                                       been identified and it is considered likely that the Group will be required to settle that tax. The Group measures
reporting period, the relevant discount is deducted from the carrying value of that inventory.
                                                                                                                       its tax balances based on either the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method
Marketing and promotional income                                                                                       provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.
Marketing and promotional income primarily relates to in-store or on-line activity, including promotional or
marketing materials, support for promotional pricing or product placement. Income is recognised over the
period to which the agreement relates and in accordance with the performance conditions therein. As these
agreements do not identify specific inventory purchases, this approach is deemed the best estimate to reflect
the appropriate reduction in cost of sales.
Unpaid amounts relating to supplier arrangements are recognised within trade and other receivables, unless
there is a legal right of offset, in which case it is recognised within trade and other payables. Amounts that
have been invoiced at the balance sheet date are categorised as supplier arrangements due and those not yet
invoiced are categorised as accrued supplier arrangements.
146    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                             Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

3 Material accounting policies continued                                                                               Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                       Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease, when the underlying asset is
3.5 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                      available for use. The cost of right-of-use assets comprises the amount of lease liabilities recognised, any
a) Land and buildings                                                                                                  initial direct costs incurred, lease payments made at or before the commencement date and any restoration
Land and buildings are held at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and, where appropriate, any               costs, less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are subsequently measured at cost, less any
provision for impairment as determined in accordance with note 3.8. Cost includes the original purchase price          accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any subsequent modifications, that
of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for intended use.               include terminations and reassessments, which all represent a remeasurement of lease liabilities.
b) Fixtures and equipment                                                                                              The recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated
Fixtures, equipment and vehicles are held at cost less accumulated depreciation and, where appropriate, any            useful life and the lease term.
provision for impairment as determined in accordance with note 3.8. Cost includes the original purchase price
                                                                                                                       Lease liabilities
of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition and its intended use.
                                                                                                                       Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease and are measured at the present value
c) Work in progress                                                                                                    of lease payments to be made over the lease term, discounted using the incremental borrowing rate (IBR) at
Capital work in progress is held at cost less any provision for impairment.                                            the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

d) Depreciation                                                                                                        The lease payments include fixed payments and variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate
Depreciation is calculated to write down the cost of the assets to their residual values, on a straight-line basis     (using the relevant rate at the commencement date of the lease), less any lease incentives receivable. The
over their useful economic life, using the following rates:                                                            variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in
                                                                                                                       which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs. For agreements that contain both lease and
• Freehold buildings and leasehold improvements                      fifty years, or the lease term if shorter         non-lease components, such as cleaning and maintenance services, the non-lease component is excluded from
• Fixtures, equipment and vehicles                                   three to fifteen years                            the lease payments used to measure the lease liabilities.
• Freehold land                                                      not depreciated
                                                                                                                       The IBRs depend on the start date and term of the lease, and are determined based on a reference (risk-free)
Capital work in progress (which excludes land) is not depreciated prior to being available for its intended            rate and adjustments to reflect the Group’s credit risk.
commercial use.
                                                                                                                       The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods
e) Disposals and retirement                                                                                            covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an
The gain or loss on disposal or retirement of an asset is determined by comparing proceeds less any associated         option to terminate the lease (a break clause), if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised.
costs of disposal with the asset’s carrying amount and is recognised within operating profit.
                                                                                                                       After the commencement date of the lease, the lease liability is subsequently measured at amortised cost using
f) Climate change impacts                                                                                              the effective interest rate method. The carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured when there is a change
                                                                                                                       in the future lease payments due to a change in the lease term such as a recognition of an extension or break
Residual values and useful lives of assets are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                                                                                                                       option, a change in the fixed lease payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the underlying asset.
reporting period. This includes consideration over climate change-related risks that may impact the useful
lives or residual values of the Group’s assets, such as the impact of flood risks on store and non-store assets,       Short-term leases and leases of low value assets
changes in regulations related to carbon emissions and any anticipated replacement of existing assets with             The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to those leases that have a lease term of 12
new technologies.                                                                                                      months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the low
                                                                                                                       value asset recognition exemption to groups of underlying leases where the underlying assets leased are
g) Capitalisation of interest
                                                                                                                       considered uniformly low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low value assets are
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of qualifying assets are             expensed to the income statement.
capitalised to the cost of the asset, gross of tax relief.
                                                                                                                       b) Group as a lessor
3.6 Leases
                                                                                                                       The Group leases out owned properties and sublets leased properties under operating and finance leases. Such
a) Group as lessee
                                                                                                                       properties include mall units, stores and units within stores.
The Group’s lease portfolio is principally comprised of property leases of land and buildings in relation to stores,
distribution centres and support offices, but also includes other assets such as motor vehicles. The leases have
varying terms and often include break clauses or options to renew beyond the non-cancellable periods.
The Group presents additions to lease liabilities and right-of-use assets in line with the disclosure requirements
of IFRS 16 ‘Leases’. In doing so, additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in note 15 include the net
impact of new leases, terminations, modifications and reassessments.
147    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

3 Material accounting policies continued                                                                             Configuration and customisation costs are capitalised in the following instances as intangible assets:
3.6 Leases continued                                                                                                 • The Group has both a contractual right to take possession of the software at any time without significant
b) Group as a lessor continued                                                                                         penalty, and the ability to run the software independently of the host vendor
Subleases                                                                                                            • The costs incurred meet the definition of, and recognition criteria for, an intangible asset. This includes, for
Classification as a finance or operating lease is assessed with reference to the head lease right-of-use asset.        example, the development of software code that enhances or modifies, or creates additional capability for,
This assessment considers, among other factors, whether the sublease represents the majority of the                    existing systems controlled by Sainsbury’s
remaining life of the head lease. The ratio of rental income to head lease rental payments is used to determine      Where these conditions are not met, costs incurred to configure or customise, and the ongoing fees to obtain
how much of the right-of-use asset should be derecognised, or analysis of the square foot leased in the              access to the cloud provider’s application software, are recognised as operating expenses when the services
headlease and sublease where appropriate. This assessment takes into consideration whether the sublease/             are received.
headlease are above or below market rate.
                                                                                                                     Where the configuration or customisation of a SaaS solution is performed by the SaaS vendor, consideration is
Finance leases                                                                                                       given to whether this activity is distinct from the provision of the solution itself. This assessment considers the
Amounts due under finance leases are recorded as a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in            nature of the activities, and whether benefit can be obtained from any of the services in isolation. Where the
the lease. This is initially calculated and recognised using the IBR prevalent in the underlying headlease at the    activity is not considered distinct, the costs are capitalised as a prepayment and amortised over the expected
recognition date. Any difference between the derecognised right-of-use asset and the newly recognised                useful life of the solution.
amounts due for leases under finance leases is immediately recognised in the income statement. The Group
recognises finance income over the lease term, reflecting a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net      d) Acquired intangible assets
investment in the lease.                                                                                             Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
                                                                                                                     Intangible assets with finite useful economic lives are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any
Operating leases                                                                                                     provision for impairment. Amortisation of acquired intangible assets is recorded within administrative expenses.
Operating lease income is recognised as earned on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
                                                                                                                     e) Amortisation
3.7 Intangible assets                                                                                                Amortisation is calculated to write down the cost of the assets to their residual values, on a straight-line basis
a) Goodwill                                                                                                          over their useful economic life, using the following rates:
Goodwill represents the excess of the fair value of the consideration of an acquisition over the fair value of the   • Computer software                                                                  five to ten years
Group’s share of the net identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. At the
                                                                                                                     • Configuration and customisation costs capitalised as part of
acquisition date goodwill is allocated to the cash- generating unit (CGU) or group of CGUs within the Retail or
                                                                                                                       SaaS arrangements                                                                  life of the SaaS arrangement
Financial Services segments that are expected to benefit from the combination. Goodwill is not amortised, but
                                                                                                                     • Acquired intangible assets                                                         five to ten years
is tested at least annually for impairment as set out in note 3.8.
                                                                                                                     • Goodwill                                                                           not amortised
b) Computer software                                                                                                 Capital work in progress is not amortised prior to being available for its intended commercial use.
Software and licences which are capitalised include costs incurred to acquire the assets as well as any external
and internal costs incurred in the development of software. External and internal costs are external direct          3.8 Impairment
costs, as well as directly attributable internal payroll-related costs for employees who are associated with         a) Non-financial assets
projects in order to bring the assets into use. Costs associated with internally generated software are              Property, plant and equipment (PPE), right-of-use assets, and intangible assets are assessed on an ongoing
recognised as an intangible asset only if they can be separately identified, it is probable that the asset will      basis to determine whether there is an indication that the net book value is no longer supportable. If any such
generate future economic benefits which exceed one year, and the cost can be measured reliably. Software             indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset, being the higher of its fair value less costs to dispose
under development is not amortised, but held at cost less any impairment loss.                                       and its value-in-use (VIU), is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss. Where it is not
Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the            possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable
specific asset to which it relates. Costs associated with maintaining computer software are recognised as an         amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.
expense as incurred.                                                                                                 If the recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
                                                                                                                     amount of the asset or CGU is impaired to its recoverable amount.
c) Cloud computing arrangements
Software as a Service (SaaS) arrangements are service contracts providing the Group with the right to access a       Where there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount and an impairment
cloud provider’s application software over the contract period. Typically, such arrangements involve ongoing         loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or CGU (except for goodwill) is increased to the
licence fees to obtain access to the cloud provider’s application software, as well as upfront costs incurred to     revised estimate of its recoverable amount, although not to exceed the carrying amount that would have been
configure or customise the SaaS solution.                                                                            determined had no impairment loss been recognised. Any impairment loss or reversal of impairment is
                                                                                                                     recognised in the income statement.
148    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                           Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

3 Material accounting policies continued                                                                            Further information on discontinued operations is provided in note 3.20 and note 11.
3.8 Impairment continued                                                                                            Where an asset or disposal group no longer meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale, it is measured at
                                                                                                                    the lower of its carrying amount before classification (adjusted for depreciation that would have been
Goodwill is assessed annually by measuring the recoverable amount of the associated CGU, or group of CGUs
calculated as the higher of fair value less cost to dispose and VIU. Where the carrying value of the CGU or group   recognised) and its recoverable amount at the date of reclassification.
of CGUs exceeds the recoverable amount, an impairment loss is recognised in the income statement. The               3.12 Trade and other payables
impairment charge is allocated first against goodwill and then pro rata against other assets within the CGU by
reference to the carrying amount of each remaining asset in the CGU or group of CGUs. Impairment losses             Trade payables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost. Amounts
recognised for goodwill are not subsequently reversed.                                                              are presented net of supplier arrangements due where there is a contractual right of offset.

b) Financial assets                                                                                                 3.13 Provisions
Impairments on financial assets measured at amortised cost are accounted for using a three-stage forward-           Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past
looking expected credit loss (ECL) approach. The Group is required to record an allowance for ECL for all loans     event, it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation and the
and other debt financial assets not held at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), together with loan            amount can be reliably estimated.
commitments and financial guarantee contracts.                                                                      Provisions are measured at management’s best estimate of the consideration required to settle the obligation
ECLs are based on the difference between the cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash        at the reporting date and are based on assumptions which are inherently uncertain and the ultimate financial
flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate.    impact may differ from the amount provided.
The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements       Provisions are discounted using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments where the time value
that are integral to the contractual terms.                                                                         of money is deemed material. An increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as an
3.9 Inventories                                                                                                     interest expense.
Inventories comprise goods held for resale and are valued on a standard cost or weighted average cost basis,        Provisions for onerous contracts are recognised when the Group considers that the unavoidable costs of
which both approximate to actual cost, and is carried at the lower of cost or net realisable value.                 meeting or novating a contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received under it. Where assets
                                                                                                                    are dedicated to the fulfilment of a contract that cannot be redirected to other parts of the Group, an
Cost includes all direct expenditure and other appropriate attributable costs incurred in bringing inventories to
                                                                                                                    impairment charge is recognised to reduce the carrying value of the assets to £nil before recognising a
their present location and condition. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less all
                                                                                                                    separate onerous contract.
estimated costs of completion and costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution. Provision is
made for obsolete, slow-moving or damaged items where appropriate.                                                  A restructuring provision is recognised when the Group has developed a detailed formal plan and has raised a
                                                                                                                    valid expectation in those affected that it will carry out the restructuring by starting to implement the plan or
3.10 Trade and other receivables                                                                                    announcing its main features to those affected by it. The measurement of a restructuring provision includes
Trade and other receivables are non-interest bearing and are on commercial terms. They are initially                only the direct expenditures arising from the restructuring.
recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost less allowances for expected credit
losses, using the simplified approach, with adjustments for factors specific to each receivable.                    a) Property provisions
3.11 Assets held for sale                                                                                           Where the Group no longer operates from a leased property, onerous property contract provisions are
                                                                                                                    recognised for the least net cost of exiting from the contract. The amounts provided are based on the
Assets or disposal groups are classified as held for sale when their carrying amount is expected to be recovered
                                                                                                                    Group’s best estimates of the likely committed outflows and site closure dates. These provisions do not include
principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use, and the sale is highly probable
                                                                                                                    rent in accordance with IFRS 16, but do include unavoidable costs related to the lease such as service charges
within one year from the date of classification and the assets are available for sale in their present condition.
                                                                                                                    and insurance.
Assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of the carrying amount and
                                                                                                                    Property provisions also include provisions for maintenance and restoration (referred to collectively as
fair value less costs to dispose. Assets outside the scope of IFRS 5 ‘Non-current Assets Held for Sale and
                                                                                                                    dilapidations), which are recognised where the Group has a present obligation to make good its leased
Discontinued Operations’, such as financial assets, continue to be measured in accordance with the relevant
                                                                                                                    properties, a reliable estimate of the expected cost for dilapidations can be made, and payment for
accounting standards.
                                                                                                                    dilapidations is probable. These provisions are recognised based on historically settled dilapidations which
A component of the Group that is held for sale or disposed of is classified as a discontinued operation if it       form the basis of the estimated future cash outflows. The expected timing of the future cash outflow is
represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operation, or forms part of a single           consistent with the outstanding length of the lease. Amounts provided are reviewed at each reporting date.
coordinated plan to dispose of such business area. The results of discontinued operations are presented
separately in the income statement and comparative periods are restated accordingly.
149     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

3 Material accounting policies continued                                                                            Financial instruments at amortised cost
                                                                                                                    Financial assets that are principally held for the collection of contractual cash flows and which pass the SPPI
3.13 Provisions continued
                                                                                                                    test are classified as amortised cost. For the Group this includes cash and receivables. The Group has no
a) Property provisions continued                                                                                    intention of trading these assets. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant
Any difference between amounts expected to be settled and the actual cash outflow is accounted for in the           financing component, the Group initially measures these financial assets at fair value plus transaction costs.
period when such determination is made.                                                                             Subsequently these assets are carried at amortised cost less impairment using the effective interest rate
                                                                                                                    method. Income from these financial assets is calculated on an effective interest rate basis and is recognised
Where the Group is able to exit lease contracts before the expiry date or agree sublets, this results in the
                                                                                                                    in the income statement.
release of any associated property provisions. Such events are subject to the agreement of landlords; therefore,
the Group makes no assumptions on the ability to either exit or sublet a property until a position is agreed.       Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Utilisation is expected to be in line with the profile of the leases to which the provisions relate.                Financial assets that are held for both the purpose of collecting contractual cash flows and to sell are classified
b) Insurance provisions                                                                                             as FVOCI. They are included in non-current assets unless management intends to dispose of the investment
                                                                                                                    within 12 months of the balance sheet date.
Provisions are based on assumptions regarding past claims experience and assessments by an independent
actuary to provide a best estimate of the most likely or expected outcome.                                          Interest on financial assets at FVOCI debt instruments is recognised using the effective interest method.
The eventual cost is dependent on response rates, uphold rates, complaint rates, redress costs and claim            Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss
handling costs.                                                                                                     Financial assets that do not meet the classification criteria to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI are
3.14 Financial instruments                                                                                          measured at FVPL. Interest on debt instruments is recognised using the effective interest method.
a) Financial assets                                                                                                 Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual cash flows from the asset have expired or have been
The Group classifies all of its financial assets as either amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive   transferred, usually by sale, and with them either substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset or
income (FVOCI) or fair value through profit or loss (FVPL).                                                         significant risks and rewards, along with the unconditional ability to sell or pledge the asset.

The Group’s non-derivative financial assets comprise:                                                               b) Financial liabilities
•   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       The Group’s derivative financial liabilities are classified as FVPL and all other financial liabilities are classified
•   Trade and other receivables, excluding prepayments, taxes receivable and employee related benefits              as amortised cost. Financial liabilities’ costs, including premiums payable on settlement or redemption and
                                                                                                                    direct issue costs, are accounted for on an accrual basis in the income statement using the effective interest
•   Financial assets at FVOCI
                                                                                                                    rate method and are added to the carrying amount of the instrument to the extent that they are not settled in
•   Financial assets at FVPL                                                                                        the period in which they arise.
To determine their classification and measurement category, all financial assets, except equity instruments
                                                                                                                    The Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities comprise:
and derivatives, are required to be assessed based on a combination of the entity’s business model for
managing the assets and the instruments’ contractual cash flow characteristics.                                     • Borrowings
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or FVOCI, it needs to give rise to   • Trade and other payables, excluding deferred income, other taxes and social security and employee related
cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal amount outstanding; this      benefits
is performed at an instrument level.                                                                                • Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                    • Other financial liabilities
The business model assessment reflects how the Group manages the risks relating to the underlying financial
assets, including whether the Group’s principal objective is to collect the contractual cash flows arising from     Interest-bearing bank loans, overdrafts, other deposits and amounts due to Sainsbury’s Bank customers are
the instruments (amortised cost), to sell the financial instruments (FVPL) or a combination thereof (FVOCI).        recorded initially at fair value, which is generally the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs. Subsequently,
                                                                                                                    these liabilities are held at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Transaction costs are
                                                                                                                    amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of the facility they relate to.
                                                                                                                    Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.
150    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                           Strategic Report     Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

3 Material accounting policies continued                                                                             To be classified as cash and cash equivalents, an asset must:
3.15 Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting                                                           • Be readily convertible into cash
The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange, interest rate and         • Have an insignificant risk of changes in value
commodity risks. All derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value on the contract date      • Have a maturity period of typically three months, or less at acquisition
and are subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting date. Where derivatives do not qualify for hedge
                                                                                                                     Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management are
accounting, changes in the fair value are recognised in profit and loss as they arise.
                                                                                                                     included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purposes of the cash flow statement.
At inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the economic relationship between hedging
instruments and hedged items, including whether changes in the cash flows of the hedging instruments are
                                                                                                                     3.17 Cash flow statement classifications
expected to offset changes in the cash flows of hedged items. The Group documents its risk management                The following cash receipts and payments are presented within the following sections of the cash flow statement:
objective and strategy for undertaking its hedge transactions.
                                                                                                                     a) Interest, dividends and taxes
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow       Included in operating cash flows
hedges is recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective      • Interest paid on borrowings as they are held for cash management purposes
portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, within other gains/(losses).
                                                                                                                     Included in cash flows from investing activities
Where derivatives qualify for hedge accounting, changes in fair value are recognised depending on the nature         • Interest received on bank deposits and other financial assets as well as dividends received as they represent
of the hedge relationship and the item being hedged as follows:                                                        returns on the Group’s investments

a) Cash flow hedges                                                                                                  b) Lease payments and receipts
Hedge relationships are classified as cash flow hedges where the derivative financial instruments hedge the          Included in operating cash flows
Group’s exposure to variability in cash flows resulting from a highly probable forecasted transaction. These         • Cash payments for the interest element of lease liabilities consistent with presentation of other interest
include the exchange rate risk of inventory purchases denominated in foreign currency, and interest rate risk          payments
and commodity risk on purchases of power and fuel. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial                 • Short-term lease payments, payments for leases of low value assets and variable lease payments that are
instruments that are designated and effective as hedges of future cash flows are recognised directly in other          not included in the measurement of the lease liabilities
comprehensive income and the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the income statement. The
                                                                                                                     • Cash receipts in relation to subleases (both operating and finance leases)
cash flow hedge reserve therefore only contains amounts where hedge accounting applies.
                                                                                                                     Included in cash flows from financing activities
If a cash flow hedge is hedging a firm commitment or forecast transaction that results in the recognition of a
                                                                                                                     • Cash payments for the principal element of the lease liabilities are presented within financing activities
non-financial asset or liability, then, at the time the asset or liability is recognised, the associated gains or
losses on the derivative that had previously been recognised in other comprehensive income are included in
                                                                                                                     3.18 Retirement benefit obligations
the initial measurement of the asset or liability. This applies to the Group’s foreign currency hedges in relation
                                                                                                                     a) Defined contribution pension schemes
to inventory purchases.
                                                                                                                     The Group contributions to defined contribution pension schemes are charged to the income statement as
b) Fair value hedges                                                                                                 incurred. Any contributions unpaid at the balance sheet date are included as an accrual as at that date. The
Changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument designated in a fair value hedge are recognised in the          Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.
income statement. The hedged item is adjusted for changes in fair value attributable to the hedged risk, with
                                                                                                                     b) Defined benefit pension scheme (Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme)
the corresponding entry recognised in the income statement.
                                                                                                                     The surplus or deficit recognised in the balance sheet for defined benefit schemes represents the difference
Derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are measured at fair value, with           between the fair value of the plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the balance
changes in fair value recognised in the income statement.                                                            sheet date. The defined benefit obligation is actuarially calculated on an annual basis using the projected unit
                                                                                                                     credit method.
3.16 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand and at bank, deposits at central banks, investments in               Actuarial gains and losses are reported in the statement of other comprehensive income as incurred, and
money market funds and deposits, credit and debit card receivables and other short-term highly liquid                comprise both the effects of changes in actuarial assumptions and experience adjustments arising because of
investments.                                                                                                         differences between the previous actuarial assumptions and what has actually occurred.
151    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

3 Material accounting policies continued                                                                              Judgements and estimates are evaluated regularly and are based on historical experience and other factors,
                                                                                                                      including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Any
3.18 Retirement benefit obligations continued                                                                         revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised.
b) Defined benefit pension scheme (Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme) continued                                              In assessing the Group’s judgements and sources of estimation uncertainty, consideration has been given to
The income statement charge consists of a financing charge, which is the net of interest cost on pension              the impact of climate change risk on these. Aside from impairment of non-financial assets (refer to note 17)
scheme liabilities and interest income on plan assets and defined benefit pension scheme expenses.                    and post-employment benefits (refer to note 33), climate change risks do not have any impact on the Group’s
The financing charge is determined by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit                  judgements or sources of estimation uncertainty.
obligation to the pension scheme liabilities and plan assets at the beginning of the financial year.                  The following estimates, which were disclosed as significant estimates in the prior year financial statements,
                                                                                                                      are no longer deemed to be a key source of estimation uncertainty:
3.19 Share-based payments
The Group provides benefits to employees (including Directors) of the Group in the form of equity-settled and         • Revenue recognition: the fair value of Nectar points was disclosed as a key source of estimation
cash-settled share-based payment transactions, whereby employees render services in exchange for shares,                uncertainty in the prior year financial statements. This estimate is no longer deemed to be a key source of
rights over shares or the value of those shares in cash terms.                                                          estimation uncertainty as analysis of historical accumulation and redemption patterns of Nectar points,
                                                                                                                        with fair value calculated with reference to lifetime actual breakage and lifetime issuance, has shown that
For equity-settled share-based payments, the fair value of the employee services rendered is determined by
                                                                                                                        any reasonable possible change in these inputs to the estimation within the next 12 months would not have
reference to the fair value of the shares awarded or options granted, excluding the impact of any non-market
                                                                                                                        a material impact on the deferred points liability
vesting conditions. All share options are valued using an option pricing model (Black-Scholes). This fair value is
                                                                                                                      • Lease liabilities: derivation of discount rates: Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of lease
charged to the income statement over the vesting period of the share-based payment scheme with a
                                                                                                                        payments to be made over the lease term, discounted using the incremental borrowing rate (IBR) at the
corresponding increase in equity.
                                                                                                                        lease commencement date (for additions) or at the lease modification date (for modifications). While the
For cash-settled share-based payments, the fair value of the employee services rendered is determined at each           IBRs are determined based on a number of inputs including a reference (risk-free) rate and adjustments to
balance sheet date and the charge recognised through the income statement over the vesting period of the                reflect the Group’s credit risk, these are ascertained on the measurement date and not changed unless a
share-based payment scheme, with a corresponding increase in accruals.                                                  lease modification occurs. As such, a reasonably possible change in the IBR would not result in a material
                                                                                                                        adjustment to the carrying amounts of lease liabilities within the next financial year, and therefore the
The value of the charge is adjusted in the income statement over the remainder of the vesting period to reflect
                                                                                                                        derivation of discount rates used to determine IBRs is no longer deemed to be a key source of estimation
expected and actual levels of options vesting, with the corresponding adjustments made in equity and accruals.
                                                                                                                        uncertainty
3.20 Discontinued operations                                                                                          4.1 Critical accounting judgements
A discontinued operation is a component of the Group which represents a separate major line of business               Non-underlying items
which has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale. Such classification assumes the expectation that
                                                                                                                      In order to provide shareholders with additional insight into the year-on-year performance of the business,
the sale will complete within 12 months of the assessment date.
                                                                                                                      underlying profit measures are provided to supplement the reported IFRS numbers and reflect how the
The results of discontinued operations are presented separately in the Group income statement for all periods         business measures performance internally. These adjusted measures exclude items recognised in reported
presented. Where a component is classified as discontinued in the current period, comparative periods are             profit, which, if included, could distort comparability between periods.
re-presented to reflect consistent presentation.
                                                                                                                      Determining which items are to be adjusted requires judgement, in which the Group considers items that are
Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as assets held for sale when their carrying amount is to       significant either by virtue of their size and/or nature, or that are non-recurring in that they do not relate to the
be recovered principally through such sale transactions. Assets and liabilities held for sale are measured at the     ongoing business. The same assessment is applied consistently to any reversals of prior non-underlying items.
lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to dispose.
                                                                                                                      An analysis of non-underlying items is set out in note 5.

4 Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty                                            Consolidation of structured entities
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions             A structured entity is one in which the Group does not hold the majority interest but where voting rights are not
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported   the dominant factor in determining control.
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates.
                                                                                                                      Sainsbury’s Thistle Scottish Limited Partnership (the Partnership) is a structured entity in which both the Group
Critical accounting judgements represent key decisions made by management in applying the Group’s                     and Pension Scheme Trustee hold an interest where the relevant activities are the funding of the pension
accounting policies. Key sources of estimation uncertainty arise where there is a significant risk that actual        scheme (the Scheme).
outcomes could differ from management assumptions and result in a material adjustment to the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities within the next 12 months.
152    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                           Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

4 Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation                                                      4.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty
uncertainty continued                                                                                               Impairment of non-financial assets
4.1 Critical accounting judgements continued                                                                        Goodwill and intangible assets not yet available for use are required to be tested annually for impairment.
                                                                                                                    Other assets are assessed on an ongoing basis to determine whether circumstances exist that could lead to the
Furthermore, a general partner wholly owned by the Group has exclusive responsibility for the management
                                                                                                                    conclusion that the net book value of such assets is no longer supportable. Impairment testing is carried out in
and control of the Partnership and sole authority to exercise the Partnership’s rights including the ability to
                                                                                                                    accordance with the methodology described in note 16 and note 17. Such calculations require estimation
make additional contributions. As the Group can direct the Partnership’s relevant activities and affect its
                                                                                                                    regarding the appropriate discount factors and, in the case of goodwill in particular, long-term growth
returns, it has been concluded that the Group controls the Partnership, despite not having a majority interest,
                                                                                                                    prevalent in a particular market as well as short and medium-term business plans. The Directors draw upon
and has therefore been consolidated. Further information is included in note 33.1.                                  experience as well as external resources in determining these estimates.
Aggregation of operating segments                                                                                   Post-employment benefits
The Group’s operating segments have been determined based on the information regularly provided to the              Assets
Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM). In the current period, it has been reassessed that the CODM is               The Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme (the Scheme) holds some private market assets as they are expected to
considered to be the Group PLC Board, which uses the information regularly provided to make optimal                 deliver a more favourable risk/return profile than public market equivalents. These assets are relatively illiquid
decisions on the allocation of resources and assess performance.                                                    (likely to be realised over approximately five years) but the Scheme holds sufficient liquid assets (cash, gilts
                                                                                                                    and other liquid securities) to be confident that it can meet its pension and collateral obligations over time.
Additionally in the current period, to ensure appropriate focus on both the Sainsbury’s and Argos businesses,
the operating results of these two businesses are now regularly reviewed by the CODM to make decisions about        The valuation of these assets is based on the audited accounts of the funds, where available, and net asset value
the resources to be allocated to each. There are clear separate responsibilities for the commercial proposition     statements from the investment managers where recent accounts are not available. For many of these
across Sainsbury’s (including Grocery, General Merchandise and Clothing) and Argos respectively.                    investments, the valuations provided are at 30 September or 31 December with an adjustment for cash flows
                                                                                                                    incurred between the valuation date and the end of the financial year. The assets have been assessed for
As such, during the current period, the CODM has been presented information for the following operating segments:
                                                                                                                    impairment, from the date of the most recent statement date through manager enquiry and analysis of similar
• Retail – Sainsbury’s                                                                                              public market indices.
• Retail – Argos
                                                                                                                    Liabilities
• Financial Services
                                                                                                                    The present value of post-employment benefit obligations is determined on an actuarial basis using various
This differs from the prior year, whereby the CODM was presented with information for Food; General                 assumptions, including the discount rate, inflation rate, future pension increases and mortality assumptions.
Merchandise and Clothing; and Financial Services respectively.                                                      Any changes in these assumptions will impact the carrying amount as well as the net pension finance income/
Management has considered the economic characteristics, in particular average gross margin, similarity of           (cost). Key assumptions and sensitivities for post-employment benefit obligations are disclosed in note 33.7.
products, production processes, customers, sales methods and regulatory environment of its two Retail
segments. In doing so it has been concluded that they should be aggregated into one ‘Retail’ segment within
the financial statements given the similar economic characteristics between the two. This aggregated
information provides users with the financial information needed to evaluate the business and the
environment in which it operates.

Lease terms
The lease term includes periods covered by extension options where the Group is reasonably certain to exercise
those options, and excludes periods covered by break options where the Group is reasonably certain not to
exercise those options.
In assessing whether the Group is reasonably certain, management considers all relevant facts and
circumstances that create an economic incentive, including the strategic importance of the leased asset, its
expected contribution to the Group’s long-term plans and the costs associated with terminating or replacing
the lease. Judgements are reviewed when significant events or changes in circumstances occur that are within
the control of the Group.
153      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                   Strategic Report    Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

5 Non-underlying items
                                                                                                                         2026
                                                                              Financial           Retail    Impairment of
                                                                               Services    restructuring     non-financial
                                                                                 model      programmes              assets          Pensions             Other
                                                                                     5.1              5.2              5.3                5.4              5.5                Total
Continuing operations                                                  Note         £m               £m                £m                £m                £m                   £m
Cost of sales                                                                        —               (58)              (7)                —                 (7)                (72)
Administrative expenses                                                              (8)             (13)              —                  (8)              (34)                (63)
Other income                                                                         —                —                —                   1                 6                   7
Affecting operating profit                                                           (8)             (71)              (7)                 (7)             (35)               (128)
Net finance (costs)/income                                                           —                (3)              —                  40                (8)                 29

Affecting profit before tax – continuing operations                                  (8)             (74)              (7)                33               (43)                (99)
Affecting loss before tax – discontinued operations                      11                                                                                                    (29)
Affecting profit before tax for the financial year                                                                                                                            (128)

Being:
Non-financial asset impairments                                                      —                (3)              (7)                —                 —                  (10)
Accelerated depreciation of assets and acquisition adjustments                       —               (35)              —                  —                (17)                (52)
Loss on disposal of properties                                                       —                —                —                  —                 (2)                 (2)
Property closure provisions                                                          —               (12)              —                  —                 —                  (12)
Employee costs                                                                       —               (15)              —                  —                 —                  (15)
Non-underlying finance (costs)/income                                                —                (3)              —                  40                (8)                 29
Fair value movements                                                                 (1)              —                —                    1               (7)                 (7)
Other net costs                                                                      (7)              (6)              —                   (8)              (9)                (30)
Affecting profit before tax – continuing operations                                  (8)             (74)              (7)                33               (43)                (99)
154      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                     Strategic Report     Governance Report        Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

5 Non-underlying items continued
                                                                                                                                                     2025 (restated*)
                                                                                                                Financial           Retail    Impairment of
                                                                                                                 Services    restructuring     non-financial
                                                                                                                   model     programmes               assets            Pensions             Other
                                                                                                                       5.1              5.2              5.3                  5.4              5.5                  Total
Continuing operations                                                                                    Note         £m               £m                £m                  £m                £m                     £m
Cost of sales                                                                                                          —              (64)              (16)                 —                      2                (78)
Administrative expenses                                                                                               (16)            (58)               —                   (8)                  (17)               (99)
Other (expense)/income                                                                                                 —               (4)               —                   —                     57                 53
Affecting operating profit                                                                                            (16)           (126)              (16)                  (8)                  42               (124)
Net finance (costs)/income                                                                                             —               (2)               —                    36                  (12)                22
Affecting profit before tax – continuing operations                                                                   (16)           (128)              (16)                  28                  30                (102)
Affecting loss before tax – discontinued operations                                                        11                                                                                                       (223)
Affecting profit before tax for the financial year                                                                                                                                                                  (325)

Being:
Non-financial asset impairments                                                                                       —                 (4)             (16)                 —                     —                 (20)
Accelerated depreciation of assets and acquisition adjustments                                                        —                (42)              —                   —                    (17)               (59)
Profit on disposal of properties                                                                                      —                 —                —                   —                     57                 57
Property closure provisions                                                                                           —                (12)              —                   —                     —                 (12)
Employee costs                                                                                                        (7)              (43)              —                   —                     —                 (50)
Onerous contracts                                                                                                     (8)               —                —                   —                     —                  (8)
Non-underlying finance income/(costs)                                                                                 —                 —                —                   36                   (12)                24
Fair value movements                                                                                                  —                 —                —                   —                      2                  2
Other net costs                                                                                                       (1)              (27)              —                   (8)                   —                 (36)
Affecting profit before tax – continuing operations                                                                   (16)           (128)              (16)                  28                  30                (102)

* Refer to note 2.1 (c) for details of prior year restatements.
The impact of non-underlying items on Retail cash generated from operations is presented in note A2.2.
155    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

5 Non-underlying items continued                                                                                     5.5 Other
5.1 Financial Services model                                                                                         Comprises:
As part of the phased withdrawal from Financial Services, costs incurred associated with the exit that are           • Acquisition adjustments relate to the unwind of non-cash fair value adjustments arising from the Home
directly attributable to the disposal group have been classified as discontinued operations as set out in note 11.     Retail Group acquisition
Costs which are not directly attributable to the disposal group but have specifically been incurred as part of the   • Non-underlying finance and fair value movements comprising £8 million (2025: £12 million) of finance costs
phased withdrawal, have been recognised within non-underlying items within continuing operations.                      relating to lease interest on impaired non-trading sites, and a £7 million loss (2025: £2 million gain) within
                                                                                                                       cost of sales relating to adverse (2025: favourable) movements on long-term, fixed price Power Purchase
5.2 Retail restructuring programme                                                                                     agreements (PPAs) with independent producers. These are classified as derivatives which are not in a hedge
In the year ended 6 March 2021, the Group announced a restructuring programme to accelerate the structural             relationship and owing to potentially significant fluctuations in value from external market factors are
integration of Sainsbury’s and Argos and further simplify the Argos business; create a new supply chain and            treated as non-underlying to facilitate the comparability of underlying results between periods
logistics operating model; and further rationalise/repurpose the Group’s supermarkets and convenience estate.        • Other net costs include income recognised in relation to the settlement of a legal case involving European
The programme also considered the Group’s store support centre ways of working.                                        truck manufacturers, and consultancy costs in relation to corporate transaction activity
Separately, as part of our Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy implementation, we commenced a multi-year                 • Property-related transactions in 2025 of £57 million predominantly related to the profit on completion of the
restructuring programme in the prior financial year which will update our central management structures to             disposal of land associated with the Hendon Mixed Used Development Scheme, which included the closure
support faster decision making and drive performance at both Sainsbury’s and Argos, creating fewer, bigger             of the existing supermarket and the recognition of a new supermarket asset within property, plant
roles with clearer accountabilities. As previously announced, the programme also includes the closure of food          and equipment
counters, converting cafes to expert partners, and converting remaining scratch bakeries. Costs have continued
to be incurred in the current period, including in relation to restructuring local delivery hubs for Argos, where    6 Segment reporting
colleagues’ shifts will change. Refer to the Strategic Report on page 37 for further details.                        The Group’s operating segments have been determined based on the information regularly provided to
                                                                                                                     the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM). In the current period, it has been reassessed that the CODM is
As the costs incurred facilitate future underlying cost savings, it was considered whether it was appropriate to     considered to be the Group PLC Board, which uses the information regularly provided to make optimal
report these costs within underlying profit. Whilst they arise from changes in the Group’s underlying                decisions on the allocation of resources and assess performance.
operations, they can be separately identified, are material in size and do not relate to ordinary in-year trading
activity. In addition, the areas being closed or restructured no longer relate to the Group’s remaining              In determining the Group’s reportable segments, management has considered the economic characteristics,
underlying operations and their exclusion provides meaningful comparison between financial years.                    in particular average gross margin, similarity of products, production processes, customers, sales methods and
                                                                                                                     regulatory environment of its two Retail segments. Given the similar economic characteristics between them,
For accelerated depreciation of assets, the remaining useful economic lives of corresponding sites have been         these two segments have been aggregated into one ‘Retail’ segment within the financial statements as this
reassessed to align with the latest closure dates, resulting in an acceleration in depreciation of these assets.     provides users with the financial information needed to evaluate the business and the environment in which
The existing depreciation of these assets (depreciation that would have been recognised absent a closure             it operates.
decision) is recognised within underlying expenses, whereas accelerated depreciation above this is recognised
within non-underlying expenses.                                                                                      The Group’s reportable operating segments have therefore been identified as follows:

Property closure provisions relate to dilapidations and strip out costs on sites that have been identified for       • Retail, comprising the sale of food, household, general merchandise, clothing and fuel primarily through
closure, as well as business rates for sites the Group no longer operates from which are recognised as incurred.       store and online channels
                                                                                                                     • Financial Services, comprising banking and insurance services through Sainsbury’s Bank and Argos
Other net costs comprise predominantly consultancy costs.
                                                                                                                       Financial Services
5.3 Impairment of non-financial assets                                                                               The CODM uses underlying profit before tax as the key measure of segmental performance as it represents the
Separate from restructuring initiatives and property-related transactions, the Group has recognised £7 million       ongoing trading performance with additional insight into year-on-year performance that is more comparable
(2025: £16 million) of impairment in relation to certain non-trading sites whereby rent reviews at previously        over time. This measure is consistent with that used elsewhere in the Group’s internal reporting and is defined
impaired sites caused an increase in the associated right-of-use assets, and, in prior periods, sub-tenant           in note 2.5.
defaults. For further details, refer to note 17.
                                                                                                                     Segment results include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a
5.4 Pensions                                                                                                         reasonable basis. Segment assets and liabilities, including investments in associates and joint ventures, are
Such amounts relate to the defined benefit pension scheme (the Scheme) and are treated as non-underlying             not disclosed because they are not reported to, or reviewed by, the CODM.
owing to the Scheme being closed to future accrual and accordingly not forming part of ongoing
operating activities.
156    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                      Strategic Report   Governance Report       Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

6 Segment reporting continued                                                                                                                                                                                            2025 (restated*)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Group
Fuel revenue comprises sales from Petrol Filling Stations (PFS) and the Ultra Rapid Electric Vehicle charging                                                                                                                  Financial    - Continuing
business (Smart Charge). In prior periods, revenue from Smart Charge was reported within Grocery, General                                                                                                       Retail          Services      operations
                                                                                                                 Continuing operations                                                            Note            £m                 £m              £m
Merchandise and Clothing. To better reflect the nature of these sales, Smart Charge revenue has been
reclassified to Fuel revenue. As a result, comparative figures have been re-presented. Grocery, General          Revenue
Merchandise and Clothing revenue has been re-presented from £28,762 million and Fuel revenue has been            Grocery, general merchandise and clothing                                                    28,754                 —          28,754
re-presented from £3,868 million for the 52 weeks ended 1 March 2025.                                            Fuel                                                                                          3,876                 —           3,876
6.1 Income statement                                                                                             Interest receivable                                                                              —                 103            103
                                                                                                                 Fees and commission                                                                              —                  39             39
                                                                                       2026
                                                                                       Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                              32,630                142         32,772
                                                                             Retail     Services        Group
Continuing operations                                                Note      £m            £m            £m
Revenue                                                                                                          Underlying operating profit/(loss)                                                             1,036                (22)         1,014
Grocery, general merchandise and clothing                                   29,992            —       29,992     Underlying finance income                                                           9             31                 —              31
Fuel                                                                         3,559            —        3,559     Underlying finance costs                                                            9           (336)                —            (336)
Interest receivable                                                             —             58          58     Underlying profit/(loss) before tax                                                             731                 (22)          709
Fees and commission                                                             —             38          38     Non-underlying items                                                                5                                             (102)
                                                                            33,551            96      33,647     Profit before tax - continuing operations                                                                                          607
                                                                                                                 Income tax expense                                                                 10                                             (186)
Underlying operating profit                                                  1,025            —         1,025    Profit after tax - continuing operations                                                                                           421
Underlying finance income                                              9        24            —            24    Loss after tax - discontinued operations                                           11                                             (168)
Underlying finance costs                                               9      (331)           —          (331)   Profit after tax - total                                                                                                          253
Underlying profit before tax                                                   718            —           718
Non-underlying items                                                   5                                  (99)   *   Refer to note 2.1 (a) and (c) for details of prior year restatements.

Profit before tax - continuing operations                                                                 619
Income tax expense                                                    10                                 (205)
Profit after tax - continuing operations                                                                  414
Loss after tax - discontinued operations                               11                                 (21)
Profit after tax - total                                                                                  393
157       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report    Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

6 Segment reporting continued                                                                                                                  7 Supplier arrangements
6.2 Other segment items                                                                                                                        The following amounts in relation to supplier arrangements are held on the balance sheet:
                                                                                                 2026                                                                                                                                                       2026           2025
                                                                                                   Group         Group                                                                                                                                       £m             £m
                                                                                Financial   - Continuing - Discontinued
                                                                      Retail     Services     operations     operations          Group Total   Within inventory                                                                                               (3)            (2)
                                                    Note                £m            £m              £m            £m                   £m    Within current trade receivables
Depreciation expense                                                                                                                           Supplier arrangements due                                                                                     45              54
 Property, plant and equipment                         14              509            —             509               —                509     Accrued supplier arrangements                                                                                 51              65
 Right-of-use assets                                   15              530            —             530               —                530     Within current trade payables
Amortisation expense                                                                                                                           Supplier arrangements due                                                                                     47              37
 Intangible assets                                     16              199            —             199               —                 199    Total supplier arrangements                                                                                  140            154
Impairment of non-financial assets                     17               23            —              23               —                  23
Impairment loss on financial assets                                     —              1              1               —                   1    Additionally, £13 million (2025: £18 million) of supplier arrangements contractually agreed but not yet earned is
Share based payments                                   34               72             3             75                5                 80    held on the balance sheet within deferred income.

                                                                                            2025 (restated*)                                   8 Operating profit
                                                                                Financial
                                                                                                   Group          Group
                                                                                            - Continuing - Discontinued
                                                                                                                                               8.1 Operating profit is stated after charging/(crediting):
                                                                      Retail     Services     operations      operations         Group Total                                                                                                                               2025
                                                     Note               £m            £m             £m              £m                  £m                                                                                                                 2026     (restated*)
                                                                                                                                               Continuing operations                                                                        Note             £m              £m
Depreciation expense
                                                                                                                                               Employee costs                                                                                8.2           4,258         3,966
 Property, plant and equipment                         14               532           —               532             —                 532
                                                                                                                                               Inventories recognised as an
 Right-of-use assets                                   15               501           —               501             —                 501
                                                                                                                                               expense within cost of sales                                                                            27,302           26,557
Amortisation expense
                                                                                                                                               Write-down of inventories                                                                                  757              721
 Intangible assets                                     16               182           —               182             —                 182
                                                                                                                                               Depreciation and amortisation                    Property, plant and equipment        a)     14           509              532
Impairment of non-financial assets                     17                22           —                22             —                  22
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Right-of-use assets                         15           530              501
Impairment loss on financial assets                                      —             2                2             61                 63
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Intangible assets                    a)     16           199              182
Share based payments                                   34                71            2               73              7                 80
                                                                                                                                               Impairment of non-financial assets                                                            17             23              22
*     Refer to note 2.1 (c) for details of prior year restatements.                                                                            Short-term lease expense                                                                                     27              30
                                                                                                                                               Sublet income                                                                                               (61)            (47)
                                                                                  2026                                 2025
                                                                                                                                               Loss/(profit) on disposal                        Property, plant and equipment                                2            (53)
                                                                                Financial                            Financial
                                                                       Retail    Services     Group         Retail    Services        Group                                                      Lease terminations                                        (15)             (9)
                                                         Note            £m           £m         £m           £m           £m           £m
                                                                                                                                               Foreign exchange gain                                                                                         (1)             (1)
Additions to non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                               14           572          —         572            629         —            629    *   Refer to note 2.1 (c) for details of prior year restatements.
Right-of-use assets                                         15           572          —         572            676         —            676    a) Includes the unwind of acquisition adjustments as set out in note 5.5.
Intangible assets                                           16           230          —         230            208         —            208

6.3 Geographical segments
In the current year, the Group traded in the UK and consequently the majority of revenues, capital expenditure
and segment net assets arise there. The Group also maintains an operational presence in the Republic of
Ireland and Asia, which does not give rise to significant revenues, capital expenditure or segment net assets in
those territories.
158    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                       Strategic Report    Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

8 Operating profit continued                                                                                    With effect from July 2025, following a competitive tender process, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) was
                                                                                                                appointed as auditor of the Group, replacing Ernst & Young LLP (EY). Fees payable for the audit of the Company
8.2 Employee costs
                                                                                                                and the Group’s annual accounts, the audit of the Company’s subsidiaries, and audit-related and non-audit
                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                        2026     (restated*)    services during the 52 week period ended 28 February 2026 relate to PwC and for the 52 week period ended
                                                                                         £m              £m     1 March 2025 to EY.
Wages and salaries, including bonus and termination benefits                          3,645          3,532
                                                                                                                EY was the auditor of Sainsbury’s Bank plc and its subsidiaries in the year, the audit fees for 2026 disclosed
Social security costs                                                                   383            275      above do not include any fees payable to EY.
Pension costs – defined contribution schemes                                             211           204
Share-based payments expense                                                                                    Non-audit services related principally to services provided by the Group’s auditor in relation to the update of
                                                                                         80             80      the Euro MTN (EMTN) Programme (2025: related to services provided by the Group’s previous auditor in relation
                                                                                      4,319          4,091      to the establishment of the Euro MTN (‘EMTN’) Programme).
Discontinued operations                                                                  61            125
Continuing operations                                                                 4,258          3,966      9 Finance income and finance costs
                                                                                                                                                                       2026                                      2025
8.3 Employee numbers                                                                                                                                                      Non-                                      Non-
                                                                                                                                                        Underlying   underlying         Total    Underlying    underlying       Total
                                                                                                                Continuing operations                          £m           £m            £m            £m            £m          £m
                                                                                        2026           2025
Average number of employees, including Directors and discontinued operations:           ‘000           ‘000     Interest on bank deposits and other
Full time                                                                                49               53    financial assets                               23             —             23          29              —         29
Part time                                                                                93               92    IAS 19 pension financing income                —              40            40          —               36        36
                                                                                        142            145      Finance income on net investment
                                                                                                                in leases                                        1            —              1           2              —          2
Full-time equivalent                                                                     91               95
                                                                                                                Finance income                                 24             40            64          31              36        67
Details of key management compensation can be found in note 37.1 and within the Directors’ remuneration         Secured borrowings                            (29)          —            (29)          (35)             —        (35)
report on pages 81 to 103.                                                                                      Unsecured borrowings                          (35)          —            (35)           (41)            —         (41)
8.4 Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                      Lease liabilities                            (267)          (11)        (278)         (260)             (12)    (272)
                                                                                        2026           2025     Provisions - amortisation of discount          —            —             —              —               (2)       (2)
                                                                                         £m             £m      Finance costs                                (331)          (11)        (342)         (336)             (14)    (350)
Audit of the Company and consolidated financial statements                               1.1              1.5
Audit of the Company’s subsidiaries                                                      2.0              2.7
Audit-related assurance services, including half-year review                             0.1              0.1
Total audit fees                                                                         3.2            4.3
Non-audit services                                                                       0.1            0.1
Total fees                                                                               3.3            4.4
159    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                     Strategic Report      Governance Report           Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

10 Taxation                                                                                 The effective tax rate of 33.1 per cent (2025: 30.6 per cent) is higher than the standard rate of corporation tax in
                                                                                            the UK of 25 per cent as a result of the differences set out below:
10.1 Income statement
                                                                                    2025                                                                                   2026                                     2025 (restated*)
                                                                      2026    (restated*)                                                                              Non-                                              Non-
Continuing operations                                                  £m             £m                                                               Underlying underlying                Total        Underlying underlying         Total
Current tax                                                                                 Continuing operations                                            £m         £m                    £m                £m         £m            £m

Current year UK tax                                                    140          107     Profit before tax                                                 718              (99)          619              709           (102)      607
Under/(over) provision in prior years                                    7           (3)    Income tax at UK corporation
                                                                                            tax rate of 25% (2025: 25%):                                     180               (25)           155              177             (26)     151
Total current tax expense                                              147          104
                                                                                              Disallowed depreciation on
Deferred tax
                                                                                               UK properties                                                     29                3              32            30             —         30
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                       51            63
                                                                                               Gain on disposal of properties                                   —                (1)              (1)          —              (6)       (6)
Under provision in prior years                                           7            23
                                                                                                Other                                             a)             (4)               9                5           (2)            (3)       (5)
Recognition of capital losses                                           —             (4)
                                                                                                Under provision in prior years                                   5                9              14            —              20        20
Total deferred tax expense                                              58            82         Recognition of capital losses                                  —                —               —             —              (4)       (4)
Total income tax expense                                               205          186                                                                       210                 (5)        205               205             (19)    186
Analysed as:
                                                                                            *    Refer to note 2.1 (a) and (c) for details of prior year restatements. Tax associated with discontinued operations is presented in note 11.
Underlying tax                                                         210          205
Non-underlying tax                                                      (5)          (19)   a)   Key items within Other includes the tax impact of non-deductible transaction costs and restructuring costs.

Total income tax expense                                               205          186     The Group is within the scope of global minimum tax (GMT) under the OECD Pillar Two rules (Pillar Two). Pillar Two
                                                                                            reporting requirements were enacted for the UK on 18 July 2023 and apply to the Group for the period ended 1 March
                                                                                            2025 onwards. Under these requirements, the Group is liable to pay a top up tax for any deficit between the
Underlying tax rate                                                  29.2%       28.9%      minimum tax rate of 15 per cent and the effective tax rate per jurisdiction. As a primarily UK focused group, paying
Effective tax rate                                                   33.1%       30.6%      tax well in excess of the required minimum, there is no material im
                                                                                            The Group has applied the mandatory temporary exception in the amended IAS 12 ‘Income taxes’ from the
                                                                                            requirement to recognise or disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the proposed
                                                                                            Pillar Two model rules.

                                                                                            10.2 Income tax charged or (credited) to equity and/or other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                                                        2026                                            2025
                                                                                                                                                       Current         Deferred                           Current     Deferred
                                                                                                                                                           tax              tax           Total               tax          tax         Total
                                                                                            Continuing operations                                          £m               £m              £m                £m           £m            £m
                                                                                            Share-based payment reserve                                    —                (11)            (11)              (3)              —        (3)
                                                                                            Actuarial reserve                                              —               (67)            (67)               —                (8)      (8)
                                                                                            Financial asset reserve                                        —                —               —                  1               (1)      —
                                                                                            Cash flow hedge                                                —                 (5)             (5)              —                 4        4
                                                                                                                                                           —               (83)            (83)               (2)              (5)       (7)

                                                                                            The current and deferred tax in relation to the Group’s defined benefit pension scheme’s remeasurements and
                                                                                            available-for-sale fair value movements have been charged or credited through other comprehensive income
                                                                                            where appropriate.
160       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

10 Taxation continued
10.3 Movements in deferred tax
                                                                                                         Accelerated                                 Rolled over      Retirement
                                                                                                              capital       Capital                      capital          benefit    Share-based
                                                                                                          allowances         losses     Fair value        gains       obligations      payments          Leases            Other          Total
                                                                                                                  £m            £m             £m            £m               £m             £m             £m               £m             £m
2 March 2025 as previously reported                                                                             (209)           43            (12)          (92)            (218)              32            63             (36)          (429)
Opening balance adjustment                                                                                       100            —               7            —                —                —             —               (5)           102
2 March 2025 (restated*)                                                                                        (109)           43             (5)          (92)            (218)              32            63             (41)          (327)
(Charge)/credit to income statement - continuing operations                                                       (13)           2             —             —               (43)               4           (32)             24            (58)
Credit to equity or other comprehensive income                                                                     —            —               5            —                67               11            —               —              83
28 February 2026                                                                                                (122)           45             —            (92)            (194)              47            31             (17)          (302)

3 March 2024 as previously reported                                                                             (134)           44             (1)           (92)           (244)              35            81              (18)         (329)
Opening balance adjustment                                                                                        61            —              11             —               —                —             —                 1            73
3 March 2024 (restated*)                                                                                         (73)           44             10            (92)           (244)              35             81            (17)          (256)
(Charge)/credit to income statement - continuing operations                                                      (36)            (5)          (12)            —               18               (3)           (18)           (30)           (86)
Credit to income statement - discontinued operations                                                              —             —             —               —               —                —             —                6              6
(Charge)/credit to equity or other comprehensive income                                                           —             —              (3)            —                8               —             —               —               5
Recognition of deferred tax asset                                                                                 —               4           —               —               —                —             —               —               4
1 March 2025 (restated*)                                                                                        (109)           43             (5)           (92)           (218)               32           63              (41)         (327)

*     Refer to note 2.1 (a) for details of prior year restatements.

Post the offset of balances in the same tax jurisdiction, the total deferred tax is presented as a deferred income tax liability on the consolidated balance sheet.
Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of capital losses of £403 million (2025: £399 million) for which their use against chargeable capital gains is restricted. These capital losses have no date of expiry. Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are only offset where there is a legally enforceable right of offset and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority. In addition, deferred tax has not been recognised on £249 million
(2025: £249 million) of non-trade loan relationships deficits, an element of which arose from the reactivation of previously disallowed Corporate Interest Restriction amounts within acquired companies in prior years. As it is not
considered probable that these losses will be available for future relief, the Group has not recognised a deferred tax asset in respect of them.
161    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                            Strategic Report      Governance Report        Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

11 Discontinued operations                                                                                               11.2 Discontinued operations net gain/(loss) arising from disposals
In January 2024 the Group announced that it had completed its strategic review of the Financial Services                                                                                                                                                      2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2026        (restated)
division, culminating in a single co-ordinated plan to move to a third-party distributed model. Owing to the                                                                                                                                 £m                £m
complex nature of assets and liabilities that make up the separate major line of business, this has resulted in a        Fair value of consideration (payable)/receivable                                                     a)           (244)              149
phased withdrawal with components completing at various stages.                                                          Fair value of net liabilities/(assets) disposed excluding provisions                                 b)            258              (218)
In July 2025, the Group agreed to sell the Travel Money business to Fexco Group, with the sale completing in             Write down of net liabilities/loss on net assets disposed                                                            14               (69)
January 2026. The Travel Money business is presented as a discontinued operation in both the current and                 Costs of disposal                                                                                                    (2)              (72)
comparative periods.
                                                                                                                         Gain/(loss) on disposal before tax                                                                                   12              (141)
During the year, the Group completed the previously announced sale of its personal loan, credit card and retail          Income tax (expense)/credit                                                                                          (3)               35
deposit portfolios to NatWest Group, disposed of its ATM estate to NoteMachine. In February 2025, the Group
completed the sale of the AFS storecard portfolio to NewDay Group. The results of these businesses are                   Gain/(loss) on disposal after tax                                                                                     9             (106)
presented as discontinued operations.
                                                                                                                         a) Comprises consideration paid to NatWest of £273 million in respect of the value of the net Core Banking liabilities transferred on 1
The loss relating to these discontinued operations is set out in note 11.1. The net gain/(loss) on disposal is              May 2025 and consideration receivable of £29 million in respect of the sale of Travel Money assets to Fexco Group. The comparative
measured by reference to the fair value of the relevant portfolios on derecognition and the associated                      period comprises consideration payable on the Core Banking portfolio based on pricing mechanisms set out in the sale agreement
                                                                                                                            measured at the reporting date 1 March 2025, partially offset by £2 million consideration receivable related to the sale of ATM
consideration payable or receivable, as detailed in note 11.2.
                                                                                                                            assets, and £749 million received relating to the sale of AFS cards and the debt instrument notes derecognised.
11.1 Discontinued operations loss after tax                                                                              b) Comprises the fair value of net liabilities of the Core Banking portfolios at the completion date of 1 May 2025 and the fair value of
                                                                                                                 2025       Travel Money assets derecognised at the completion date of 31 January 2026. Net liabilities were remeasured to fair value
                                                                                                2026       (restated)       immediately prior to completion of the sale, with associated fair value movements recognised within operating costs. The
                                                                                  Note           £m               £m
                                                                                                                            comparative period comprises the fair value of net liabilities of Core Banking portfolios held for sale, together with ATM-related
Revenue                                                                                                                     assets held for sale and AFS cards assets disposed on 28 February 2025, inclusive of £24 million of goodwill.
Interest receivable                                                                               —              273
Fees and commission income                                                                       104              96     11.3 Assets and liabilities of disposal group and non-current assets classified as held for sale
                                                                                                 104              369                                                                                                                      2026              2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Note              £m                £m
Operating costs                                                                                 (120)            (317)
                                                                                                                         Non-current assets classified as held for sale
Operating (loss)/profit                                                                          (16)              52    ATM assets                                                                                                           —                     1
Restructuring and impairment costs                                                               (25)            (134)   Assets of disposal group classified as held for sale
Net gain/(loss) arising from disposals                                            11.2            12             (141)   Unsecured balances                                                                                                   —             2,512
Loss before tax                                                                                  (29)            (223)   Total assets of disposal group and non-current assets classified
Income tax credit                                                                                  8               55    as held for sale                                                                                    21               —             2,513
Loss after tax                                                                                    (21)           (168)
                                                                                                                         Liabilities of disposal group classified as held for sale
                                                                                                                         Customer deposits                                                                                                    —            (3,109)
                                                                                                                         Provisions for costs of disposal                                                                                     —               (27)
                                                                                                                         Total liabilities of disposal group classified as held for sale                                     21               —            (3,136)
                                                                                                                         Net liabilities held for sale associated with discontinued
                                                                                                                         operations                                                                                                           —              (623)
162     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

11 Discontinued operations continued                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Pence
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pence
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    per share
11.4 Discontinued operations cash flow statement                                                                                                                                                                                                    per share     (restated*)
                                                                                                                                   2025    Basic – total                                                                                                 17.3           10.9
                                                                                                                 2026         (restated)
                                                                                                                  £m                £m     Diluted – total                                                                                               16.9           10.7
Net cash flows from:                                                                                                                       Basic - discontinued operations                                                                               (0.9)          (7.2)
Operating activities                                                                                             (457)             595     Diluted - discontinued operations                                                                             (0.9)          (7.1)
Investing activities                                                                               a)            (261)             750     Basic – continuing operations                                                                                 18.2           18.1
                                                                                                                 (718)           1,345     Diluted – continuing operations                                                                               17.8           17.8
                                                                                                                                           Basic - underlying                                                                                            22.3           21.6
a) Net cash flows used in investing activities relate to consideration paid and received in respect of Core Banking activities disposed.
   Net cash flows generated in 2025 primarily related to proceeds received from the disposal of AFS cards and cash receipts from the
                                                                                                                                           Diluted - underlying                                                                                          21.9           21.2
   sale of a debt instrument that formed part consideration under the arrangement.
                                                                                                                                           *   Refer to note 2.1 (a) and (c) for details of prior year restatements.

12 Earnings per share
The calculations of basic and underlying basic earnings per share are based on profit after tax and underlying
                                                                                                                                           13 Dividends
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2026           2025
profit after tax for the financial year, respectively, divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares                                                                                                          pence          pence           2026           2025
in issue during the year, excluding own shares held by the Employee Share Ownership Trust (ESOT).                                                                                                                      per share      per share           £m             £m
                                                                                                                                           Amounts recognised as distributions
Diluted and underlying diluted earnings per share are calculated on the same basis as basic and underlying
                                                                                                                                           to ordinary shareholders:
basic earnings per share, but where the weighted average share numbers have also been adjusted for the
weighted average effects of potentially dilutive shares. Such potentially dilutive shares comprise share options                           Financial year ended 2 March 2024
and awards granted to employees where the scheme to date performance is deemed to have been earned.                                        – Final dividend                                                                  —             9.2            —              217
                                                                                                                                           Financial year ended 1 March 2025
                                                                                                                   2026            2025
                                                                                                                 million         million   – Interim dividend                                                                —             3.9            —              91
Weighted average number of shares in issue for calculating basic earnings per share                             2,274.2        2,330.6     – Final dividend                                                                  9.7           —             223             —
Weighted average number of dilutive share options                                                                  46.6           43.5     Financial year ended 28 February 2026
                                                                                                                                           – Interim dividend                                                               4.1             —             93             —
Total number of shares for calculating diluted earnings per share                                              2,320.8          2,374.1
                                                                                                                                           – Special dividend                                                              11.0             —            250             —
                                                                                                                                   2025                                                                                    24.8           13.1           566            308
                                                                                                                   2026      (restated*)
                                                                                                    Note            £m              £m     Proposed final dividend at financial year end                                    9.6                          214
Underlying profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders of
the parent                                                                                                          508            504     The proposed final dividend was approved by the Board on 22 April 2026 and is subject to shareholders’ approval
Adjustment for non-underlying items after tax                                                                       (94)            (83)   at the Annual General Meeting. If approved, it will be paid on 10 July 2026 to shareholders on the register as at
Profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent                                                                       5 June 2026. No amount for the proposed final dividend has been recognised at the balance sheet date.
- continuing operations                                                                                             414             421
Loss after tax from discontinued operations                                                             11           (21)          (168)
Profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent                                                393            253
163    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                   Strategic Report      Governance Report          Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

14 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                       14.1 Security
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2026                                 2025
                                                          2026                                   2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Net book                            Net book
                                           Land and Fixtures and                 Land and    Fixtures and                                                                               Number of              value           Number of           value
                                           buildings equipment          Total    buildings    equipment        Total   Property, plant and equipment pledged as security for            properties               £bn           properties            £bn
                                   Note          £m          £m           £m           £m             £m         £m
                                                                                                                       Loan due 2031                                                              48              0.9                 48            0.9
Cost
                                                                                                                       Asset-backed pension contribution scheme                                   51              1.2                 51            1.2
At beginning of financial year               11,381        4,505      15,886       11,154         4,919      16,073
Additions                                       168         404           572         280           349         629                                                                               99               2.1                99             2.1
Disposals                                      (105)        (526)        (631)        (26)         (730)       (756)
Transfer from/(to) assets held                                                                                         15 Leases
for sale                                         29              —        29          (27)           (33)       (60)   15.1 Group as a lessee
At end of financial year                     11,473        4,383      15,856       11,381         4,505      15,886    a) Right-of-use assets
Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                                                                                2026                                         2025
and impairment                                                                                                                                                          Land and                                   Land and
                                                                                                                                                                        buildings Equipment              Total     buildings       Equipment       Total
At beginning of financial year                3,508        3,020       6,528       3,347          3,444       6,791    Net book value                           Note          £m        £m                 £m            £m              £m          £m
Depreciation expense                            201          308         509         203            329         532    At beginning of financial year                      4,055          400           4,455            3,976          320       4,296
Impairment loss                      17           12          —           12            1             5           6    New leases and modifications                          419           153            572              487          189         676
Disposals                                        (75)       (525)       (600)         (22)         (727)       (749)   Impairment loss                            17          (11)          —              (11)             (16)         —           (16)
Transfer from/(to) assets held                                                                                         Depreciation expense                                 (408)         (122)          (530)            (392)        (109)       (501)
for sale                                         21              —        21          (21)           (31)       (52)
                                                                                                                       At end of financial year                            4,055           431          4,486        4,055              400       4,455
At end of financial year                      3,667        2,803       6,470       3,508          3,020       6,528
Net book value                                7,806        1,580       9,386        7,873          1,485      9,358    b) Lease liabilities
Capital work-in-progress                                                                                                                                                                                                             2026          2025
included above                                  184              95      279         202                56     258                                                                                                Note                £m            £m
                                                                                                                       At beginning of financial year                                                                              5,494          5,354
Transfers from assets held for sale in the year relate to retail non-current assets where the related asset sales      New leases and modifications                                                                                  550            627
are no longer expected to complete within the next 12 months.                                                          Interest expense                                                                             9                278            272
                                                                                                                       Payments                                                                                                     (782)          (759)
                                                                                                                       At end of financial year                                                                                    5,540          5,494
164       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

15 Leases continued                                                                                                                     f) Lease cash flows
15.1 Group as a lessee continued                                                                                                                                                                                                        2026
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         £m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        £m
c) Maturity analysis
                                                                                                                                        Total cash outflow for leases (excludes sublet income)                                          (813)         (791)
                                                                                                                                2025
                                                                                                               2026       (restated*)
                                                                                                                £m                £m
                                                                                                                                        15.2 Group as lessor
Contractual undiscounted cash flows
Less than 1 year                                                                                               773              751     a) Maturity analysis of lease receivables classified as finance leases
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2026          2025
1 to 2 years                                                                                                   719              707                                                                                                      £m            £m
2 to 3 years                                                                                                   667              635     Contractual undiscounted cash flows
3 to 4 years                                                                                                   625              590     Less than 1 year                                                                                  5             11
4 to 5 years                                                                                                   579              560     1 to 5 years                                                                                      4             12
Total less than 5 years                                                                                      3,363            3,243     More than 5 years                                                                                 6              7
5 to 10 years                                                                                                2,427            2,253                                                                                                      15             30
10 to 15 years                                                                                               1,329            1,357
                                                                                                                                        Lease receivable included in the balance sheet
More than 15 years                                                                                           2,418            2,447
                                                                                                                                        Current                                                                                           4              9
Total undiscounted lease liability                                                                           9,537            9,300
                                                                                                                                        Non-current                                                                                       7             15
Lease liability in the balance sheet                                                                         5,540            5,494                                                                                                       11            24
Current                                                                                                        505              483
Non-current                                                                                                  5,035             5,011    b) Maturity analysis of lease rental receivables classified as operating leases
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2026          2025
*     Comparative undiscounted cash flow amounts have been restated to reflect updated assumptions behind the methodology of                                                                                                             £m            £m
      determining these amounts. Additionally, refer to note 2.1 (b) for details of the prior year restatement in relation to the       Less than 1 year                                                                                 16             17
      classification between certain current and non-current lease liabilities.
                                                                                                                                        1 to 2 years                                                                                     15             15
d) Undiscounted future rental payments not currently included within the reported lease liability                                       2 to 3 years                                                                                     14             13
                                                                                                              2026             2025     3 to 4 years                                                                                     12             12
                                                                                                               £m               £m      4 to 5 years                                                                                     11             10
Extension options expected to not be exercised                                                              4,755            4,591      5 to 10 years                                                                                    34             32
Lease breaks expected to be exercised                                                                         374              341      10 to 15 years                                                                                    9              7
                                                                                                                                        More than 15 years                                                                               15             20
e) Lease liabilities subject to specific terms (typically occurring on an annual or five-yearly basis)                                  Total undiscounted lease payments receivable                                                    126            126
                                                                                                               2026             2025
                                                                                                                £m               £m
Inflation-linked rentals                                                                                     2,982            2,913
Subject to rent reviews                                                                                        197              207
165    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

16 Intangible assets                                                                                                     16.1 Analysis of goodwill balances by CGU
                                                                       Computer     Acquired       Customer                                                                                                            2026          2025
                                                          Goodwill      software      brands   relationships    Total                                                                                                   £m            £m
                                                              £m             £m          £m              £m       £m
                                                                                                                         Jacksons Stores Limited                                                                        18             18
Cost                                                                                                                     Home Retail Group                                                                              95             95
At 2 March 2025                                               322         1,350         190              32    1,894     Nectar                                                                                        147            147
Additions                                                      —            230          —               —       230     Bells Stores Limited                                                                            5              5
Disposals                                                       (1)        (435)         —               —      (436)    Other                                                                                          18             18
At 28 February 2026                                            321        1,145         190              32    1,688                                                                                                   283            283
Accumulated amortisation and
impairment
At 2 March 2025                                                 39          852         164              32    1,087
                                                                                                                         17 Impairment of non-financial assets
Amortisation expense                                            —           181          18              —       199     17.1 Impairment losses and reversals
Disposals                                                        (1)       (435)         —               —      (436)    Goodwill
                                                                                                                         There was no impairment of goodwill balances in the current year (2025: nil).
At 28 February 2026                                             38          598         182              32     850
Net book value at 28 February 2026                            283           547           8              —      838      Other non-financial assets
Capital work-in-progress included above                         —            54          —               —        54     In line with the assumptions and methodology outlined in note 17.2, the Group assessed whether indicators of
                                                                                                                         impairment existed at the reporting date. As Argos trading performance was below expectations, management
Cost                                                                                                                     determined that an indicator of impairment existed in respect of each of the Group’s Argos assets. A full
At 3 March 2024                                               384         1,235         229              32    1,880     impairment review was undertaken, resulting in an impairment charge of £2 million. Additionally, an indicator
Additions                                                       —           208          —               —       208     of impairment existed at the reporting date in respect of trading performance at certain Sainsbury’s stores,
Disposals                                                      (24)         (93)         —               —       (117)   and thus a full impairment review was undertaken over these Sainsbury’s stores’ assets, which resulted in an
Transfer to assets held for sale                               (38)          —          (39)             —        (77)   impairment charge of £11 million.

At 1 March 2025                                                322        1,350         190              32    1,894     In addition to impairment charges arising from the indicator-based review, the Group recognised impairment
                                                                                                                         charges arising from specific events and circumstances during the year. These comprised £3 million of
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
                                                                                                                         impairment as part of retail restructuring programmes, and £7 million of impairment in relation to non-trading
At 3 March 2024                                                 77          780         185              32    1,074     sites, reflecting the impact of rent reviews.
Amortisation expense                                            —           164          18              —       182
Disposals                                                       —            (92)        —               —       (92)
Transfer to assets held for sale                               (38)           —         (39)             —       (77)
At 1 March 2025                                                 39          852         164              32    1,087
Net book value at 1 March 2025                                 283          498          26              —       807
Capital work-in-progress included above                         —            63          —               —        63

In the prior year, following the agreement to sell Core Banking portfolios, goodwill of £38 million and £39 million
of acquired brands was transferred to the disposal group classified as held for sale. In addition, £24 million
previously allocated to the Home Retail Group CGU was derecognised following the disposal of AFS cards.
166    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

17 Impairment of non-financial assets continued                                                                     • Certain assets, notably brands, do not generate largely independent cash inflows so are assessed for
                                                                                                                      indicators of impairment, and tested accordingly if indicators are identified, at the corporate level in relation
17.1 Impairment losses and reversals continued
                                                                                                                      to the business units of the Group: Sainsbury’s, Argos and Nectar
Other non-financial assets continued
                                                                                                                    Central assets and associated cash flows are allocated to the relevant CGUs to which they relate. These assets
                                                              2026                            2025
                                                                                                                    are attributed to the lowest level of CGU where allocation can be made on a reasonable and consistent basis,
                                                            Financial                        Financial
                                                   Retail    Services    Total      Retail    Services      Total   with allocation performed using an appropriate measure such as relative store sales.
                                        Note         £m           £m       £m         £m           £m         £m
                                                                                                                    Goodwill acquired is allocated to the CGU or group of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
Balance sheet
                                                                                                                    business combination.
Property, plant and equipment                         12             —     12          6             —        6
Right-of-use assets                                   11             —     11         16             —       16     Recoverable amount
Intangible assets                                     —              —     —          —              —       —      The recoverable amount of individual assets, store-level CGUs and group of stores CGUs is measured as the
Total impairment loss                                 23             —     23          22            —        22    higher of fair value less cost to dispose and the value-in-use of cash flows expected to be largely independently
                                                                                                                    generated. For certain assets that do not generate largely independent cash inflows, recoverable amount is
Income statement                                                                                                    assessed at the level of the relevant business unit to which the asset relates. In these cases, value in use
Comprising                                                                                                          represents the most appropriate basis for determining recoverable amount. Where the value-in-use indicates
Within non-underlying items                                                                                         there is an impairment, consideration is given as to whether fair value less cost to dispose may be higher than
Restructuring programmes                 5.2           3             —      3           4            —         4    value-in-use, with the higher of these being taken as the recoverable amount.
Non-restructuring programmes             5.3           7             —      7          16            —        16
                                                                                                                    Value-in-use
Within underlying items
                                                                                                                    In measuring the value‑in‑use, cash flow projections are based on the latest management‑approved forecast
Argos store assets                                     2             —      2          2             —        2
                                                                                                                    covering a three‑year forecast period. Within this period, medium‑term sales and cost projections consider the
Sainsbury’s store assets                              11             —     11         —              —       —
                                                                                                                    outlook for addressable markets, competitor behaviour, expected inflation and market rates, the prevailing
Total impairment loss                                 23             —     23          22            —        22    macro‑ and microeconomic climate, and committed initiatives. In forming these projections, management
Discontinued operations                               —              —     —          —              —       —      draws on past experience as a basis for forecasting future performance. Online grocery sales are fulfilled by
                                                                                                                    individual stores and therefore these cash flows are allocated to the individual store CGUs which fulfil the
Continuing operations                                 23             —     23         22             —       22
                                                                                                                    online sales. In Argos, online GM&C sales for Click & Collect are allocated to the individual store CGUs which
                                                                                                                    fulfil the online sales, while online sales fulfilled through home delivery are not allocated to the individual store
17.2 Impairment methodology                                                                                         CGUs.
Assessment of indicators of impairment
                                                                                                                    Beyond the three‑year forecast period, cash flows are extrapolated using an estimated average long‑term
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there are any indicators that non-financial assets other         growth rate.
than goodwill and intangible assets not yet available for use may be impaired. Where such indicator exists, the
recoverable amount of the relevant asset or cash generating unit (CGU) is estimated.                                Cash flows are then adjusted to remove the impact of estimated future cash flows expected to arise from
                                                                                                                    strategic capital expenditure not yet incurred. For the purpose of store-level and group of stores forecast level
Cash-generating units                                                                                               CGUs, base cash flows are derived from current year performance and extrapolated using the operating profit
For the purpose of impairment testing, CGUs are determined by reference to the smallest identifiable group of       growth rate approved by management as part of the annual planning process.
assets that generate cash inflows that are largely independent from other assets or groups of assets. These
have been assessed as follows:                                                                                      Climate change considerations
                                                                                                                    As part of the assessment of indicators of impairment, the Group has considered climate-related risks
• Individual stores are typically considered CGUs and represent the collective assets directly attributable to      identified through its scenario analysis performed as part of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
  each respective store                                                                                             Disclosures (TCFD) report (page 104).
• Within Argos, local fulfilment centres serve a defined set of sub-stores so are tested for impairment at this
  aggregated level                                                                                                  The immediately quantifiable impacts of climate change and costs expected to be incurred in connection with
                                                                                                                    our net zero commitments are included within the Group’s budget and three-year plan, which have been used
• Individual assets are assessed separately for impairment indicators where they are expected to generate
                                                                                                                    as the basis for the impairment reviews, with no material impact on cash flows.
  largely independent cash inflows, which would be the case where a decision is taken to sell an individual
  asset, such as land bank development sites
167     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report       Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

17 Impairment of non-financial assets continued                                                                                  Sensitivities
17.2 Impairment methodology continued                                                                                            Sensitivity analysis on the impairment tests for each CGU or group of CGUs to which goodwill has been
                                                                                                                                 allocated has been performed.
Climate change considerations continued
The most material transitional climate risk is in fuel. As such, the Group’s review of impairment indicators                                                                                                                           Headroom
in the current year incorporated the expected climate-related risks associated with fuel sales. The reduction                                                                                                     Discount rate                        Cash flows
in fuel sales did not represent a new indicator of impairment, as the expected decline in fuel volumes had                                                                                Headroom                -2pts             +2pts             -25%             +25%
                                                                                                                                                                                                £m                  £m                £m                £m               £m
already been incorporated into the Retail segment’s approved forecasts. As such, no further impairment
testing was required.                                                                                                            Home Retail Group                            a), c)            150                236                94                 36             269
                                                                                                                                 Nectar UK                                       a)           1,796              2,501             1,390              1,310           2,282
Other than fuel, changes in consumer preferences in meat fish and poultry (MFP) was identified as the risk most
                                                                                                                                 Jacksons Stores Limited                      a), b)             70                 88                58                 43              98
vulnerable to transitional risks and modelling this risk in isolation to 2030 in a 1.5°C scenario calculated a £500 million to
£600 million loss in revenue. The Group has considered what the impact that this revenue loss (if unmitigated)                   Bells Stores Limited                         a), b)             25                 29                23                 15              36
could have on the carrying value of the Group’s store assets. In doing so, a corresponding reduction in margin                   Other                                                           45                 68                31                 22              68
and therefore cash flows has been modelled. Immaterial impairment risks were identified. As such, all other
climate change-related risks do not have a material impact on the Group’s impairment considerations.                             a) Cash flows are derived from Board-approved projections for three years and then extrapolated into perpetuity with an assumed
                                                                                                                                    growth rate of 2.0 per cent.
17.3 Key assumptions and sensitivity                                                                                             b) Goodwill balances are allocated to individual store CGUs to which they relate.
Key assumptions                                                                                                                  c)   Whilst the sensitivities applied are based on management’s best estimate of what is reasonably possible, continued uncertainty
The following key assumptions are used in determining recoverable amounts where impairment testing                                    regarding the geopolitical and global supply environment, or other factors, may lead to the carrying value not being recovered in
is required:                                                                                                                          full, for example due to further unforeseen deterioration in cash flows, particularly in relation to consumer discretionary spend. A
                                                                                                                                      further increase in the downside sensitivity of 8 per cent, to a total 33 per cent reduction in the Home Retail Group cash flows,
• Short-term cash flows: derived from latest Board-approved forecasts covering a three-year forecast period                           would erode the remaining headroom thereafter resulting in impairment.
• Long-term growth rate: measured by reference to average historical GDP growth
                                                                                                                                 These sensitives are illustrative and the actual outcomes may vary by greater amounts than shown above.
• Discount rates: representing the weighted average cost of capital (WACC), calculated using the capital asset
  pricing model, the inputs of which include a 20-year average risk-free rate for the UK, a UK equity risk                       18 Other financial assets and other financial liabilities
  premium, levered debt premium and risk adjustment and an average beta for the Group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2025
• Cash flow length: where the useful economic life exceeds management’s cash flow projections, the final                                                                                       Non-                           2026                                (restated*)
                                                                                                                                                                                             current         Current          Total Non-current        Current          Total
  year is extrapolated out to the sooner of perpetuity using a terminal value and contractually committed                                                                                        £m              £m             £m          £m             £m             £m
  tenure. Properties identified for closure will be assessed by reference to the committed exit date
                                                                                                                                 At fair value through other
The discount rates and long‑term growth rates applied in the impairment testing of CGUs or groups of CGUs to                     comprehensive income
which goodwill is allocated, as well as those applied to the Group’s portfolio of store cash‑generating units, are                 Debt: other financial assets                                   117             —            117          757         1,167         1,924
set out below:                                                                                                                   At fair value through profit and loss
                                                  2026                                              2025                           Debt: other financial assets                                       12          —               12          12              —           12
                                  Pre-tax         Post-tax      Long-term            Pre-tax         Post-tax     Long-term
                             discount rate   discount rate         growth       discount rate   discount rate        growth      Total other financial assets                                    129              —           129           769         1,167         1,936
Home Retail Group                   11.7%            8.8%              2%             11.0%            8.3%              2%      At amortised cost
Nectar UK                            9.4%             7.1%             2%              9.1%            6.8%              2%       Other financial liabilities                                         —           (21)         (21)          —                —          —
Jacksons Stores Limited              9.4%             7.1%             2%              9.1%            6.8%              2%      Total other financial liabilities                                    —           (21)         (21)          —                —          —
Bells Stores Limited                 9.4%             7.1%             2%              9.1%            6.8%              2%
Other                                9.4%             7.1%             2%              9.1%            6.8%              2%      *    Refer to note 2.1 (b) for details of prior year restatements.
168    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                              Strategic Report       Governance Report      Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

19 Inventories                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025 (restated*)

                                                                                                         2026       2025                                                                         0 to 6 months     6 to 12 months     Over 1 year           Total
                                                                                                          £m         £m                                                         Not past due           past due          past due       past due
                                                                                                                                                                                         £m                 £m                £m              £m              £m
Gross finished goods                                                                                    2,072      2,039    Gross amounts
Inventory provision                                                                                       (85)       (93)   Trade receivables                                            100                27                —                 1            128
                                                                                                        1,987      1,946    Other receivables                                            183                 1                 2                9            195
                                                                                                                            Gross carrying amount -
20 Trade and other receivables                                                                                              Trade and other receivables                                  283                28                  2              10            323
                                               2026                                             2025 (restated*)            Allowance for expected credit losses                          (7)               (2)                (2)             (9)           (20)
                            Non-current         Current              Total       Non-current           Current      Total   Net carrying amount                                          276                26                —                 1            303
                                    £m              £m                 £m                £m                £m         £m
Trade receivables                      1              120            121                  —               125       125     *   At 1 March 2025, trade receivables were re‑presented from £158 million to £125 million, other receivables from £219 million to
Other receivables                     11               54             65                  27              151       178         £178 million, accrued income from £29 million to £141 million, prepayments from £208 million to £169 million, and tax receivables
Accrued income                        —               116            116                  —               141       141         from £nil to £1 million, to better reflect the nature of certain balances within these sub‑categories. The re‑presentation has no
                                                                                                                                impact on the total ‘Trade and other receivables’ balance.
Prepayments                           10              139            149                  15              154       169
Other taxes                           —                 2              2                  —                 1         1
                                                                                                                            21 Assets and liabilities of disposal group and non-current assets held
                                      22            431              453                  42              572       614
                                                                                                                            for sale
                                                                                                                            Non‑current assets classified as held for sale total £3 million and relate solely to Retail‑related assets. Proceeds
Trade and other receivables include £100 million (2025: £119 million) relating to supplier arrangements where
                                                                                                                            from disposals of non-current assets held for sale for continuing operations have been presented within
there is no right of offset. In addition, current other receivables include £10 million (2025: £85 million) of bank
                                                                                                                            proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment in the Group cash flow statement.
funds in the course of settlement.
                                                                                                                            As set out in note 11, the Group completed several disposals during its phased withdrawal from Core Banking
20.1 Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                   Business.
The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from its Retail operations is minimal owing to the customer base
being large and unrelated, with the overwhelming majority of transactions settled through cash or secure                    21.1 Assets of disposal group and non-current assets held for sale
electronic means. New parties wishing to obtain credit terms with the Group are credit checked prior to                                                                                                                                      2026           2025
invoices being raised and credit limits are determined on an individual basis.                                                                                                                                                                £m             £m
                                                                                                                            Opening balance                                                                                                 2,527             10
                                                                                   2026
                                                              0 to 6 months 6 to 12 months         Over 1 year
                                                                                                                            Classified as held for sale in the year                                                                            27          2,521
                                             Not past due           past due      past due           past due      Total    No longer classified as held for sale in the year                                                                 (19)            —
                                                      £m                 £m            £m                  £m        £m
                                                                                                                            Sold in the year                                                                                               (2,532)            (4)
Gross amounts
Trade receivables                                      115                   7             1                 2      125     Closing balance                                                                                                     3          2,527
Other receivables                                       63                   3             1                 5       72
Gross carrying amount -                                                                                                     Of which
Trade and other receivables                            178               10                2                 7      197     Assets of disposal group held for sale                                                                            —            2,512
Allowance for expected credit losses                    (4)               (1)             (1)               (5)      (11)   Non-current assets classified as held for sale                                                                     3              15
Net carrying amount                                    174                   9             1                 2      186                                                                                                                         3          2,527
169       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report     Governance Report        Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

21 Assets and liabilities of disposal group and non-current assets held                                                                       22.2 Supplier financing arrangements
for sale continued                                                                                                                            The Group has supply chain finance programmes in place for a total of £1,191 million (2025: £1,135 million). The
                                                                                                                                              programmes are funded by seven of the Group’s relationship banking partners.
21.2 Liabilities of disposal group held for sale
                                                                                                                                              The programmes act as an alternative source of financing for the suppliers, which have the option to trade their
                                                                                                                    2026              2025
                                                                                                   Note              £m                £m
                                                                                                                                              invoices with funding providers in order to receive cash earlier than the invoice due dates. The payment terms
                                                                                                                                              offered to suppliers which are party to the supply chain finance programmes are within standard supplier
Opening balance                                                                                                   (3,136)               —
                                                                                                                                              payment terms and agreed directly between the Group and the supplier.
Classified as held for sale in the year                                                                               —             (3,136)
Transfer to provisions                                                                               24               27                —     Balances outstanding under the supplier financing arrangements are classified as trade payables, and cash
                                                                                                                                              flows are included in operating cash flows, since the financing arrangements are agreed between the supplier,
Sold in the year                                                                                                   3,109                —
                                                                                                                                              the funding providers and the third-party platform providers.
Closing balance                                                                                                       —             (3,136)
                                                                                                                                              a) Carrying amount of liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2026             2025
22 Trade and other payables                                                                                                                                                                                                                         £m               £m
                                                           2026                                           2025 (restated*)                    Presented within trade and other payables                                                           1,170           1,230
                                     Non-current            Current             Total      Non-current           Current             Total    - of which is drawn under the supply chain finance programmes                                         545             693
                                             £m                 £m                £m               £m                £m                £m
Trade payables                                  —            3,830             3,830                —             3,903             3,903
Other payables                                   1             423               424                —               397               397     b) Range of payment due dates
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2026                                     2025
Accruals                                        11             650               661                 8              562               570
Deferred income                                 10             408               418                16              416               432     Liabilities that are part of
                                                                                                                                              the arrangement                                  7-90 days after invoice date               7-90 days after invoice date
Other taxes and social
security                                        —               254              254                —                211               211    Comparable trade payables that are
                                                                                                                                              not part of an arrangement                      0-120 days after invoice date           0-120 days after invoice date
                                                22           5,565             5,587                 24           5,489             5,513

                                                                                                                                     2025     23 Amounts due to Financial Services customers and other deposits
                                                                                                                    2026       (restated*)
Analysis of deferred income                                                                                          £m                £m                                                    2026                                              2025
Opening balance as previously reported                                                                               357              334                                    Non-current      Current          Total        Non-current          Current           Total
                                                                                                                                                                                     £m           £m             £m                 £m               £m              £m
Opening balance adjustment                                                                                            75               81
                                                                                                                                              Other deposits                         —              —            —                  13            1,955           1,968
Opening balance (restated*)                                                                                         432                415
                                                                                                                                                                                     —              —            —                  13            1,955           1,968
Revenue deferred                                                                                                    390                398
Revenue recognised which had previously been deferred                                                              (404)              (381)
                                                                                                                                              During the year, the Group held deposits obtained via deposit aggregators, where the underlying depositors are
Closing balance                                                                                                     418               432     retail customers, as well as deposits from wholesale counterparties. Following the announced withdrawal from
                                                                                                                                              Core Financial Services, these deposits were fully repaid during the year, and no amounts remain outstanding
£286 million (2025: £299 million) of deferred income relates to deferred Nectar points.                                                       at the year end.
*     As at 1 March 2025, other payables have been re-presented from £533 million to £397 million, accruals from £509 million to
      £570 million, deferred income from £357 million to £432 million and other taxes and social security from nil to £211 million, to        24 Provisions
      better reflect the nature of certain balances within these sub heads. There is no impact on the total ‘Trade and other payables’        Property provisions comprise onerous property contract provisions for the least net cost of exiting from the
      balance other than ‘Income taxes payable’. For the restatement of income taxes payable, refer to note 2.1 (b) for further details.
                                                                                                                                              contract and provisions for dilapidations. Utilisation is expected to be in line with the profile of the leases to
22.1 Foreign currency risk                                                                                                                    which the provisions relate.
The Group has net Euro-denominated trade payables of £99 million (2025: £93 million) and US Dollar-                                           Insurance provisions comprise liabilities in respect of outstanding insurance claims in relation to public
denominated trade payables of £151 million (2025: £140 million).                                                                              liability, employer’s liability and third-party motor. Utilisation of the provision at the balance sheet date is
                                                                                                                                              expected to be in line with the settlement of claims.
170    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report       Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

24 Provisions continued
Restructuring programme provisions comprise mainly redundancies as described in note 5.2, and for Financial Services, note 11. Restructuring provisions are expected to be utilised in the next 12 months.
Onerous contract provisions comprise onerous contracts recognised as a result of the phased withdrawal from Financial Services as described in notes 5.1 and 11. Onerous contract provisions are expected to be utilised in the
next 12 months.
Financial Services other provisions comprise contractually committed costs related to the disposal of AFS cards and potential customer redress payable arising from the historical sale of Payment Protection Insurance. Amounts
released in the current year primarily relate to off balance sheet expected credit loss provisions following the disposal of AFS cards. Other provisions are expected to be utilised in the next 12 months.
                                                                                                                                              Retail                                             Financial Services
                                                                                                                        Property      Insurance    Restructuring        Other        Onerous       Restructuring          Other
                                                                                                                       provisions     provisions    programmes      provisions      contracts       programmes        provisions           Total
                                                                                                                              £m             £m              £m            £m             £m                 £m              £m              £m
At 2 March 2025                                                                                                             105              63              64            10             95                  32             18             387
Additional provisions                                                                                                        21              24              12             1             12                   1              6              77
Transfer from liabilities held for sale                                                                         a)           —               —               —             —              —                   —              27              27
Unused amounts released                                                                                                     (39)             (7)              (5)          —              (7)                 (2)            (9)            (69)
Utilisation of provision                                                                                                    (10)            (25)            (40)           —             (69)                (14)           (30)           (188)
Amortisation of discount                                                                                                      1              —                 1           —              —                   —              —                2
At 28 February 2026                                                                                                           78             55              32            11              31                 17             12            236
Current                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     140
Non-current                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  96
At 3 March 2024                                                                                                              120             59              51            11             17                 —              22              280
Additional provisions                                                                                                          18            28              50             9             84                 36              12             237
Unused amounts released                                                                                                      (20)            —               (7)           (1)             (3)               —              (11)            (42)
Utilisation of provision                                                                                                      (14)          (24)            (31)           (9)             (3)               (4)             (1)            (86)
Amortisation of discount                                                                                                        1            —                1            —              —                  —              —                 2
Transfer to assets held for sale                                                                                              —              —              —              —              —                  —               (4)             (4)
At 1 March 2025                                                                                                              105             63              64            10             95                  32             18             387
Current                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     230
Non-current                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 157

a)	Following the disposal of Core Banking portfolios previously classified as held for sale, cost to sell provisions previously recognised within liabilities of disposal group held for sale have been transferred to other provisions.
    As at 28 February 2026, £5 million remains provided for migration and data retention costs contractually committed as part of the disposal.

24.1 Climate change considerations
The Group takes into account the potential impact of climate change on its legal and constructive obligations, such as regulations related to carbon emissions, environmental liabilities and natural disasters. The Group has
reviewed its provisions and concluded that no adjustments need to be made for climate change risks, and that no new provisions need to be recognised for climate-related matters.
171    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                       Strategic Report    Governance Report      Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

25 Called up share capital and merger reserve                                                                                26 Capital redemption and other reserves
                                                                   2026               2025             2026          2025                                                     Currency Investment       Financial                                Capital
                                                                 million            million             £m            £m                                                    translation     in own          asset   Cash flow    Total other redemption
                                                                                                                                                                                reserve     shares        reserve      hedge       reserves      reserve
Called up share capital                                                                                                                                                             £m          £m            £m          £m             £m          £m
Allotted and fully paid ordinary shares of 28 4/7p                   2,264           2,339             647           669     At 2 March 2025                                       —           (99)           22           2           (75)          21
                                                                                                                             Transfer to retained earnings                         —            —             (4)         10             6           —
                                              2026                                              2025                         Financial assets at fair value through other
                           Number     Ordinary       Share     Merger         Number     Ordinary         Share    Merger    comprehensive income                                  —            —             (1)         —             (1)          —
                          of shares     shares    premium      reserve       of shares     shares      premium     reserve
                            million        £m          £m          £m          million        £m            £m         £m    Transferred to carrying value of inventory            —            —             —           13            13           —
At the beginning of                                                                                                          Cash flow hedges effective portion of fair
the financial year          2,339         669        1,448           173       2,371          678        1,430       568     value movements                                       —            —             —          (40)          (40)          —
Allotted in respect of                                                                                                       Items reclassified from cash flow hedge
share option schemes            10           3          17            —            42          12             18       —     reserve                                               —            —             —            5              5          —
Cancellation                                                                                                                 Purchase of own shares for share schemes              —           (85)           —           —            (85)          —
of own shares                  (85)        (25)         —             —           (74)        (21)            —        —     Allotted in respect of share schemes                  —            62            —           —             62           —
Transfer to                                                                                                                  Purchase of own shares for cancellation               —          (251)           —           —           (251)          —
retained earnings               —           —           —             —           —           —               —      (395)   Cancellation of own shares                            —           251            —           —            251           25
At the end of the                                                                                                            Currency translation differences                      (1)          —             —           —              (1)         —
financial year              2,264         647        1,465           173       2,339          669        1,448        173
                                                                                                                             Deferred tax                                          —            —             —            5             5           —
During the period, 85.4 million (2025: 73.6 million) of the Company’s own shares, representing 3.77 per cent                 At 28 February 2026                                   (1)        (122)           17          (5)         (111)         46
of the called up share capital as at 28 February 2026 (3.14 per cent at 1 March 2025), were purchased, and                   At 3 March 2024                                       —            (73)         376         (28)          275         680
subsequently cancelled, for total consideration of £251 million (2025: £200 million) inclusive of £1 million                 Transfer to retained earnings                         —             —          (355)         —           (355)       (680)
(2025: £6 million) of directly attributable costs. £251 million (2025: £200 million) has been transferred from
                                                                                                                             Financial assets at fair value through other
the investment in own shares reserve to retained earnings and £25 million (2025: £21 million) of share capital
                                                                                                                             comprehensive income                                  —            —             1           —              1           —
has been transferred to the capital redemption reserve owing to the cancellation.
                                                                                                                             Transferred to carrying value of inventory            —            —            —            18            18           —
                                                                                                                             Cash flow hedges effective portion of fair
                                                                                                                             value movements                                       —            —            —            14            14           —
                                                                                                                             Items reclassified from cash flow hedge
                                                                                                                             reserve                                               —             —           —             2              2          —
                                                                                                                             Purchase of own shares for share schemes              —            (63)         —            —             (63)         —
                                                                                                                             Allotted in respect of share schemes                  —             37          —            —              37          —
                                                                                                                             Purchase of own shares for cancellation               —          (200)          —            —           (200)          —
                                                                                                                             Cancellation of own shares                            —           200           —            —            200           21
                                                                                                                             Deferred tax                                          —             —           —            (4)            (4)         —
                                                                                                                             At 1 March 2025                                       —           (99)           22           2           (75)          21

                                                                                                                             26.1 Currency translation reserve
                                                                                                                             The currency translation reserve accumulates foreign exchange differences arising on the translation of net
                                                                                                                             assets in foreign operations which are recognised in other comprehensive income. The cumulative amount is
                                                                                                                             reclassified to retained earnings when the related investment is disposed.
172    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                          Strategic Report      Governance Report       Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

26 Capital redemption and other reserves continued                                                                      appropriate risk limits and controls. The risk management policies also ensure sufficient liquidity is available
                                                                                                                        to the Group to meet foreseeable financial obligations and that cash assets are invested safely.
26.2 Investment in own shares
Represents the cost of shares in the Company held by the Employee Share Ownership Trust (ESOT) net of                   27.1 Liquidity risk
directly attributable costs for the purchase of issued, or issuance of new shares. This cost is transferred to          Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may be unable to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.
retained earnings when shares are issued by the ESOT to employees to satisfy employee share awards.
                                                                                                                        The principal operational cash flow of the Group is largely stable and predictable reflecting the low business
As detailed in note 25, £251 million (2025: £200 million) of the Company’s own shares were purchased and                risk profile of the food retail sector and the cyclical profile of the non-food retail sector. Cash flow forecasts are
subsequently cancelled during the period, and transferred from the investment in own shares reserve to                  produced to assist management in identifying future liquidity requirements. The Group’s liquidity policy sets a
retained earnings.                                                                                                      minimum funding headroom of £500 million in excess of forecast funding requirements over a rolling 12-month
                                                                                                                        time horizon. The Group manages its liquidity risk by maintaining a core of long-dated borrowings, pre-funding
Shares held by the ESOT                                                                                                 future cash flow commitments and holding contingent committed credit facilities.
                                                            2026                                 2025
                                                Market     Nominal                    Market    Nominal                 Within Financial Services, Sainsbury’s Bank monitors its liquidity position through ongoing assessment of key
                                                 Value       Value    Number           Value      Value      Number     regulatory and internal liquidity metrics, including the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), supported by
                                                   £m          £m         m              £m         £m           m
                                                                                                                        appropriate limits, controls and oversight designed to mitigate liquidity risks.
Investment in own shares                           126         10.3      36.0           102         11.2         39.3
Maximum number of shares held during                                                                                    To meet its internal limits, as well as Prudential Regulatory Authority requirements, the Bank maintains central
the period                                         146         12.0      41.9           103         11.3         39.7   bank deposits and a stock of high-quality liquid assets that can be readily monetised to meet the Bank’s
                                                                                                                        obligations.
During the period, the ESOT acquired 20.8 million of the Company’s ordinary shares via market purchase for              Encumbered assets
cash consideration of £64 million (2025: 23.9 million shares via market purchase for cash of £63 million). The
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2026              2025
disposal of 24.1 million (2025: 14.8 million) ordinary shares was by way of distribution to settle outstanding                                                                                                                            £m                £m
employee share awards. The ESOT has waived its right to receive dividends and has agreed to abstain from                Assets of the disposal group                                                                       a)              —               485
exercising its right to vote.                                                                                           Other assets                                                                                       b)              —                18
26.3 Financial asset reserve
                                                                                                                        a) During the year ended 1 March 2025, £485 million of personal loan assets (classified as Held for Sale) were pledged to the Bank of
Represents the fair value gains and losses on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.           England to facilitate funding if required. Following completion of the sale of these assets as described in note 11, there are no
                                                                                                                           remaining assets encumbered at 28 February 2026.
26.4 Cash flow hedge reserve
Represents the effective portion of gains or losses on derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow             b) Cash collateral was advanced as variation margin on centrally cleared derivatives transactions in prior years. All centrally cleared
                                                                                                                           derivatives were closed during the financial year and cash collateral advanced has been repaid.
hedges. Amounts are transferred to the balance sheet and included within the initial cost of the asset which is
being hedged, or to the income statement, as appropriate.                                                               The Group has an unsecured committed facility which consists of a £1,000 million Revolving Credit Facility as
                                                                                                                        set out in note 32.2.
26.5 Capital redemption reserve
As part of the share buy-back completed during the period (as detailed in note 25), £25 million (2025: £21 million)     As detailed in note 22.2, some suppliers have access to supply chain financing facilities, which allows these
of share capital has been transferred to the capital redemption reserve.                                                suppliers to benefit from the Group’s credit profile. The total size of the facility is £1,191 million (2025: £1,135
                                                                                                                        million) across a number of banks and platforms with an amount utilised of £545 million (2025: £693 million).
During the prior period the capital redemption reserve as at 3 March 2024 amounted to £680 million. Following           The level of utilisation is dependent on the individual supplier requirements and varies significantly over time.
approval by the High Court registered on 31 July 2024, this £680 million was reclassified as available for
distribution to shareholders in accordance with ICAEW Technical Release 02/17BL section 2.8A and as a result            Maturities below are based on the contractual undiscounted cash flows or an estimate of cash flows in respect
was transferred to retained earnings.                                                                                   of floating interest rate liabilities.

27 Financial risk management
The principal financial risks faced by the Group relate to liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk (foreign currency
risk, interest rate risk and commodity risk) and capital risk.
Financial risks are managed by a central treasury department in accordance with policies and guidelines which
are reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. The risk management policies are designed to limit
potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance by identifying financial exposures and setting
173       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report        Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

27 Financial risk management continued                                                                                                     a) Maturity of non-derivative financial liabilities in respect of lease liabilities is set out in note 15.1.

27.1 Liquidity risk continued                                                                                                              b) Cash flows relating to debt and swaps linked to inflation rates have been calculated using an RPI of 3.6 per cent for the year ended
                                                                                                                                              28 February 2026, 3.8 per cent for the year ending 27 February 2027 and 3.8 per cent for future years (2025: RPI of 4.9 per cent for the
Maturity of financial liabilities – undiscounted                                                                                              year ended 1 March 2025, 3.6 per cent for the year ending 28 February 2026 and 3.6 per cent for future years).
                                                                                                       2026
                                                                                                                                           c)   Cash flows in foreign currencies have been translated using year-end spot rates.
                                                                           Less than     1 to 2         2 to 5 More than
                                                                              1 year     years          years    5 years         Total     d) Liabilities of the disposal group comprise retail deposit portfolios previously classified within amounts due to Financial Services
                                                                                 £m         £m             £m        £m            £m         customers and banks. Following the agreement to sell related liabilities to NatWest, as outlined further in note 11, financial
Non-derivative financial liabilities                                  a)                                                                      liabilities were reclassified as held for sale.

    Secured loan: Loan due 2031                                       b)        (91)      (94)           (254)          (10)     (449)     e)   Cash flows relating to amounts due to Sainsbury’s Bank customers and banks are calculated using contractual terms and interest
                                                                                                                                                rates for fixed rate instruments. Where balances are contractually repayable on demand, behavioural assumptions are applied to
    Bank overdraft                                                               (1)       —               —             —          (1)         estimate the interest payable on those balances. These are shown as due within one year. For the year ended 1 March 2025, retail
    Trade and other payables                                                (4,534)        —               —             —     (4,534)          deposits were classified as held for sale. Amounts reported comprise deposits obtained via deposit aggregators where the ultimate
    Other financial liabilities                                                 (21)       —               —             —         (21)         depositors are retail customers.

    Tier 2 subordinated debt                                                    (13)     (133)             —             —       (146)     f)   Under IAS 39 rules for macro portfolio hedging, some of the Bank’s hedging derivatives do not qualify, or prove too onerous, to be
                                                                                                                                                designated into an effective hedged relationship. In those instances, the interest rate swaps are viewed as trading derivatives
    Unsecured bond                                                             (30)       (30)           (333)        (368)       (761)
                                                                                                                                                under IFRS 9 with any movements in fair value recognised in the income statement, without offset.
Derivative contracts – gross settled
 Foreign exchange forwards – outflow                                  c)     (1,225)     (164)             —            —      (1,389)     27.2 Credit risk
                                                                                                                                           a) Retail credit risk management
    Foreign exchange forwards – inflow                                c)      1,212       164              —            —       1,376
                                                                                                                                           Counterparty credit risk is the risk of a financial loss arising from counterparty default or non-performance in
    Commodity contracts – outflow                                               (19)      (20)            (40)        (125)      (204)
                                                                                                                                           respect of the Group’s holdings of cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial assets, deposits with banks,
    Commodity contracts – inflow                                                 26        23              44          117        210
                                                                                                                                           investments in marketable securities, trade and other receivables and loans and advances to customers.
                                                                                                  2025 (restated*)                         b) Financial Services retail credit risk management
                                                                           Less than     1 to 2          2 to 5   More than
                                                                              1 year     years           years      5 years      Total     Within Financial Services, retail credit risk is the possibility of losses arising from a retail customer failing to
                                                                                 £m        £m               £m          £m         £m      meet their agreed repayment terms as they fall due. The Financial Services division utilises automated
Non-derivative financial liabilities                                  a)                                                                   scorecards to assess the creditworthiness and affordability criteria of new applicants and ongoing behavioural
                                                                                                                                           characteristics of existing customers. The outcome from all scorecard models is monitored utilising a set of
 Secured loan: Loan due 2031                                          b)         (87)       (91)         (292)         (65)       (535)
                                                                                                                                           credit quality metrics to ensure actual performance is in line with agreed expectations. Additional expert
 Bank overdraft                                                                    (1)      —              —            —            (1)
                                                                                                                                           underwriting of credit applications is undertaken by a specialist operational team where further consideration
 Trade and other payables                                                    (4,507)        —              —            —      (4,507)     is appropriate.
 Liabilities of the disposal group                                    d)      (3,158)      (47)           (66)          —       (3,271)
                                                                                                                                           Throughout the year, the Bank’s retail credit risk exposures have decreased as balances have matured or been sold.
 Amounts due to Financial Services customers
                                                                                                                                           At the reporting date, the Bank is not exposed to retail credit risk and all balances are nil following the completion
  and banks                                                           e)     (1,994)        (5)             (9)         —      (2,008)
                                                                                                                                           of sales, described in note 11. As a result, the Retail Credit Risk Committee of Sainsbury’s Bank previously in place to
  Tier 2 subordinated debt                                                       (13)      (13)           (133)         —        (159)
                                                                                                                                           govern these risks has evolved to more holistic risk management oversight by management.
  Unsecured bond                                                                 (29)      (30)            (89)       (641)      (789)
Derivative contracts – net settled
  Other interest rate swaps – Sainsbury’s Bank                        f)          (1)       (2)             (4)         —           (7)
Derivative contracts – gross settled
 Foreign exchange forwards – outflow                                  c)     (1,045)      (174)             —           —       (1,219)
 Foreign exchange forwards – inflow                                   c)      1,041        174              —           —        1,215
 Commodity contracts – outflow                                                   (23)      (19)            (45)       (132)       (219)
 Commodity contracts – inflow                                                     33        27              55         138         253

*     Refer to note 2.1 (b) for details of prior year restatements.
174       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                  Strategic Report     Governance Report       Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

27 Financial risk management continued                                                                               As the Financial Services division is not exposed to retail credit risk at the reporting date following the sale of
                                                                                                                     assets held for sale as described in note 11, tables previously presented covering credit quality, staging or
27.2 Credit risk continued                                                                                           forbearance arrangements have not been included for prior year comparatives. These can be found in the Annual
c) Wholesale and derivative credit risk management                                                                   report and financial statements for the year ended 1 March 2025 as found on the Investors page of the website:
The Group (excluding Financial Services) sets counterparty limits for each of its banking and investment             https://www.about.sainsburys.co.uk/investors/results-reports-and-presentations/results-reports-and-presentations.
counterparties based on their credit ratings and credit default swap pricing. The minimum long-term credit rating
accepted by the Group is BBB- (Standard & Poor’s and Fitch) or Baa3 (Moody’s) or, in the case of Sterling            27.3 Market risk
liquidity funds, AAA or Aaa/MR1+ from Moody’s. In the event of a split credit rating, the lower rating applies.      The Group uses forward contracts to hedge foreign exchange and commodity exposures, and interest rate swap
                                                                                                                     contracts to hedge interest rate exposures. The use of financial derivatives is governed by Board-approved
                                                                                                             2025
                                                                           Long-term          2026     (restated*)   policies which prohibit the use of derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
Counterparty                                                               rating              £m              £m
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                            a) Foreign currency risk
Financial institutions – Money market funds                           a)   AAA/Aaa            466            239     Currency risk is the risk of increased costs arising from unexpected movements in exchange rates impacting
Financial institutions – Other investment securities                       —                   —             360     the Group’s foreign currency-denominated supply contracts.
Financial institutions – Short term deposits                               —                   —             141     The Group’s currency risk policy seeks to limit the impact of fluctuating exchange rates on the Group’s income
Deposits at central banks                                                  AA/Aa3             334          1,043     statement by requiring a significant proportion of highly probable foreign currency cash flows to be hedged.
Derivative financial assets                                                                                          Highly probable foreign currency cash flows, which may be either contracted or uncontracted, are hedged on a
                                                                                                                     layered basis largely using foreign currency forward contracts.
Interest rate swaps                                                        AA+/Aa1 to A/A2      4               5
Foreign exchange forward contracts                                         AA+/Aa1 to A/A2      5              13    The Group has exposure to currency risk on balances held in foreign currency-denominated bank accounts and
Commodity forward contracts                                                AA+/Aa1 to A/A2      3               3    any unhedged foreign currency cash flow commitments.
                                                                                                                     A 10 per cent movement in exchange rates against Pound Sterling is considered a reasonable measure of volatility.
*     Refer to note 2.1 (b) for details of prior year restatements.
a) Excludes bank balances, store cash and cash in transit.                                                           Impact of change in exchange rate (all other variables held constant)
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2026                          2025 (restated*)
d) Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                                                                                                                                        Impact on                           Impact on
                                                                                                             2025                                                                           Impact         cash flow         Impact on         cash flow
                                                                                              2026     (restated*)                                                                      on post tax           hedge            post tax           hedge
Credit exposure                                                                                £m              £m                                                                            profits         reserve            profits          reserve
                                                                                                                                                                                            +/- 10%          +/- 10%            +/- 10%          +/- 10%
On balance sheet items                                                                                               Group                                                                       £m               £m                 £m               £m
Assets of the disposal group                                                                    —          2,512     USD / GBP                                                                1 /(1)        (97)/87                 1/(1)       (89)/85
Cash and balances with central banks                                                         1,067         2,222     EUR / GBP                                                                1 /(2)        (40)/50                 1/(1)       (25)/44
Derivative financial instruments (excludes level 3 instruments)                                 12            21
Other financial assets                                                                         129         1,936     *   Comparative amounts have been re‑presented to align with the methodology applied in the current year. As a result, the impact on
                                                                                                                         post‑tax profits for EUR has been re‑presented from nil to 1/(1). The impact on the cash flow hedge reserve has been re‑presented
Trade and other receivables                                                                    297           435         for USD from (78)/96 to (89)/85 and for EUR from (31)/38 to (25)/44.
                                                                                             1,505          7,126
                                                                                                                     Financial Services
*     Refer to note 2.1 (b) for details of prior year restatements.                                                  The Bank was exposed to foreign exchange risk through its holding of cash denominated in foreign currencies,
                                                                                                                     primarily Euro and US Dollar, within its travel money bureaux in Sainsbury’s stores and its currency dispensing
The exposures are shown gross, before the effect of mitigation through the use of collateral agreements.             ATMs. Following the sale of these business lines as described in note 11, the bank is no longer exposed to
At the prior year reporting date, assets of the disposal group comprised Sainsbury’s Bank plc’s personal loans       foreign exchange risk.
and credit card portfolios, AFS’s monthly payment plan portfolio and a small residual AFS card portfolio which
fell out of perimeter of the sale to NewDay Group.
175    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                      Strategic Report   Governance Report      Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

27 Financial risk management continued                                                                                                                                                                        2025 (restated*)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Variable
27.3 Market risk continued                                                                                                                                                                       Fixed       Floating         capped           Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                   £m             £m              £m             £m
b) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk of increased costs or lower income arising from unexpected movements in interest     Other financial assets at fair value through other
rates and inflation rates impacting the Group’s borrowing and investment portfolios. The Group’s interest rate      comprehensive income                                                        1,293            631              —           1,924
policy seeks to limit the impact of fluctuating interest and inflation rates by maintaining a diversified mix of    Other financial assets at fair value through profit
fixed rate, floating rate and variable capped rate liabilities.                                                     and loss                                                                       —              12               —              12
                                                                                                                    Assets of the disposal group                                                1,506          1,006               —          2,512
Interest on financial instruments is classified as fixed rate if interest re-sets on the borrowings are less
                                                                                                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                     707          1,515               —          2,222
frequent than once every 12 months. Interest on financial instruments is classified as floating rate if interest
re-sets on the borrowings occur every 12 months or more frequently. Floating rate instruments are considered        Bank overdraft                                                                 —               (1)             —              (1)
variable capped rate if the nominal interest rate is subject to a cap.                                              Borrowings                                                                   (674)            —              (447)        (1,121)
                                                                                                                    Liabilities of the disposal group                                            (715)        (2,393)              —         (3,108)
Mix of financial assets and liabilities                                                                             Amounts due to Financial Services customers
                                                                                    2026
                                                                                                                    and banks                                                                  (1,968)            —               —          (1,968)
                                                                                           Variable
                                                                     Fixed   Floating       capped         Total    Derivative effect:                                                                                                           —
                                                                       £m         £m            £m           £m
                                                                                                                      Interest rate swaps                                                        (703)          703                —             —
Other financial assets at fair value through other                                                                    Inflation-linked swaps                                                     (281)           —                281            —
comprehensive income                                                  117         —             —           117
                                                                                                                                                                                                 (835)         1,473             (166)          472
Other financial assets at fair value through profit
and loss                                                               —         12            —             12     *   Refer to note 2.1 (b) for details of prior year restatements.
Cash and cash equivalents                                             263       804            —          1,067
Bank overdraft                                                         —          (1)          —              (1)   Cash flow sensitivity for floating rate instruments
Borrowings                                                           (681)       —           (386)       (1,067)    The Group considers that a 100 basis point movement in interest rates is a reasonable measure of volatility;
Derivative effect:                                                                                                  however, the sensitivity to such a change is not significant.
  Interest rate swaps                                                 220       (220)           —            —      Cash flow sensitivity for variable capped rate liabilities
  Inflation-linked swaps                                             (411)        —            411           —      The Group considers that a 100 basis point movement in the RPI rate is a reasonable measure of volatility;
                                                                     (492)      595             25          128     however, the sensitivity to such a change is not significant.

                                                                                                                    Financial Services
                                                                                                                    Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (IRRBB) arises from interest rate movements which impact the present
                                                                                                                    value and timing of future cash flows resulting in changes in the underlying value of a bank’s assets and
                                                                                                                    liabilities and hence its economic value.
                                                                                                                    Interest risk exposure is actively managed within limits that are aligned with the Bank’s risk appetite by using
                                                                                                                    financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and by taking into account natural hedges between assets
                                                                                                                    and liabilities with similar repricing characteristics. Hedging strategies are implemented and reviewed to
                                                                                                                    ensure the Bank remains within its limits.
                                                                                                                    c) Commodity risk
                                                                                                                    Commodity risk is the risk of increased costs arising from unexpected movements in commodity prices
                                                                                                                    impacting the Group’s own use consumption of electricity, gas and diesel. The Group hedges own use
                                                                                                                    consumption of electricity and gas with forward purchases under flexible purchasing arrangements with its
                                                                                                                    suppliers as well as Power Purchase agreements for electricity. The Group uses a combination of purchasing
                                                                                                                    agreements and financial derivatives to hedge fuel exposures on a layered basis using contracts for difference.
                                                                                                                    See note 29 for derivative disclosures.
176    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                         Strategic Report    Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

27 Financial risk management continued                                                                              On 8 July 2025, the High Court of Justice (Business and Property Courts of England and Wales Companies Court)
                                                                                                                    approved a reduction of the ordinary share capital of the Bank from £701 million to £1 million, having
27.4 Capital risk management                                                                                        previously been resolved on and effected by a Special Resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Bank held
The Group defines capital as total equity plus net debt.                                                            on 22 May 2025. The reduction became effective on 10 July 2025 upon registration of the court order with
                                                                                                                    Companies House and resulted in an equal and opposite increase to retained earnings. The Bank subsequently
The Board’s capital objective is to maintain a strong and efficient capital base to support the Group’s strategic
                                                                                                                    paid £400 million (2025: £nil) of dividends during the year.
objectives, provide optimal returns for shareholders and safeguard the Group’s status as a going concern. There
has been no change to capital risk management policies during the year.                                             b) Leverage ratio (unaudited)
The Board monitors a broad range of financial metrics including return on capital employed, balance sheet           The leverage ratio is defined as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to adjusted assets, which is presented in the table
gearing and fixed charge cover.                                                                                     below for the financial year for Sainsbury’s Bank on a standalone basis following expiry of the individual
                                                                                                                    consolidation waiver mentioned above. The prior financial year is presented on a regulatory consolidated basis
The Board can manage the Group’s capital structure by diversifying the debt portfolio, adjusting the size and
                                                                                                                    (Bank and Home Retail Group Card Services Limited). The denominator represents the total non-risk weighted
timing of dividends paid to shareholders, recycling capital through sale and leaseback transactions, issuing
                                                                                                                    assets adjusted for certain off balance sheet exposures, assets and regulatory. The leverage ratio is calculated
new shares or repurchasing shares in the open market and flexing capital expenditure.
                                                                                                                    below on the UK basis which allows central bank assets to be excluded from the leverage exposures. The Bank’s
From time to time, the ESOT may purchase shares in the Company from the open market for the purpose of              leverage ratio of 151.5 per cent is well in excess of the minimum Basel leverage ratio of 3.0 per cent.
satisfying awards under the Group’s employee share plans.                                                                                                                                                          2026           2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Full Impact    Full Impact
The Revolving Credit Facility has a single repeating financial covenant. Part of the Group’s capital risk                                                                                                           £m             £m
management is to ensure compliance with both the financial and general covenants included within the                Components of the leverage ratio
Group’s borrowing facilities. Examples of general covenants include restrictions on the permitted value of asset
                                                                                                                    Total assets as per published financial statements (Sainsbury’s Bank plc
disposals and incremental indebtedness. In addition to there being no breaches in the year of financial and
                                                                                                                    consolidated group)                                                                            484          6,400
general covenants, there is healthy headroom against all covenants as at 28 February 2026.
                                                                                                                    Movement on consolidation of subsidiary undertakings                                             —           (209)
a) Financial Services capital resources (unaudited)                                                                 Exposure value for derivatives and securities financing transactions                             —               7
Regulatory capital is calculated under the Capital Requirements Regulations and Capital Requirements                Off balance sheet exposures: unconditionally cancellable (10%)                                   —             411
Directive (collectively known as CRD IV). The Bank previously obtained an individual consolidation waiver from      Other adjustments                                                                                 1            (13)
the PRA, which allowed the Bank to monitor its capital position on a consolidated basis (Bank and Home Retail       Central Bank claims                                                                            (333)       (1,043)
Group Card Services Limited). The prior year comparative capital position set out below is on a regulatory
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   152          5,553
consolidated basis. Following the individual consolidation waiver expiry during the financial year, the capital
position for 2026 is presented for Sainsbury’s Bank on a standalone basis.                                          Tier 1 capital                                                                                 230            641

Regulatory capital resources under CRD IV                                                                           Leverage ratio                                                                             151.5%           11.5%
                                                                                              2026           2025
                                                                                       Full Impact    Full Impact
                                                                                               £m             £m
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital:
 Ordinary share capital                                                                         1            701
 Allowable reserves                                                                          230             (51)
 Regulatory adjustments                                                                        (1)            (9)
Tier 1 capital                                                                               230            641
Tier 2 capital (loan notes - listed)                                                           3             64
Total capital                                                                                 233           705
177       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report       Governance Report          Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

28 Financial instruments
The Group recognises the following financial instruments on its balance sheet.

                                                                                                                                                  2026                                                                             2025 (restated*)
                                                                                                                                                            At fair value                                                                         At fair value
                                                                                                                                      At fair value       through other                                                     At fair value       through other
                                                                                                                At amortised        through profit       comprehensive                                At amortised        through profit       comprehensive
                                                                                                                        cost                or loss              income                 Total                 cost                or loss              income                  Total
                                                                                                    Note                 £m                     £m                    £m                  £m                   £m                     £m                    £m                   £m
Financial assets
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           30                  601                 466                     —                1,067                 1,623                   239                  360                 2,222
  Trade and other receivables                                                                                             297                  —                      —                  297                   435                    —                    —                    435
  Other financial assets                                                                              18                   —                   12                    117                 129                    —                     12                1,924                 1,936
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                    29                   —                   25                     —                   25                    —                     50                   —                     50
                                                                                                                         898                   503                   117               1,518                 2,058                   301                2,284                 4,643
Financial liabilities
  Trade and other payables                                                                                            (4,534)                   —                     —               (4,534)               (4,507)                   —                    —                 (4,507)
  Borrowings                                                                                          32               (1,061)                  —                     —                (1,061)               (1,114)                  —                    —                  (1,114)
  Other financial liabilities                                                                         18                   (21)                 —                     —                    (21)                  —                    —                    —                      —
  Amounts due to Financial Services customers and banks                                               23                    —                   —                     —                     —               (1,968)                   —                    —                 (1,968)
  Lease liabilities                                                                                   15              (5,540)                   —                     —               (5,540)               (5,494)                   —                    —                 (5,494)
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                    29                    —                  (23)                   —                   (23)                   —                   (26)                  —                     (26)
                                                                                                                      (11,156)                 (23)                   —              (11,179)              (13,083)                  (26)                  —                (13,109)

*     Comparative cash and cash equivalents measured at amortised cost has been re-presented from £2,777 million to £1,623 million, to better reflect the nature of the balances of money market funds as measured at fair value through profit or loss of £239 million, and other
      investment securities as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income of £360 million. Comparative trade and other payables have been restated from £(4,945) million to £(4,507) million to exclude balances relating to employer rights and obligations arising
      from employee benefits, contract liabilities, and amounts payable in respect of taxes and social security contributions. Comparative trade and other receivables have been restated from £377 million to £435 million to exclude balances that do not meet the definition of a
      financial asset. Derivative financial instruments have been re-presented to separately present the gross asset and liability amounts. For the restatement of cash and cash equivalents, refer to note 2.1 (b) for details of prior year restatements.

The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are recognised at fair value, grouped into Levels 1 to 3 based on the degree to which the fair value is observable:
• Level 1: fair value measurements are derived from quoted market prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the balance sheet date. This level includes listed equity securities, debt instrument on
  public exchanges and money market funds
• Level 2: fair value measurements are derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). The fair
  value of financial instruments is determined by discounting expected cash flows at prevailing interest rates
• Level 3: fair value measurements are derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs)
178       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report    Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

28 Financial instruments continued                                                                                                                     28.3 Level 3 financial assets
28.1 Fair value estimation of amounts held at amortised cost                                                                                           a) Power Purchase agreements
The fair values of financial assets and liabilities are based on prices available from the market on which the                                         The Group has entered into several long-term fixed and CPI-linked price Power Purchase agreements with
instruments are traded. Where market values are not available, the fair values of financial assets and liabilities                                     independent producers, and values its Power Purchase agreements as the net present value of the estimated
have been calculated by discounting expected future cash flows at prevailing interest rates. The fair values of                                        future usage at the contracted fixed price less the market implied forward energy price discounted at the
cash and cash equivalents, short-term deposits, trade receivables and trade payables, other receivables and                                            prevailing swap rate.
other payables, accruals, overdrafts and lease liabilities are assumed to approximate to their book values.                                            All Power Purchase agreements are physical arrangements. Arrangements designated in hedging relationships
                                                                                           2026                                 2025                   are classified as hedging instruments, whereas those not designated in hedging relationships are not classified
                                                                                 Carrying                               Carrying                       as hedging instruments. The credit risk exposure associated with the Power Purchase agreements is
                                                                                  amount           Fair value            amount           Fair value   considered immaterial.
                                                                Level                 £m                  £m                 £m                  £m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Commodity derivative values
Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2026            2025
  Loans due 2031                                                      2             (386)               (377)              (447)              (440)                                                                                                    £m              £m
  Unsecured bond                                                      1             (556)               (567)              (550)               (552)   At beginning of financial year                                                                  29                9
  Tier 2 Capital due 2028                                             1              (125)              (135)               (124)              (142)   Charged to income statement - cost of sales                                                      (7)              2
  Amounts due to Financial Services                                                                                                                   Charged to other comprehensive income                                                           (11)             18
   customers and other banks                                          2                —                  —               (1,968)           (1,990)
                                                                                                                                                       At end of financial year                                                                         11              29
28.2 Fair value measurements recognised in the balance sheet
                                                                                                                                                       b) Sensitivity of Power Purchase agreement derivatives
                                                                            2026                                      2025 (restated*)
                                                                                                                                                       The Group makes an assumption regarding expected energy output based on the historical performance and
                                                      Level 1     Level 2        Level 3      Total       Level 1     Level 2   Level 3       Total    the producer’s estimate of expected electricity output. The sensitivity of this is shown below:
                                                         £m          £m             £m          £m           £m          £m        £m           £m
Financial instruments at fair value                                                                                                                                                                                        2026                           2025
through other comprehensive income                                                                                                                                                                                Change in       Change in      Change in       Change in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     output         forward         output         forward
  Cash and cash equivalents                                —              —          —             —         350         10         —          360                                                                  volume           pricing       volume           pricing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   +/-20.0%        +/-20.0%       +/-20.0%        +/-20.0%
  Other financial assets                                  117             —          —            117      1,754        170         —        1,924                                                                       £m              £m             £m              £m
Financial instruments at fair value                                                                                                                    Not in a hedge relationship                                      1/(1)         4/(4)           2/(2)           7/(7)
through profit and loss                                                                                                                                Designated in a cash flow hedge relationship                     2/(2)       27/(27)           4/(4)         31/(31)
  Cash and cash equivalents                              466               —         —        466               239       —         —          239
  Other financial assets                                  12               —         —          12               12       —         —           12
Derivative financial assets                               —                12        13         25               —        21        29          50
Derivative financial liabilities                          —               (21)       (2)       (23)              —       (26)       —          (26)

*     Refer to note 2.1 (b) for details of prior year restatements.


There have been no transfers over the reported period between levels 1, 2 and 3
179    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                Strategic Report        Governance Report          Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

28 Financial instruments continued                                                                                                                                                                                   2025 (restated*)
28.3 Level 3 financial assets continued                                                                                                                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               subject to              Cash
c) Offsetting financial instruments                                                                                                                                                  Gross                            Net        master           collateral
                                                                                                                                                                                  amounts         Amounts        amounts         netting           pledged           Net
Financial assets and liabilities are offset, and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet when there is a                                                                recognised          offset     recognised    agreements         (not offset)     amounts
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or                                                                       £m              £m             £m             £m                 £m           £m
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent          Assets
on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default,                    Derivative financial assets                                    50              —             50              (10)              —             40
insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.                                                              Trade and other receivables                                   461             (26)          435              —                 —            435
The following table sets out the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are subject to                   Cash and cash equivalents                                   2,222              —          2,222              —                 —          2,222
counterparty offsetting or a master netting agreement. The master netting agreements regulate settlement                                                                              2,733             (26)        2,707              (10)              —          2,697
amounts in the event a party defaults on their obligations.
                                                                                                                         Liabilities
Financial assets and financial liabilities subject to counterparty offsetting or a master netting agreement                Derivative financial liabilities                             (26)            —             (26)              10               18             2
                                                                                2026                                       Trade and other payables                                  (4,533)            26         (4,507)              —                —         (4,507)
                                                                                    Amounts                                                                                         (4,559)              26        (4,533)              10               18        (4,505)
                                                                                   subject to        Cash
                                              Gross                     Net          master     collateral
                                           amounts      Amounts    amounts           netting pledged (not        Net     *   At 1 March 2025, derivative financial assets have been re‑presented from £nil to (£10 million) and derivative financial liabilities from £nil to
                                         recognised       offset recognised      agreements        offset)   amounts
                                                £m           £m         £m               £m            £m        £m          £10 million to reflect the application of the master netting agreement for the Group’s derivative contracts.

Assets                                                                                                                   The Financial Services segment previously held derivatives that are governed by the International Swaps and
 Derivative financial assets                     25           —          25              (13)          —          12     Derivatives Association (ISDA) and their associated credit support annex bilateral agreements where, if the fair
 Trade and other receivables                    320          (23)       297               —            —         297     value exceeds a pre-agreed level, cash collateral is posted. During the year, the Financial Services segment
 Cash and cash equivalents                    1,067           —       1,067               —            —       1,067     ceased the use of all derivative financial instruments resulting in no collateral being pledged/provided at the
                                                                                                                         reporting date (2025: £18 million).
                                              1,412          (23)     1,389              (13)          —       1,376
                                                                                                                         The Group also operates a cash pooling arrangement and collective net overdraft facility with its main clearing
Liabilities
                                                                                                                         bank. The Group had a net overdraft of £1 million (2025: £1 million) under this facility.
  Derivative financial liabilities              (23)          —          (23)            13            —          (10)
  Trade and other payables                   (4,557)          23     (4,534)             —             —      (4,534)
                                             (4,580)          23     (4,557)             13            —     (4,544)
180     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                       Strategic Report      Governance Report       Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

29 Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
Effects of hedge accounting on the Group’s financial position and performance:
                                                                                                                    2026                                                                         2025
                                                                                                   Asset                             Liability                             Asset                                    Liability
                                                                                           Fair value        Notional         Fair value         Notional          Fair value           Notional           Fair value             Notional
                                                                                                  £m              £m                 £m               £m                  £m                 £m                   £m                   £m
Fair value hedges
 Interest rate swaps                                                                               4             220                 —                —                    1                  120                   —                  —
Cash flow hedges
 Inflation rate swaps                                                                             —               —                  —               411                 —                     —                    —                 281
 Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                                5             545                (19)             832                 13                   590                   (13)              616
 Commodity contracts                                                                               3              37                 (2)              26                  3                    26                    (5)               45
 Power Purchase contractsa)                                                                       10               9                 (2)               6                 20                    14                   —                  —
Derivatives not in a formal hedging relationship
 Interest rate swaps                                                                              —                —                 —                —                  4                    510                   (8)               780
 Cross-currency swaps                                                                             —                —                 —                —                  —                     14                   —                   6
 Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                               —                —                 —                —                  —                     —                    —                   2
 Power Purchase contractsa)                                                                        3               8                 —                —                   9                    11                   —                  —
Total                                                                                             25             819                (23)           1,275                 50                  1,285               (26)               1,730

a)	The notional value of the Power Purchase contracts is based on annual generation.

a) Cash flow hedges
There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the terms of the interest rate swaps, foreign exchange and commodity forward contracts match the terms of the expected highly
probable forecast transactions (i.e. notional amount and expected payment date). The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the underlying risk of the foreign exchange and commodity
forward contracts is identical to the hedged risk components. To test the hedge effectiveness, the Group uses the hypothetical derivative method and compares the changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments against
the changes in fair value of the hedged items attributable to the hedged risks.
Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:
•   Differences in the timing of the cash flows of the hedged items and the hedging instruments
•   Different indexes (and accordingly different curves) linked to the hedged risk of the hedged items and hedging instruments
•   The counterparties’ credit risk impacting the fair value movements of the hedging instrument compared to the hedged items
•   Changes to the forecasted cash flows of hedged items
181    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                             Strategic Report         Governance Report       Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

29 Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting continued                                                                   Analysis of fair value movements in cash flow hedge reserve by risk category
a) Cash flow hedges continued                                                                                                                                                                                               2026
The maturity profile and average price/rate of the hedging instruments used in the Group’s non-dynamic                                                                                                Movements                          Reallocation
                                                                                                                                                                                                      recognised            Amounts            within
hedging strategies of interest rate risk were as follows:                                                                                                                                  Opening         in OCI        reclassified        reserves      Closing
                                                                                                                                                          Reclassification recognised in       £m             £m                  £m              £m           £m
Maturity profile of instruments used in non-dynamic hedging strategies of interest rate risk:                                        Foreign exchange     Inventory and income
                                                                         2026                                   2025                 forward contracts    statement                            —             (27)                  16              —           (11)
                                                                                   Average                               Average     Commodity
                                                               Notional             interest           Notional           interest
                                                                amount             received            amount            received    contracts            Cost of sales                         (2)               (2)               4              —           —
                                                                    £m                    %                 £m                  %
                                                                                                                                     Power Purchase
Less than 1 month                                                      —                —                   —                 —      Agreements           Cost of sales                         20            (11)                 (2)             —             7
1 - 3 months                                                          155           3.62%                   —                 —      Tax                                                       (16)             5                  —               10           (1)
3 months - 1 year                                                      —                —                   —                 —
                                                                                                                                                                                                 2           (35)                  18              10          (5)
1 - 5 years                                                           256           3.62%                  281             4.91%
More than 5 years                                                      —                —                   —                 —                                                                                             2025

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Movements                           Reallocation
Impact of change in value of hedged items on cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                                                                  recognised           Amounts              within
                                                                                                                                                                                           Opening         in OCI        reclassified         reserves     Closing
                                                        2026                                             2025                                             Reclassification recognised in       £m             £m                  £m               £m          £m
                                                                     Cumulative                                        Cumulative    Foreign exchange     Inventory and income
                                                                      impact on                                         impact on    forward contracts    statement                            (19)                1               18              —           —
                                                                       cash flow                                         cash flow
                                           Hedged      Hedging            hedge           Hedged          Hedging           hedge    Commodity
                                             item   instrument           reserve            item       instrument          reserve
                                               £m          £m                 £m              £m              £m               £m    contracts            Cost of sales                        —                  (5)               3              —            (2)
Cash flow hedges                                                                                                                     Power Purchase
Foreign exchange forward contracts             27           (27)            (11)                 (1)             1             —     Agreements           Cost of sales                          3                18               (1)             —           20
Commodity contracts                             2             (2)           —                     5             (5)            (2)   Tax                                                       (12)               (4)              —               —          (16)
Power Purchase Agreements                      11            (11)             7                (18)             18             20                                                              (28)               10               20              —            2

There are no amounts remaining in the hedging reserve for which hedge accounting is no longer applied.                               b) Fair value hedges
                                                                                                                                     During the year ended 28 February 2026, the Group entered into £220 million of interest rate swap derivatives
                                                                                                                                     to hedge a portion of the interest rate risk arising from its fixed rate debt issuance. In the prior years within the
                                                                                                                                     Financial Services business, interest rate swaps were executed to hedge interest rate risk arising from its fixed
                                                                                                                                     rate debt issuance. The cash flows under the hedging instruments substantially match the cash flow profile of
                                                                                                                                     the hedged items. The changes in fair value of the derivatives offset changes in the fair value of the hedged
                                                                                                                                     items through the income statement, with any ineffective portion also being recognised in the income
                                                                                                                                     statement.
                                                                                                                                     The main source of ineffectiveness within the micro hedge relationships relates to the floating leg valuation
                                                                                                                                     changes inherent within the hedging instrument that do not exist within the hedged item.
                                                                                                                                     During year ended 28 February 2026, the Financial Services segment closed its interest rate swap derivative to
                                                                                                                                     hedge interest rate risk for its fixed rate debt issuance.
182     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report       Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

29 Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting continued                                                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Carrying amount
b) Fair value hedges continued                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Change in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fair value used
Maturity profile of instruments used in non-dynamic hedging strategies of interest rate risk                                                                                                                  Notional                                              for measuring
                                                                                                                                                                                                              amount              Assets        Liabilities       ineffectiveness
                                                                            2026                                2025                    Line item in financial statements           Hedged Item                    £m                £m                £m                      £m
                                                                                    Average                               Average       Derivative financial liabilities            Tier 2 capital                 120                  1              —                        1
                                                                   Notional          interest          Notional            interest
                                                                    amount          received           amount             received
                                                                        £m                 %                £m                   %
                                                                                                                                        Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in cost of sales
Less than 1 month                                                       —                  —                 —                 —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2026               2025
1 - 3 months                                                            —                  —                 —                 —        Change in value for calculating hedge ineffectiveness                                                             £m                 £m
3 months - 1 year                                                       —                  —                 —                 —        Hedged items                                                                                                          4                (2)
1 - 5 years                                                            100             5.13%                120           10.50%        Hedging instruments                                                                                                   1                 1
More than 5 years                                                      120             5.63%                 —                 —                                                                                                                              5                (1)

Impact of hedged items (all via interest rate swaps) on financial statements                                                            c) Derivatives not in a hedge relationship
                                                                                   2026                                                 Some of the Group’s derivative contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting and are therefore not designated in a
                                                                                     Change in                                          hedging relationship. In addition, where gains or losses on a derivative contract economically offset the gains or
                                                                               fair value used             Cumulative fair
                                                                                for measuring          value hedge adjustments          losses on an underlying transaction, the derivative is not designated as being in a hedging relationship.
                                                Carrying amount               ineffectiveness        included in carrying amount
                                                Assets      Liabilities                                   Assets         Liabilities    The Group has entered into several long-term fixed and CPI-linked price Power Purchase agreements with
Line item in financial statements                  £m               £m                      £m               £m                  £m     independent producers and certain contracts apply a CPI uplift to the fixed price, as detailed in note 28, of which £3
Borrowings                                           —             (678)                     3                  —                  4    million (2025: £9 million) is not within a hedging relationship, with fair value losses of £7 million (2025: gains of £2
                                                                                                                                        million) having been recognised in the income statement for these arrangements.
                                                                                   2025
                                                                                                                                        As a result of the strategic change and agreement to sell Core Banking portfolios to NatWest announced in June 2024,
                                                                                      Change in
                                                                                fair value used            Cumulative fair              personal loan hedging derivatives recognised within the Bank no longer qualify into an effective hedging relationship.
                                                                                 for measuring        value hedge adjustments           The interest rate swaps are viewed as trading derivatives under IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ with movements in fair
                                                 Carrying amount               ineffectiveness      included in carrying amount
                                                                                                                                        value recognised immediately within the income statement, without offset. Following completion of the Core Banking
                                                  Assets     Liabilities                                  Assets          Liabilities
Line item in financial statements                    £m             £m                      £m               £m                  £m     portfolio sale in May 2025, all remaining derivatives were closed out as the underlying portfolios were derecognised.
Borrowings                                           —              (124)                   (2)                 —                  1
                                                                                                                                        Maturity profile of interest rate risk derivatives not in hedging relationships
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2026                                 2025
Impact of the hedging instruments (all via interest rate swaps) on financial statements:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Average                               Average
                                                                                2026                                                                                                                           Notional            interest          Notional            interest
                                                                                   Carrying amount                                                                                                              amount            received           amount             received
                                                                                                                           Change in                                                                                £m                   %                £m                   %
                                                                                                                     fair value used
                                                              Notional                                                for measuring     Less than 1 month                                                               —               —                  —                 —
                                                               amount              Assets         Liabilities       ineffectiveness
Line item in financial statements   Hedged Item                    £m                 £m                  £m                     £m     1 - 3 months                                                                    —               —                  67            3.64%
Derivative financial assets         Unsecured bond                  220                4                 —                       —      3 months - 1 year                                                               —               —                 532            3.71%
Derivative financial liabilities    Tier 2 capital                   —                 —                 —                        1     1 - 5 years                                                                     —               —                 686            4.22%
                                                                                                                                        More than 5 years                                                               —               —                   5            3.58%
183       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

29 Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting continued                                                                                30.1 Cash flow statement
c) Derivatives not in a hedge relationship continued                                                                                              Reconciliation of working capital cash flow
Impact of the interest rate risk derivatives not in hedging relationships                                                                         2026
                                                                                                                                                  • Trade and other receivables: Cashflows differ from the movement in the balance sheet owing mainly to the
                                                                                             2026
                                                                                                                                                    presentation of cash flows as discontinued operations of £62 million.
                                                                                                Carrying amount                     Change in
                                                                                                                              fair value used     • Trade and other payables: Cashflows differ from the movement in the balance sheet owing mainly to
                                                                                Notional                                       for measuring        reclassifications to other lines in the cash flow statement of £48 million and presentation of cash flows as
                                                                                 amount         Assets    Liabilities        ineffectiveness
Line item in financial statements                     Hedged Item                    £m            £m             £m                      £m        discontinued operations of £46 million.
Derivative financial assets/liabilities               Loans                           —             —             —                         3     • Provisions: Cashflows differ from the movement in the balance sheet owing mainly to the presentation of
Derivative financial liabilities                      Deposits/capital                —             —             —                        —        cash flows as discontinued operations of £87 million.

                                                                                      —             —             —                          3    2025
                                                                                                                                                  • Amounts due from Financial Service customers and other banks: Cashflows differ from the movement in the
                                                                                             2025                                                   balance sheet owing mainly to £2,512 million transferred to assets held for sale on the balance sheet and
                                                                                                Carrying amount                       Change in     £2,005 million cash inflows presented within discontinued operations in the cash flow statement.
                                                                                                                                fair value used
                                                                                 Notional                                        for measuring    • Amounts due to Financial Service customers and other deposits: Cashflows differ from the movement in the
                                                                                 amount          Assets    Liabilities         ineffectiveness      balance sheet owing mainly to £3,109 million transferred to liabilities held for sale on the balance sheet and
Line item in financial statements                     Hedged Item                     £m            £m            £m                        £m
                                                                                                                                                    £644 million cash outflows presented within discontinued operations in the cash flow statement.
Derivative financial assets/liabilities               Loans                        1,056            4             (8)                      (6)
                                                                                                                                                  • Trade and other receivables: Cashflows differ from the movement in the balance sheet owing mainly to cash
Derivative financial liabilities                      Deposits/capital               234            —             —                        —        inflows presented within discontinued operations in the cash flow statement.
                                                                                   1,290              4           (8)                      (6)    • Provisions: Cashflows differ from the movement in the balance sheet owing mainly to cash outflows
                                                                                                                                                    presented within discontinued operations in the cash flow statement.
30 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                      31 Analysis of net debt
                                                                                                                                         2025
                                                                                                                  2026             (restated*)    The Group’s definition of net debt includes the following:
                                                                                                                   £m                      £m
                                                                                                                                                  •   Cash
Cash in hand and bank balances                                                                                    267                     439
                                                                                                                                                  •   Borrowings and overdrafts
Money market funds                                                                                                466                     239
                                                                                                                                                  •   Lease liabilities
Short-term deposits                                                                                                —                      141
                                                                                                                                                  •   Debt-related financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Other investment securities                                                                                        —                      360
Deposits at central banks                                                                                         334                   1,043     •   Derivatives used in hedging borrowings
                                                                                                                                                  Derivatives exclude those not used to hedge borrowings, and borrowings exclude bank overdrafts as they are
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position                                                 1,067                  2,222
                                                                                                                                                  disclosed separately.
Bank overdrafts                                                                                                          (1)                (1)
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows                                                        1,066                   2,221
Restricted amounts included above
Held within the Group’s Employee Share Ownership Trust                                                                   5                 —
Held for unclaimed dividends                                                                                             3                 —
Held for insurance purposes                                                                                              1                  3
                                                                                                                         9                   3

*     As at 1 March 2025, money market funds have been re-presented from £1,154 million to £239 million. Additionally, £555 million of
      other investment securities has been reclassified to other financial assets within current assets, refer to note 2.1b) for further
      details.
184    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                        Strategic Report     Governance Report        Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

31 Analysis of net debt continued
31.1 Reconciliation of opening to closing net debt
                                                                                                                                    Cash Movements                     Non-Cash Movements
                                                                                                                      2 March    Cash flows      Net interest                               Other
                                                                                                                         2025     excluding      (received) /           Accrued          non-cash             28 February
                                                                                                                   (restated*)      interest             paid           interest        movements                    2026
                                                                                                                           £m            £m               £m                 £m               £m                      £m
Retail
Net derivative financial instruments                                                                                       (1)          —                 1                     (1)               5                     4
Borrowings (excluding overdrafts)                                                                                       (989)           59               57                   (57)               (5)                (935)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                     (5,494)          504              278                  (278)            (550)               (5,540)
Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                                                                  —             —                —                     —                (21)                  (21)
Arising from financing activities                                                                                     (6,484)          563              336                  (336)            (571)                (6,492)
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                727             2               —                     —                —                     729
Bank overdrafts                                                                                                            (1)          —                —                     —                —                       (1)
Less: Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                                                            —             —                —                     —                21                     21
Retail net debt                                                                                                       (5,758)          565              336                  (336)            (550)                (5,743)


Financial Services
Net derivative financial instruments                                                                                      (2)            —               —                    —                     2                  —
Borrowings (excluding overdrafts)                                                                                       (124)            —               12                   (13)                 —                 (125)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                         —              —               —                    —                    —                   —
Arising from financing activities                                                                                       (126)            —               12                   (13)                  2                (125)
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                      1,924        (1,807)              —                    —                    —                  117
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              1,495         (1,157)             —                    —                    —                  338
Financial services net funds                                                                                           3,293        (2,964)               12                  (13)                  2                330


Group
Net derivative financial instruments                                                                                       (3)          —                 1                     (1)               7                     4
Borrowings (excluding overdrafts)                                                                                      (1,113)          59               69                   (70)               (5)              (1,060)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                     (5,494)          504              278                  (278)            (550)               (5,540)
Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                                                                   —            —                —                     —                (21)                  (21)
Arising from financing activities                                                                                     (6,610)           563             348                  (349)            (569)                (6,617)
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                      1,924        (1,807)              —                     —                —                     117
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              2,222         (1,155)             —                     —                —                   1,067
Bank overdrafts                                                                                                            (1)           —               —                     —                —                       (1)
Less: Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                                                            —              —               —                     —                21                     21
Group net debt                                                                                                        (2,465)       (2,399)             348                  (349)            (548)                (5,413)

Other non-cash movements relate to new leases, mark to market derivative movements on debt and foreign exchange.
185       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                          Strategic Report     Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

31 Analysis of net debt continued
31.1 Reconciliation of opening to closing net debt continued
                                                                                         Cash Movements                     Non-Cash Movements
                                                                           3 March    Cash flows      Net interest                               Other                1 March
                                                                              2024     excluding      (received) /           Accrued          non-cash                   2025
                                                                        (restated*)      interest             paid           interest        movements            (restated*)
                                                                                £m            £m               £m                 £m               £m                     £m
Retail
Net derivative financial instruments                                           —             —                 (1)                  —                —                    (1)
Borrowings (excluding overdrafts)                                          (1,077)           79               76                   (67)              —                 (989)
Lease liabilities                                                          (5,354)          487              272                  (272)            (627)             (5,494)
Purchase of own shares – share buyback                                         —            200               —                     —              (200)                 —
Arising from financing activities                                          (6,431)          766              347                  (339)            (827)             (6,484)
Cash and cash equivalents                                                     877          (150)              —                     —                —                  727
Bank overdrafts                                                                —              (1)             —                     —                —                    (1)
Less: Purchase of own shares – share buyback                                   —           (200)              —                     —               200                  —
Retail net debt                                                            (5,554)          415              347                  (339)            (627)             (5,758)


Financial Services
Net derivative financial instruments                                            —            —                —                    —                    (2)               (2)
Borrowings (excluding overdrafts)                                             (122)          —                12                   (12)                 (2)             (124)
Lease liabilities                                                               —            —                —                    —                    —                 —
Arising from financing activities                                             (122)           —               12                   (12)                 (4)            (126)
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income             770          1,155              —                    —                    (1)           1,924
Cash and cash equivalents                                                    1,101          394               —                    —                    —             1,495
Financial services net funds                                                1,749         1,549                12                  (12)                 (5)           3,293


Group
Net derivative financial instruments                                            —            —                 (1)                  —                 (2)                 (3)
Borrowings (excluding overdrafts)                                           (1,199)          79               88                   (79)               (2)             (1,113)
Lease liabilities                                                          (5,354)          487              272                  (272)            (627)             (5,494)
Purchase of own shares – share buyback                                          —           200               —                     —              (200)                  —
Arising from financing activities                                          (6,553)          766              359                  (351)            (831)             (6,610)
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income             770          1,155              —                     —                (1)              1,924
Cash and cash equivalents                                                   1,978           244               —                     —                —                2,222
Bank overdrafts                                                                —               (1)            —                     —                —                    (1)
Less: Purchase of own shares – share buyback                                   —           (200)              —                     —              200                   —
Group net debt                                                             (3,805)        1,964              359                  (351)            (632)             (2,465)

*     Refer to note 2.1 (b) for details of prior year restatements.
186     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

31 Analysis of net debt continued                                                                                       32.3 Unsecured Bond
31.2 Reconciliation of own shares purchased for share schemes                                                           In January 2025 the Group issued £550 million of bonds split in two tranches, a £250 million five-year tranche
The table below presents the reconciliation of own shares purchased for share schemes between the Group                 maturing June 2030 and a £300 million ten-year tranche maturing January 2035. The bonds pay interest on the
statement of changes in equity and the Group cash flow statement.                                                       principal amount at a rate of 5.125 per cent per annum on the five-year tranche and 5.625 per cent per annum
                                                                                                                        on the ten-year tranche. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears.
                                                                                                    2026        2025
                                                                                                     £m          £m     32.4 Sainsbury’s Bank Tier 2 capital
Retail                                                                                                                  The Group has £120 million (2025: £120 million) of fixed rate reset callable subordinated Tier 2 notes in issuance,
Included in the Group statement of changes in equity                                                 (85)        (63)   which were issued in September 2022. These notes bear interest on the principal amount at a rate of 10.5 per cent
Outstanding amount recognised as financial liabilities                                  a)            21          —     per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, until March 2028 at which time the interest rate will reset. The Bank
                                                                                                                        has the option to redeem these notes within a six-month window from 12 September 2027 to 12 March 2028.
Included in the Group cash flow statement                                                            (64)        (63)
                                                                                                                        32.5 Bank overdrafts
a) Refer to note 38 for further information on post-balance sheet events.
                                                                                                                        Bank overdrafts are repayable on demand and bear interest at a spread above Bank of England base rate.

32 Borrowings                                                                                                           33 Retirement benefit obligations
                                                            2026                                  2025
                                             Current    Non-current          Total   Current   Non-current      Total
                                                                                                                        33.1 Scheme overview
                                                 £m             £m             £m        £m            £m         £m    All retirement benefit obligations relate to the Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme and three unfunded pension
Loan due 2031                                     72            314          386         64           383       447     liabilities for former senior employees of Sainsbury’s and Home Retail Group.
Unsecured bond                                     4            552          556          3           547       550     The Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme comprises two sections:
Sainsbury’s Bank Tier 2 Capital                    5            120          125          6           118       124
                                                                                                                        • The Sainsbury’s section, which holds the assets and liabilities of the original Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme
Bank overdrafts                                    1             —             1          1            —          1
                                                                                                                        • The Argos section, which holds the assets and liabilities of the former Home Retail Group Pension Scheme
                                                  82            986         1,068        74         1,048      1,122
                                                                                                                        Each section’s assets are segregated by deed and ring-fenced for the benefit of the members of that section.
Transaction costs                                 (2)            (5)           (7)       (2)           (6)        (8)
                                                                                                                        Both sections are closed to new members and to future accrual, with benefits determined by past service and
                                                  80            981         1,061        72         1,042      1,114    salary or accrued cash balance entitlements. The Scheme is governed by a corporate trustee.
                                                                                                                        The Group also has unfunded pension liabilities in respect of certain former senior employees.
32.1 Loan due 2031
                                                                                                                        The Scheme is also used to pay life assurance benefits to current colleagues.
The loan is secured against 48 (2025: 48) supermarket properties (note 14.1). This is an inflation-linked amortising
loan from the finance company Longstone Finance plc with an outstanding principal value of £378 million                 Scheme funding and triennial valuation
(2025: £438 million) fixed at a real rate of 2.36 per cent where the principal and interest rate are uplifted
                                                                                                                        The Trustee’s triennial valuation is used to determine the contributions required for the Scheme to pay all the
annually by RPI subject to a cap at 5 per cent and a floor at 0 per cent. The loan has a final repayment date
                                                                                                                        benefits due, now and in the future. The Trustee must allow for a level of prudence in these assumptions
of April 2031.
                                                                                                                        resulting in a relatively high estimate of the Scheme’s liabilities. By contrast, IAS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’
Intertrust Corporate Services Limited holds all the issued share capital of Longstone Finance Holdings Limited          requires companies to value the liabilities on a ‘best estimate’ basis which delivers a lower estimate of the
on trust for charitable purposes. Longstone Finance Holdings Limited beneficially owns all the issued share             liabilities and therefore a more favourable relative financial position. As such, the accounting valuation is
capital of Longstone Finance plc. As the Group has no interest or power and bears no risk over these entities           different to the Trustee’s triennial valuation basis.
they are not included in the Group consolidation.
                                                                                                                        The latest triennial valuation as at 30 September 2024 (the 2024 triennial) was completed on 20 March 2026,
32.2 Undrawn facilities                                                                                                 and showed a surplus of £171 million (comprising a surplus of £93 million in the Sainsbury’s section and a £78
The Revolving Credit Facility of £1,000 million comprises two £500 million tranches with maturity dates of              million surplus in the Argos section), including the estimated value of the Scheme’s entitlements under the
December 2029 for Facility A and December 2028 for Facility B. As at 28 February 2026, the Revolving Credit             asset backed contribution (ABC) structure. Excluding these entitlements, the surplus was £15 million. The 2024
Facility was undrawn.                                                                                                   triennial, among other actuarial updates, assumes higher inflation volatility, which has the effect of reducing
                                                                                                                        expected liabilities. This may result in an earlier end to contributions under the ABC structure. To provide
                                                                                                                        additional assurance to the Scheme in that context, the Group has established an escrow account in favour of
                                                                                                                        the Scheme, which will expire no later than 2048. Funds will be deposited into the escrow account, and either
                                                                                                                        be released to the Group, or contributed to the Scheme, depending on agreed funding triggers.
187    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                      Strategic Report      Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

33 Retirement benefit obligations continued                                                                          The ABC structure provides security to the Scheme which reduces based on funding level targets. Once a
                                                                                                                     section reaches a specific funding target for three consecutive quarters, the level of security that the Scheme
33.1 Scheme overview continued
                                                                                                                     can access reduces from the following 31 March, in line with the Residual Security Amount (RSA) caps set out
Scheme funding and triennial valuation                                                                               in the ABC structure. The security is currently provided by properties in the ABC structure which are valued
This arrangement, coupled with the ABC arrangement, will act to protect the Scheme’s access to funds while           annually. If the value of the property security is outside a corridor either side of the RSA, the Company must
reducing the risk that the Company might overfund the Scheme. There are no funds deposited in the escrow             top up if the value is less, or can choose to remove property from the Propco if the value is higher; however, if a
arrangement as at 28 February 2026.                                                                                  default event were to occur, the Scheme would only have rights over the security to the value of the RSA – any
The surplus has been recognised as the Group has concluded that it has an unconditional right to a refund of         excess value would remain in the Propco and revert to the Company.
any surplus once all member benefits have been paid. The Group’s judgement is that the Trustees would be
                                                                                                                     Unfunded pension liabilities
unable to unconditionally wind up the plan or enhance members’ benefits without the Group’s consent.
                                                                                                                     The unfunded pension liabilities are unwound when each employee either retires and draws their pension or
Asset-backed contribution structure                                                                                  the pension is taken as a lump sum on retirement or upon leaving.
The Group operates an asset-backed contributions (ABC) structure in support of the Scheme. Under the ABC             33.2 Income statement
structure, properties with a valuation of £1,350 million were transferred into a newly formed property holding                                                                                                                    2026          2025
company, Sainsbury’s Property Holdings Limited (Propco), from other Sainsbury’s Group companies. The                                                                                                                               £m            £m
Propco is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group and leases the transferred properties back to other Group           Excluded from underlying profit before tax:
companies. Rental receipts on these leases facilitate payments of interest and capital on loan notes issued to
                                                                                                                      Interest cost on pension liabilities                                                           a)           (297)         (293)
the Partnership, in which the Scheme holds an interest.
                                                                                                                      Interest income on plan assets                                                                               337           329
The Partnership is controlled by Sainsbury’s and its results are consolidated by the Group. The Scheme’s
                                                                                                                     Total included in finance income                                                                              40             36
investment in the Partnership does not qualify as a plan asset for the purposes of the Group’s financial
                                                                                                                     Defined benefit pension scheme expenses                                                                        (8)           (8)
statements and is therefore not included within the fair value of plan assets.
                                                                                                                     Total (excluded from underlying profit before tax)                                                             32            28
The value of the properties transferred to the Propco remains in the Group’s property, plant and equipment on
the balance sheet, and the Group retains operational flexibility to extend, develop and substitute them.             a) Includes interest of £1 million for the unfunded pension scheme (2025: £1 million).
The Scheme’s interest in the Partnership entitles it to annual distributions over up to 20 years initially through
                                                                                                                     33.3 Remeasurements included in other comprehensive income
three payment streams:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2026          2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   £m            £m
1)	Payments to the Sainsbury’s section (£15 million per year) which stopped from December 2021
                                                                                                                     Return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in interest                                                 (10)         (448)
2)	Payments to the Argos section (£20 million per year) which stopped from December 2024
                                                                                                                     Actuarial gains/(losses) arising from changes in
3)	Switching payment stream, paid to either the Sainsbury’s section or the Argos section (initially £23 million      Finance assumptions                                                                                          101           402
    per year, increasing to £33 million by 2038)                                                                      Demographic assumptions                                                                                      (82)            3
The Sainsbury’s section reached its funding target on 31 December 2021 and so the first payment stream was            Experience                                                                                                  (274)           10
permanently switched off.                                                                                            Total actuarial (losses)/gains                                                                  a)           (255)          415
The Argos section (stream 2) reached its funding target on 31 December 2024 and so the second payment                Total remeasurements                                                                                         (265)          (33)
stream has also been permanently switched off.
                                                                                                                     a) Includes £nil remeasurement gain for the unfunded pension scheme (2025: £1 million).
The switching stream (stream 3) was initially paid to the Sainsbury’s section until it reached the funding target
on 31 December 2021, when it switched to the Argos section. Now that the Argos section has reached the
funding target, this stream has switched back to the Sainsbury’s section. Payments continue until 2038 or until
both sections have reached their funding targets, if earlier.
188    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report       Governance Report        Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

33 Retirement benefit obligations continued
33.4 Balance sheet
The retirement benefit surplus and the associated deferred income tax balance are shown within different line items on the face of the balance sheet.
                                                                                                                                                      2026                                                       2025
                                                                                                                                   Sainsbury’s               Argos          Group          Sainsbury’s                  Argos               Group
                                                                                                                                           £m                  £m              £m                 £m                      £m                  £m
Present value of funded obligations                                                                                                    (5,049)               (774)         (5,823)             (4,820)                  (755)              (5,575)
Fair value of plan assets                                                                                                               5,454                 917           6,371               5,418                    911                6,329
Retirement benefit surplus                                                                                                                405                 143             548                    598                 156                  754
Present value of unfunded obligations                                                                                                      (23)                —               (23)                   (13)                (10)                 (23)
Net Retirement benefit surplus                                                                                                            382                 143             525                    585                 146                  731
Analysed in the Group balance sheet:
 Retirement benefit surplus                                                                                                               405                 143             548                    598                 156                  754
 Retirement benefit deficit                                                                                                                (23)                —               (23)                   (13)                (10)                 (23)
Net retirement benefit surplus                                                                                                            382                 143             525                    585                 146                  731

Movements in net defined benefit surplus
                                                                                                                                                      2026                                                       2025
                                                                                                                                        Assets       Obligations               Net                 Assets        Obligations                  Net
                                                                                                                                           £m                £m                £m                     £m                 £m                   £m
As at the beginning of the financial year                                                                                               6,329            (5,598)              731                  6,702             (6,012)                  690
Interest income/(cost)                                                                                                                    337              (297)               40                     329              (293)                    36
Remeasurement (losses)/gains                                                                                                               (10)            (255)             (265)                  (448)               415                    (33)
Pension scheme expenses                                                                                                                     (8)              —                  (8)                    (8)               —                      (8)
Employer contributions                                                                                                                      26               —                 26                      45                —                      45
Benefits paid                                                                                                                            (303)              304                  1                   (291)              292                      1
As at the end of the financial year                                                                                                     6,371            (5,846)              525                  6,329            (5,598)                   731

33.5 Investment strategy and risks associated with defined benefit pension scheme
The investment strategy of the Scheme is determined by the Trustee. The Trustee considers that its primary responsibility in respect of investments is to ensure, for the duration of the Scheme, that funds will be available to
meet the benefit payment obligations as they fall due. The Trustee continues to target being funded on a gilts +0.5 per cent p.a. basis for the Sainsbury’s section and a gilts +0.25 per cent p.a. basis for the Argos section, while
limiting the downside risk associated with investments wherever possible. The investment objectives target a 50 per cent or better chance of being fully funded on this basis between 2029 and 2032 for the Sainsbury’s section
and by 2029 for the Argos section.
On 25 July 2024, the Court of Appeal upheld the High Court’s decision in Virgin Media v NTL Pension Trustees. This case found that changes made between 1997 and 2016 to pension benefits from a contracted-out salary-related
scheme could be void where trustees do not have written section 37 confirmation from the scheme actuary. The case also confirmed that retrospective confirmation would not be permissible. This judgment is relevant for the
Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme as it was contracted out of the State Second Pension (formerly SERPS) and there were changes to the Scheme during the relevant period.
189    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                             Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

33 Retirement benefit obligations continued                                                                            Risk              Description                          Mitigation
33.5 Investment strategy and risks associated with defined benefit pension scheme                                      Investment        Financial losses may be             Asset managers manage credit limits for all their
continued                                                                                                              counterparty      incurred due to failure of          derivative counterparty exposures and monitor positions
In June 2025 the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) confirmed that the Government will introduce                                     counterparties or inability to roll over derivative roll dates.
legislation to give affected pension schemes the ability to retrospectively obtain written actuarial confirmation                        over derivative positions.
that historical benefit changes met the necessary standards. In September 2025, the UK Government                      Inflation         Scheme obligations are linked        The Scheme’s LDI portfolio and inflation-linked
introduced amendments to the Pension Schemes Bill to address the decision, allowing for the retrospective                                to inflation, so a higher-than-      investments reduce inflation risk by aligning asset
validation of historical alterations to salary-related contracted-out occupational pensions.                                             expected long-term inflation         movements to changes in inflation expectations.
                                                                                                                                         rate leads to higher liabilities.    Inflation increases are subject to maximum caps.
Based on a review of the changes made to the Scheme during this period, and the contents of the Pension
Schemes Bill, the Group does not consider that any adjustments to the financial statements are required in             Interest rate     Scheme liabilities are               The Scheme’s LDI portfolio reduces this risk on a funding
respect of this matter.                                                                                                                  determined using discount rates      basis. Whilst the accounting basis may differ because of
                                                                                                                                         linked to corporate bond yields      divergence between corporate bond and gilt yields, other
During the year the Trustee has initiated a review of its US tax reporting, following the identification of an
                                                                                                                                         for accounting and gilt yields for   assets held in the portfolio reduce the exposure.
inconsistency between differing elements of its US tax filings. The outcome of this review is currently unknown,
                                                                                                                                         funding purposes. A decrease in
and although an additional US tax liability may arise, a reliable estimate of the amount of any potential liability
                                                                                                                                         yields increases liabilities.
cannot be made at this stage, although it is not expected to be material, and no provision has been recognised at
this time.                                                                                                             Sustainability,   Investment managers do not           ESG, stewardship and other related risks are incorporated
                                                                                                                       including ESG     have appropriate policies and        into the Statement of Investment Principles. The Trustee
Risks associated with achieving the strategy                                                                           and climate       procedures in place to identify      publishes an annual TCFD report and an Implementation
Risk                Description                          Mitigation
                                                                                                                                         ESG risks and opportunities.         Statement which detail how climate risks are managed.
                                                                                                                                                                              Day-to-day management of ESG risks is delegated to
Investment     Misalignment of the investment            Using an FCA-regulated market-leading investment                                A broad range of these risks
                                                                                                                                                                              investment managers who are requested to confirm
strategy and   strategy relative to changes in           adviser, a liability-driven investment (LDI) framework                          exists across the activities of
                                                                                                                                                                              alignment with the Trustee’s policies.
implementation liabilities reduces the future            has been adopted to align asset and liability risks by                          the entities in which the
               resources available to meet               hedging interest rate and inflation exposures, thereby                          Scheme ultimately invests            A net zero carbon emission goal by 2050 has been
               pension obligations.                      reducing funding volatility.                                                    which include exposure to            adopted by the Trustee and follows new climate
                                                                                                                                         climate transition, a lack of        governance and reporting standards. The Scheme’s
                    The strategy also includes           ESG and related risks are incorporated into the Statement
                                                                                                                                         diversity, equity and inclusion,     investment managers have signed up to the UN
                    addressing sustainability and        of Investment Principles (SIP), and an annual TCFD report
                                                                                                                                         or poor corporate governance.        Principles of Responsible Investment.
                    Environmental, Social, and           and Implementation Statement are published covering
                    Governance (ESG) related risks       relevant risk management and goals.                           Longevity         The Scheme pays benefits longer Longevity risk is monitored with the aim of achieving
                    for the Scheme.                                                                                                      than expected due to members sufficient funding levels to take account of the potential
                                                   Investment managers have signed up to international                                   living longer than forecast.    for increased life expectancy.
                    Poor execution or attention to ESG principles and are requested to confirm that they
                    regulation or underperformance operate in line with the Trustee’s policies on ESG.                 Cyber risk        The increasing threat of             Robust cyber security measures have been implemented
                    in applying the strategy could                                                                                       cyber-attack leads to data           by the Trustee’s custodian and administrators, including
                                                   Investment mandates are monitored closely against                                     breaches and financial losses.       regular security assessments and employee training. These
                    lead to lower funding levels.
                                                   portfolio benchmarks set out in investment guidelines.                                                                     measures aim to protect sensitive Scheme data and ensure
                                                   The Investment Committee will terminate consistently                                                                       the integrity and confidentiality of member information.
                                                   underperforming mandates and reallocate capital.
Investment          Insufficient liquidity to meet       The Scheme adopts a collateral sufficiency framework to
liquidity           cash flow requirements to make       ensure that sufficient liquid assets are maintained and
                    collateral top up requests to        imposes limits on short-term maturing repurchase contracts.
                    manage the Scheme’s derivative
                                                         The investment adviser liaises with the scheme actuary
                    positions and member benefit
                                                         and Pensions department to determine current and
                    payments.
                                                         future cash flow requirements.
190     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

33 Retirement benefit obligations continued                                                                                              33.7 Actuarial assumptions for measuring liabilities
33.6 Analysis of plan assets                                                                                                             Principal actuarial assumptions
                                                                                 2026                               2025                                                                                                                     2026           2025
                                                                           Quoted        Unquoted            Quoted         Unquoted
                                                                              £m              £m                £m               £m      Discount rate                                                                                       5.55          5.45
Liability matching assets                                                   3,707            1,397             3,432            1,617    Inflation rate – RPI                                                                                3.05          3.15
Growth assets                                                                                                                            Inflation rate – CPI                                                                                2.50          2.55
Equity                                                          a)                                                                       Future pension increases                                                                     1.95 - 2.90     1.95–2.95
Private                                                                        —               226                —               272
                                                                                                                                         Assumptions are on a weighted average blended basis.
Alternatives
Real Estate                                                                    —                54                —              107     a) Discount rate
Private Debt                                                                   —               205                —              442     The discount rate for the Scheme is derived from the expected yields on high quality corporate bonds over the
Diversified Growth                                                             —               221                —              288     duration of the Group’s pension scheme and extrapolated in line with gilts with no theoretical growth assumptions.
Multi asset strategies                                                        216               —                 —               —      High quality corporate bonds are those which at least one of the main ratings agencies considers to be at least
Cash and Cash equivalents                                                     345               —                171              —      AA (or equivalent).

                                                                           4,268             2,103            3,603             2,726    b) Inflation
                                                                                                                                         The Government’s intention to amend the RPI calculation methodology to be aligned to that already in use for
a)	Certain unquoted fixed interest securities, private equity and debt investments and property investments are stated at fair value.   the calculation of the CPI (including housing) takes effect from 2030. As a result, the Group has assumed that
    These fair values may differ from their realisable values due to the absence of liquid markets in these investments.                 RPI will be aligned with CPI post 2030, resulting in a single weighted average RPI-CPI gap of 0.55 per cent p.a.
Included within liability matching assets are government bonds totalling £5,611 million (2025: £5,282 million),                          up to 2030 (2025: 0.60 per cent p.a.).
corporate bonds totalling £2,060 million (2025: £2,237 million), and fixed income derivatives totalling £298 million
(2025: £328 million), offset by repurchase agreements totalling £2,865 million (2025: £2,799 million). Circa 96 per                      c) Future pension increases
cent of the Scheme’s corporate bonds are invested in investment grade credit. The remainder are either unrated                           Pensions in the Scheme receive various increases in payment depending on the section of the Scheme and when
or below investment grade.                                                                                                               benefits were built up. For the majority of benefits, the increases provided are based on either RPI or CPI inflation,
                                                                                                                                         subject to various caps or collars depending on when benefits were built up. As a result, different assumptions are
The Sainsbury’s Pension Scheme adopts a liability-driven investment (LDI) framework to manage its funding                                needed for each type of pension increase provided and the table above shows the range of assumptions adopted.
risk and reduce volatility by largely removing the interest rate and inflation rate impacts of its liabilities. As a
result, the value of the Scheme’s assets changes in a similar way to its liabilities, which helps maintain its                           d) Mortality
ability to pay benefits and therefore member security over the long term.                                                                The base mortality assumptions use the SAPS S4 tables for the Sainsbury’s and Argos sections, respectively,
                                                                                                                                         with adjustments to reflect the Scheme’s population.
Of the above assets, £6,204 million (2025: £6,144 million) is denominated in Pound Sterling and £167 million
(2025: £185 million) is denominated in overseas currencies.                                                                              Following the completion of the 2024 triennial valuation and consideration of the previous three years of
                                                                                                                                         mortality experience both in the Scheme and the UK as a whole, the Company updated the actuarial mortality
For 2026 the valuation of private market assets is based on the latest available manager statements, adjusted for                        base tables that determine the life expectancy assumptions to reflect a best estimate adjustment derived from
cash contributed or remitted. The assets have been assessed for impairment, from the date of the most recent                             analysis carried out for the valuation. Future mortality improvements for the 2026 year-end are CMI 2024
statement date through manager enquiry and analysis of similar public market indices. This approach differs                              projections with a long-term rate of improvement of 1 per cent p.a. Future mortality improvements for the 2025
from the approach taken in 2025 where, in addition to the cash adjustment detailed above, asset values were                              year-end were CMI 2023 projections with a long-term rate of improvement of 1 per cent p.a.
rolled-forward, from the date of the last statement to the balance sheet date, using the returns on related
public market indices. The value of the roll-forward adjustment in 2025 was £12.9 million. Based on historical                           All IAS 19 calculations use the CMI model which measures potential changes to future mortality trends. The Group’s
analysis it was concluded that the updated approach provided a better estimate of the asset value for private                            policy is to use the available version as at the year-end which is CMI 2024 which was released in June 2025.
market assets at the balance sheet date.
191    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

33 Retirement benefit obligations continued                                                                                 Change in present value of funded obligations – increase/(decrease) effect
                                                                                                                                                                                           Sainsbury’s                   Argos                       Total
33.7 Actuarial assumptions for measuring liabilities continued
                                                                                                                                                                                                £m          £m          £m         £m           £m              £m
Principal actuarial assumptions continued
                                                                                                                            Financial sensitivities:
d) Mortality continued
                                                                                                                            Discount rate                           +/-0.1%                 61              63          11          11          72              74
The CMI have made two main changes to the CMI 2024 model, compared with the 2023 version of the model:
                                                                                                                            Discount rate                           +/-1.0%                565             682          96         118         661             800
• The CMI 2024 core model has been extended to have five period terms considered separately during the                      Inflation rate                          +/-0.1%                 36              36          10           7          46              43
  fitting process rather than one period term. Having multiple period terms allows the model to better reflect
                                                                                                                            Inflation rate                          +/-1.0%                366             369          87          76         453             445
  the changing mortality trends at different age groups observed in the data. Each of the five age groups is
                                                                                                                            Inflation rate for future
  smoothed separately to achieve an overall adjusted target smoothing factor.
                                                                                                                            pension increases                       +/-0.1%                     20          20           7           4              27          24
• Modelling the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic using a ‘fitted overlay’ rather than using weights as in earlier
                                                                                                                            Inflation rate for future
  models. A new half-life parameter has been introduced which controls this overlay within the model.
                                                                                                                            pension increases                       +/-1.0%                 186            215          50         46           236            261
A half-life assumption of 0.5 has been adopted for 2025. This is consistent with the 100% weights parameter
                                                                                                                            Demographic sensitivities:
which was adopted under CMI 2023 as both approaches place greater weight on observed post-pandemic
mortality experience than the core CMI parameters.                                                                          Life expectancy                         +/-1 year               153            163          22          23          175            186

Life expectancy at age 65                                                                                                   f) Future benefit payments
                                                              2026                                   2025
                                                                                                                            Details of future committed payments are detailed in the asset-backed contribution section of the overview at
                                              Sainsbury’s   Sainsbury’s               Sainsbury’s   Sainsbury’s
                                                  section       section                   section       section             the beginning of this note. The Company expects to meet its committed payment of approximately £27 million
                                                    Main     Executive        Argos         Main     Executive     Argos    during the next financial year.
                                                 Scheme        Scheme       section      Scheme        Scheme     section
                                                    Years         Years       Years         Years         Years     Years
                                                                                                                            The duration of the Scheme’s liabilities is around 14 years for the Sainsbury’s section and 15 years for the Argos
Members aged 65 at balance sheet date                                                                                       section.
Male pensioner                                       20.2            22.6     20.7          18.9          22.2      19.8
Female pensioner                                     22.5            24.0     23.2          22.8          23.5      22.9    Timing of benefit payments (undiscounted)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2026              2025
Members aged 45 at balance sheet date                                                                                                                                                                                                         £m                £m
Male pensioner                                       21.2            23.5     21.7          19.9          23.1      20.7    Within the next 12 months (next annual reporting period)                                                          288              262
Female pensioner                                     23.7            25.1     24.4          24.0          24.6      24.0    Between 2 and 5 years                                                                                           1,320            1,209
                                                                                                                            Between 6 and 15 years                                                                                          4,156            3,897
e) Sensitivity analysis of significant actuarial assumptions                                                                Between 16 and 25 years                                                                                         3,950            3,784
The present value of the Scheme’s liabilities and the net financing charge are dependent on the discount rate.              Beyond 25 years                                                                                                 4,965            4,598
Other key assumptions are based on market conditions or estimates of future events, including mortality rates.
The carrying value of the retirement benefit obligations is impacted by changes to any of the assumptions used.                                                                                                                          14,679              13,750

The sensitivities are calculated using the same methodology used to calculate the retirement benefit obligation,
by considering the impact for a given change in an assumption while holding all others constant, thus meaning               34 Share-based payments
that interdependencies between the assumptions have not been taken into account in the analysis. The                                                                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2026        (restated*)
sensitivities reflect the upper ends of a range of reasonably possible changes in the principal assumptions.                                                                                                                                  £m                 £m
                                                                                                                            Share-based payment expense                                                                                       80                80
                                                                                                                            Discontinued operations                                                                                             5                 7
                                                                                                                            Continuing operations                                                                                              75                73

                                                                                                                            *   Refer to note 2.1 (c) for details of prior year restatements.

                                                                                                                            The Group operates the following share schemes:
192    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                              Strategic Report     Governance Report      Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

34 Share-based payments continued                                                                                       34.2 Long-Term Incentive Plan
34.1 Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (Sharesave)                                                                    Under the Long-Term Incentive Plan, shares are conditionally awarded to senior leaders of the Company.
The Group operates a Savings-Related Share Option Scheme, which is open to all UK employees with more than              Awards are calculated as a percentage of the participants’ salaries and scaled according to grades.
three months’ continuous service. This is an approved HMRC scheme and was established in 1980. Under                    Performance is measured at the end of the three-year performance period. If the required performance
Sharesave, participants remaining in the Group’s employment at the end of the three-year savings period are             conditions, which are financial and non-financial non-market conditions, have been met, the awards vest and
entitled to use their savings to purchase shares in the Company at a pre-stated exercise price.                         the participants are able to exercise 100 per cent of the awards received. For awards issued from 2021 onwards,
Employees leaving for certain reasons can use their savings to purchase shares within six months of their leaving.      schemes vest and participants are able to exercise after three years. Awards will expire five years from the
                                                                                                                        grant date.
                                                                        2026                        2025
                                                                                Weighted                    Weighted    For Executive Directors, awards will normally be subject to a two-year holding period following the end of the
                                                                                 average                     average    three-year performance period. Awards will expire six years from the date of grant.
                                                              Number of          exercise   Number of        exercise
                                                                options             price     options           price   For awards granted in and before the year ended 4 March 2023, a core share award was granted which could
                                                                million            pence      million          pence
                                                                                                                        grow by up to four times, dependent on the level of performance. For awards granted in the year ended 2 March
Outstanding at beginning of year                                     55.4            195         59.1            188    2024 onwards, the maximum share award is allocated, and the award will vest between 0 per cent and 100 per
Granted                                                               —               —           17.1           200    cent based on performance against targets. Awards are structured as nil cost options.
Lapsed / forfeited                                                   (5.7)           198         (8.2)           197
                                                                                                                        Dividends will accrue on the shares that vest in the form of additional shares, except for certain colleagues who
Exercised                                                            (9.7)           208        (12.6)           168
                                                                                                                        are unable to receive dividend equivalents due to financial services regulations.
Outstanding at end of year                                           40.0            191        55.4             195
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2026          2025
Exercisable at end of financial year                                  —                —         9.6              210                                                                                                    million       million
Exercisable Range                                                              161 to 228                  161 to 228   Outstanding at beginning of year                                                                  60.8           29.3
Weighted average share price at date of exercise                                      268                         263   Conditionally allocated                                                                            22.8          65.8
Weighted average remaining contractual life                                     1.5 years                   2.2 years   Released to participants                                                                          (10.7)        (29.7)
                                                                                                                        Lapsed                                                                                             (8.4)         (4.6)
The Sharesave invitation was deferred from November 2025 to May 2026, to enable greater engagement by                   Outstanding at end of financial year                                                              64.5           60.8
colleagues outside of peak trading periods. As a result, no options were granted in the reporting period.
                                                                                                                        Weighted average remaining contractual life                                               3.2 years         3.8 years
                                                                                                 2026            2025
                                                                                                                        Weighted average share price at date of exercise (release to participants)                        263p          268p
Share price at grant date                                                                          —             275p
Exercise price                                                                                     —             200p
                                                                                                                        All performance conditions are considered non-market performance conditions and are therefore not included
Expected volatility                                                                                —            24.1%   in the fair value calculations.
Option life                                                                                        —        3.2 years
                                                                                                                        Options granted in the year                                                                        2026           2025
Expected dividend yield                                                                            —             4.8%
                                                                                                                        Share price at grant date                                                                      287p              278p
Risk-free interest rate                                                                            —             4.9%
                                                                                                                        Option life                                                                                 3 years           3 years
Fair value per option                                                                              —              57p
                                                                                                                        Fair value per option                                                                          287p              278p
The expected volatility is based on the standard deviation of the Group’s share price for the period immediately
prior to the date of grant of award, over the period identical to the vesting period of the award, adjusted for
management’s view of future volatility of the share price.
193    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

34 Share-based payments continued                                                                                       work within Sainsbury’s stores is, or was, of equal value to that of colleagues working in Sainsbury’s distribution
                                                                                                                        centres, and that differences in terms and conditions relating to pay are not objectively justifiable. The claimants
34.3 Nil-cost share awards                                                                                              are seeking the differential back pay based on the higher wages in distribution centres, and the equalisation of
The nil-cost share schemes include bonus share awards and other conditional awards.                                     wages and terms and conditions on an ongoing basis. The Group believes further claims will be served.
Senior leaders receive a percentage of their bonus award in shares. Before 2021, bonus awards had a three-year          There are three stages in the tribunal procedure for equal pay claims of this nature and the claimants will need
deferral period. However, awards granted from 2021 now have a deferral period of two years, except for certain          to succeed in all three. The first stage is whether store claimants have the legal right to make the comparison
colleagues who are subject to a longer deferral period due to financial services regulations.                           with depot workers. Following European and Supreme Court decisions in other similar litigation, Sainsbury’s
                                                                                                                        has conceded this point. The second stage is the lengthy process to determine whether any of the claimants’
Other conditional awards relate to the retention and recruitment of senior leaders as part of the wider reward
                                                                                                                        roles are of equal value to their chosen comparators. Whilst there is at present no definitive timetable for the
strategy. Awards vest, typically between one and three years, subject to participants remaining in employment
                                                                                                                        litigation, the Group anticipates judgment from the Tribunal in respect of the second stage will be given in the
at the vesting date.
                                                                                                                        course of 2028. This judgment is very likely to be subject to appeal proceedings.
Dividends accrue on these shares and vest in the form of additional shares released at the end of the deferral period
                                                                                                                        In the event that any of the claimants succeed at the second stage, there will be a third stage comprising
except for certain colleagues who are unable to receive dividend equivalents due to financial services regulations.
                                                                                                                        further hearings, in the following years, to consider material factor defences relating to non-discriminatory
                                                                                                2026           2025     reasons for any pay differential. Both outstanding stages will involve contested hearings and appeals. It is not
                                                                                              million        million
                                                                                                                        possible to predict a final date with any certainty.
Outstanding at beginning of year                                                                27.2           27.1
Awarded                                                                                         13.0           15.6     If the Group is unsuccessful at the end of the litigation the liability could be material but due to the complexity
Released to participants in financial year                                                     (13.4)         (14.8)    and multitudinous factual and legal uncertainties, we are not in a position to predict an outcome, quantum or
                                                                                                                        impact at this stage.
Lapsed                                                                                          (1.4)          (0.7)
Outstanding at end of financial year                                                            25.4           27.2     Given that the outcome of the second and third stages in the litigation remains highly uncertain at this stage,
                                                                                                                        the Group cannot make any assessment of the likelihood or quantum of any outcome. No provision has
Weighted average remaining contractual life                                                1.9 years      1.8 years     therefore been recognised on the Group’s balance sheet. There are substantial factual and legal defences to
Weighted average share price at date of exercise (release to participants)                     253p           254p      these claims and the Group intends to continue to defend them vigorously.

                                                                                                                        37 Related party transactions
35 Commitments                                                                                                          37.1 Key management personnel
                                                                                                2026           2025
                                                                                                 £m             £m      The key management personnel of the Group comprise members of the J Sainsbury plc Board of Directors and
Capital commitments contracted, but not provided for                                             124            179     the Operating Board. The key management personnel compensation is as follows:
Leases that have been signed, but not yet commenced                                               10             32                                                                                                     2026          2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         £m            £m
                                                                                                                        Short-term employee benefits                                                                     14             16
36 Contingent liabilities                                                                                               Post-employment employee benefits                                                                 1              1
The Group through the size, nature and scope of its operations and people is exposed to a wide range of                 Share-based payments                                                                              9              8
applicable laws and regulation including: employment related legislation such as the Equality Act 2010 and the
Health and Safety at Work Act 1974; business conduct legislation such as the Competition Act 1998, the Modern                                                                                                            24             25
Slavery Act 2015 and the Bribery Act 2010; product or sales related legislation such as the Food Safety Act 1990
and the Digital Markets Competition and Consumer Act 2024, and is also exposed to risks relating to past                Three key management personnel had credit card balances with Financial Services (2025: five). These arose in
corporate transactions such as guarantees made in relation to disposed assets. These expose the Group to                the normal course of business and were immaterial to the Group and the individuals. One key management
potential material liabilities which may crystallise following events such as civil legal action, regulatory            personnel held saving deposit accounts with Financial Services (2025: two). These balances arose in the normal
enforcement action, or under property disposal guarantees in the event of insolvency of current tenants and             course of business and were immaterial to the Group and the individuals. Following the disposal of the credit
their ultimate parents. In assessing the required disclosure or recognition of potential liabilities, the Group         cards and deposits businesses to NatWest in May 2025, these balances are no longer related party transactions.
considers factors including probability, materiality and quantifiability of any claims received.                        A loan of £0.5 million (2025: £nil) was made, and fully repaid, to one key management personnel in the year.

Along with other retailers, the Group is currently subject to claims from current and ex-employees in the
Employment Tribunal for equal pay under the Equality Act 2010 and/or the Equal Pay Act 1970. There are
currently circa 19,800 equal pay claims from circa 14,100 claimants, in which the claimants are alleging that their
194      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                               Strategic Report      Governance Report    Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

37 Related party transactions continued                                                                                      Entity
                                                                                                                                                                   Country of
                                                                                                                                                                   incorporation     Interest         Holding    Registered office address *
37.2 Joint ventures and associates                                                                                           Cliffrange Limited                    UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Transactions between the Group’s subsidiary undertakings, which are related parties, have been eliminated on
                                                                                                                             Coolidge Investments Limited          UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
consolidation and are accordingly not disclosed. Related party transactions, which are at arm’s length, and
balances which the Group had with its joint ventures and associates are as follows:                                          Cornerford Limited                    UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                             Financial Recovery Services Limited   UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                  2026               2025
                                                                                                   £m                 £m     First Stop Stores Limited             UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Rental expenses paid                                                                                 (8)               (8)   Global (Guernsey) Limited             Guernsey          100%             Indirect   PO Box 33, Dorey Court
                                                                                                                             Habitat Retail Limited                UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Year-end balances arising from transactions with joint ventures and associates are as follows:                               Hobart Property Limited               UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                  2026               2025    Holborn UK Investments Limited        UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                   £m                 £m
                                                                                                                             Home Retail Group Limited             UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Other payables                                                                                       (3)               (2)
                                                                                                                             Home Retail Group (Finance) LLP       UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                             Home Retail Group (Guernsey) LP       Guernsey          100%             Indirect   PO Box 33, Dorey Court
37.3 Retirement benefit obligations
                                                                                                                             Home Retail Group (Jersey) Limited    Jersey            100%             Indirect   44 Esplanade
The Group has entered into an arrangement with the Pension Scheme Trustee as part of the funding plan for the
actuarial deficit in the Scheme. Full details of this arrangement are set out in note 33 to these financial statements.      Home Retail Group (UK) Limited        UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                             Home Retail Group Card
38 Post-balance sheet events                                                                                                 Services Limited                      UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Subsequent to the balance sheet date, the Group acquired 6,128,749 shares through the J Sainsbury Employee                   Home Retail Group Holdings
Share Ownership Trust, for the purpose of satisfying future share awards under the Group’s employee share                    (Overseas) Limited                    UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
plans. The financial liability of £21 million recognised at the balance sheet date has subsequently been                     Home Retail Group Insurance
derecognised following the acquisition and settlement of directly attributable costs.                                        Services Limited                      UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                             Home Retail Group Nominees Limited    UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
39 Related undertakings                                                                                                      Home Retail Group UK Service
All companies listed below are owned by the Group and all interests are in ordinary share capital, except where              Company Limiteda)                     UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
otherwise indicated. All subsidiaries have been consolidated.                                                                Horndrift Limited                     UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
39.1 Wholly owned subsidiary undertakings                                                                                    J Sainsbury Common Investment
The Group holds a majority of the voting rights of the following undertakings:                                               Fund Limited                          UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                             J Sainsbury Distribution Limited      UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                Country of
Entity                                          incorporation   Interest   Holding     Registered office address *           J Sainsbury Pension Scheme
Argos Business Solutions Limited                UK              100%       Indirect    33 Charterhouse Street                Trustees Limited                      UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Argos Card Transactions Limited                 UK              100%       Indirect    33 Charterhouse Street                J Sainsbury Trustees Limitedb)        UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Argos Distributors (Ireland) Limited            Ireland         100%       Indirect    6th Floor, South Bank House           Jacksons Stores Limited               UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Argos Holdings Limited                          UK              100%       Indirect    33 Charterhouse Street                Jacksons Stores 2002 Limited          UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                             JS Information Systems Limited        UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Argos Limited                                   UK              100%       Indirect    33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                             JS Insurance Limited                  Isle of Man       100%             Indirect   Third Floor, St George’s Court
Argos (N.I.) Ltd                                UK              100%       Indirect    Forestside Shopping Centre
                                                                                                                             JSD (London) Limited                  UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Argos Surbs Investments Limited                 UK              100%       Indirect    33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                             Jungle Online                         UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Avenell Property Limited                        UK              100%       Indirect    33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                             Jungle.com Limited                    UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Barleygold Limited                              UK              100%       Indirect    50 Bedford Street
                                                                                                                             Jungle.com Holdings Limited           UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Bells Stores Limited                            UK              100%       Indirect    33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                             Nash Court (Kenton) Limited           UK                100%             Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
BLSSP (PHC 7) Limited                           UK              100%       Indirect    33 Charterhouse Street
195      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                    Strategic Report      Governance Report      Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

39 Related undertakings continued                                                                                    Entity
                                                                                                                                                                        Country of
                                                                                                                                                                        incorporation     Interest         Holding      Registered office address *
39.1 Wholly owned subsidiary undertakings continued                                                                  Sainsbury’s SL Limited                             UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
                                                Country of
Entity                                          incorporation   Interest   Holding    Registered office address *    Sainsbury’s Supermarkets Ltd                       UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
Nectar 360 Limited                      UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street         Sainsbury’s Thistle Scottish
                                                                                                                     Limited Partnership                                UK                  100%           Indirect     3 Lochside Avenue
Nectar 360 Services LLP                 UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Sainsbury’s Tyne Property
Nectar EMEA Limited                     UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Holdings Limited                                   UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
Nectar Loyalty Holding Limited          UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Smartcharge Limited                                UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
Ramheath Properties Limited             UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Software Warehouse Holdings Limited                UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
Sainsbury Bridgeco Holdco Limited       UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Stamford House Investments Limited                 UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
Sainsbury Holdco A Limited              UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Stamford Properties One Limited                    UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
Sainsbury Holdco B Limited              UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Stamford Properties Three Limited                  UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
Sainsbury Propco A Limited              UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Stamford Properties Two Limited                    UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
Sainsbury Propco B Limited              UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Stanhope Finance Limited                           UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
Sainsbury Propco C Limited              UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Town Centre Retail (Bicester) Limited              UK                  100%           Indirect     33 Charterhouse Street
Sainsbury Propco D Limited              UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
Sainsbury Property Investments Limited UK                        100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street         a) As of 7 April 2026 the company’s name changed from Home Retail Group UK Service Company Limited to Tumblecrest 5 Limited
Sainsbury’s Argos Asia Limited          Hong Kong                100%      Indirect   Unit 904, 9/F, Tower 2         b) As of 15 April 2026 the company’s name changed from J Sainsbury Trustees Limited to Tumblecrest 7 Limited
Sainsbury’s Argos Asia                                                                                               c)   As of 7 April 2026 the company’s name changed from Sainsbury’s Intermediate Holdings Limited to Tumblecrest 6 Limited
Commercial Limited                      Hong Kong                100%      Indirect   Unit 904, 9/F, Tower 2
                                                                                                                     *    See full addresses on page 197.
Sainsbury’s Argos Asia
                                                                                                                     ** An application has been made to deregister this company.
Sourcing Limited**                      Hong Kong                100%      Indirect   Unit 904, 9/F, Tower 2
Sainsbury’s Argos Asia
Technical Limited**                     Hong Kong                100%      Indirect   Unit 904, 9/F, Tower 2         39.2 Associated undertakings
Sainsbury’s Argos Commercial Consulting                                                                              The Group has an interest (as shown), direct or indirect, in the ordinary share capital of the following joint
(Shanghai) Limited                      China                   100%       Indirect   26/F, Tower 1                  ventures and associates:
Sainsbury’s Bank plc                    UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street                                                             Country of
                                                                                                                     Entity                                              incorporation Interest              Holding         Registered office address*
Sainsburys Corporate Director Limited   UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     BL Sainsbury Superstores Limited**                  UK               50%                Indirect        45 Gresham Street
Sainsbury’s Corporate Healthcare
                                                                                                                     Harvest 2 GP Limited                                UK               50%                Indirect        100 Victoria Street
Trustee Limited                         UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Harvest 2 Limited Partnership                       UK               50%                Indirect        100 Victoria Street
Sainsbury’s Corporate
                                                                                                                     Harvest 2 Selly Oak Limited                         UK               50%                Indirect        100 Victoria Street
Secretary Limited                       UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Harvest Development Management Limited              UK               50%                Indirect        100 Victoria Street
Sainsbury’s Group Holdings Limited      UK                       100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     Harvest GP Limited                                  UK               50%                Indirect        100 Victoria Street
Sainsbury’s Heather GP Limited          UK                       100%      Indirect   4th Floor, 1 New Park Square
                                                                                                                     Hedge End Park Limited                              UK               50%                Indirect        33 Charterhouse Street
Sainsbury’s Holdings Limited                    UK               100%      Direct     33 Charterhouse Street
Sainsbury’s Intermediate                                                                                             *    See full addresses on page 197.
Holdings Limitedc)                              UK               100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
                                                                                                                     ** An application has been made to deregister this company.
Sainsbury’s Manor GP Limited                    UK               100%      Indirect   4th Floor, 1 New Park Square
Sainsbury’s Manor Property Limited              UK               100%      Indirect   4th Floor, 1 New Park Square
Sainsburys (NI) Ltd                             UK               100%      Indirect   Forestside Shopping Centre
Sainsbury’s Rose LP Limited                     UK               100%      Indirect   33 Charterhouse Street
196      J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

39 Related undertakings continued                                                                                 Entity                                                                     Company registered number

39.3 Overseas branches                                                                                            Sainsbury Propco D Limited                                                 05676370
The Group has the following branches overseas:                                                                    Sainsbury Property Investments Limited                                     02184043
                                                                                                                  Sainsbury’s Corporate Healthcare Trustee Limited                           02256123
                                                    Country of
Entity                                              incorporation      Holding    Registered office address *     Sainsbury’s Corporate Secretary Limited                                    13368643
Sainsbury’s Argos Asia Limited                      Bangladesh         Indirect   Level 10, Simpletree Anarkali   Sainsbury’s Group Holdings Limited                                         11833110
– Bangladesh Liaison Office                                                                                       Sainsbury’s Holdings Limited                                               16565950
Sainsbury’s Argos Asia Limited                      India              Indirect   16th Floor, DLF Downtown 4      Sainsbury’s Intermediate Holdings Limited                                  10125892
– India Branch Office                                                                                             Sainsbury’s Manor GP Limited                                               SC453278
                                                                                                                  Sainsbury’s Manor Property Limited                                         SC453263
39.4 Subsidiary undertakings exempt from audit                                                                    Sainsbury’s Rose LP Limited                                                11837174
The following subsidiaries are exempt from the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 relating to the audit       Sainsbury’s SL Limited                                                     13361881
of individual accounts by virtue of section 479A of the Act:                                                      Sainsburys (NI) Ltd                                                        NI674962
Entity                                                                              Company registered number     Sainsburys Corporate Director Limited                                      06246904
Argos Surbs Investments Limited                                                     05716474                      Sainsbury’s Heather GP Limited                                             SC621875
Avenell Property Limited                                                            03817411                      Sainsbury’s Thistle Scottish Limited Partnership                           SL033628
Barleygold Limited                                                                  NI032407                      Sainsbury’s Tyne Property Holdings Limited                                 11733455
Bells Stores Limited                                                                01476345                      Smartcharge Limited                                                        15004383
BLSSP (PHC 7) Limited                                                               04104076                      Stamford House Investments Limited                                         01970437
Coolidge Investments Limited                                                        07697101                      Stamford Properties One Limited                                            03896034
Cornerford Limited                                                                  03871316                      Stamford Properties Three Limited                                          03896030
First Stop Stores Limited                                                           03061483                      Stamford Properties Two Limited                                            03896032
Hobart Property Limited                                                             03978071                      Town Centre Retail (Bicester) Limited                                      05564905
Holborn UK Investments Limited                                                      06482903
Home Retail Group Holdings (Overseas) Limited                                       00872776
Horndrift Limited                                                                   03871243
J Sainsbury Common Investment Fund Limited                                          02789936
J Sainsbury Distribution Limited                                                    02653788
J Sainsbury Pension Scheme Trustees Limited                                         02721178
J Sainsbury Trustees Limited                                                        00974484
Jacksons Stores 2002 Limited                                                        04455255
Jacksons Stores Limited                                                             03974443
JSD (London) Limited                                                                03780122
Nash Court (Kenton) Limited                                                         03447714
Nectar EMEA Limited                                                                 05821446
Nectar Loyalty Holding Limited                                                      06436907
Ramheath Properties Limited                                                         01762921
Sainsbury Bridgeco HoldCo Limited                                                   05644629
Sainsbury Holdco A Limited                                                          05644636
Sainsbury Holdco B Limited                                                          05644633
Sainsbury Propco A Limited                                                          05644620
Sainsbury Propco C Limited                                                          05676364
197       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                      Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

39 Related undertakings continued
39.5 Full registered office addresses
Address                                                                                  Full address
4th Floor, 1 New Park Squarea)                                                           4th Floor, 1 New Park Square, 1 Airborne Place, Edinburgh EH12 9GR, United Kingdom
Unit 904, 9/F, Tower 2                                                                   Unit 904, 9/F, Tower 2, The Quayside, 77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong
26/F, Tower 1                                                                            26/F, Tower 1, Kerry Everbright City Phase III – Enterprise Centre, No.128, West Tian Mu Road, Shanghai 200070, People’s Republic of China
33 Charterhouse Street                                                                   33 Charterhouse Street, London, EC1M 6HA, United Kingdom
44 Esplanade                                                                             44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 9WG, Channel Islands
50 Bedford Street                                                                        50 Bedford Street, Belfast, BT2 7FN, United Kingdom
100 Victoria Street                                                                      100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL, United Kingdom
Forestside Shopping Centre                                                               Forestside Shopping Centre, Upper Galwally, Belfast, BT8 6FX, United Kingdom
Level 10, Simpletree Anarkali                                                            Level 10, Simpletree Anarkali, 89 Gulshan Avenue Plot-03, Block – CWS(A), Dhaka – 1212, Bangladesh
Bangladesh PO Box 33, Dorey Court                                                        PO Box 33, Dorey Court, Admiral Park, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 4AT, Channel Islands
Third Floor, St George’s Court, Isle of Man                                              Third Floor, St George’s Court, Upper Church Street, Douglas, IM1 1EE, Isle of Man
6th Floor, South Bank House                                                              6th Floor, South Bank House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4 D04 TR29, Ireland
16th Floor, DLF Downtown 4                                                               16th Floor, DLF Downtown, DLF Downtown Block – 4, 16th Floor, Ambience Island, Sector 25A, Sector 24 Gurugram – 122002, India
45 Gresham Street                                                                        45 Gresham Street, Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BG, United Kingdom

a) As of 1 April 2026, all Companies associate with this address will move registered office to TLT LLP, 9th Floor, Cadworks, 41 West Campbell Street, Glasgow, G2 6SE.
198       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                    Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements


Company balance sheet

                                                                               28 February     1 March 2025     The profit after tax for the Company for the financial year was £319 million (restated 2025: loss after tax of
                                                                                      2026       (restated*)
                                                                        Note           £m                £m     £762 million). The notes on pages 200 to 202 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Non-current assets                                                                                              The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 22 April 2026, and are signed on its behalf by:
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates               C2         6,592            6,592
Trade and other receivables                                              C3           956              845
Derivative financial assets                                                             5               —
                                                                                    7,553            7,437
                                                                                                                Simon Roberts		                   Bláthnaid Bergin
Current assets
                                                                                                                Chief Executive		             Chief Financial Officer
Trade and other receivables                                              C3            —               222      Company registered number: 00185647
Derivative financial assets                                                            —                 1
Cash and cash equivalents                                                             476              406
                                                                                      476              629
Total assets                                                                       8,029             8,066
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                 C4        (2,311)          (1,884)
Borrowings                                                               C6            (2)                (1)
Other financial liabilities                                                           (21)               —
Income taxes payable                                                                  (21)              (28)
                                                                                   (2,355)           (1,913)
Net current liabilities                                                            (1,879)          (1,284)
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                               C6          (549)            (542)
Derivative financial liabilities                                                         (1)              (1)
Deferred income tax liability                                            C5            (16)             (19)
Provisions                                                                               (1)              (1)
                                                                                     (567)            (563)
Total liabilities                                                                  (2,922)          (2,476)
Net assets                                                                          5,107            5,590
Equity
Called up share capital                                                  C7          647               669
Share premium                                                                      1,465             1,448
Merger reserve                                                                       173               173
Capital redemption and other reserves                                    C7           (77)              (79)
Retained earnings                                                                  2,899             3,379
Total equity                                                                        5,107            5,590

*     Refer to Note C1.5 for details of prior year restatements
199       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                      Strategic Report      Governance Report        Financial Statements


Company statement of changes in equity

                                                                                                                                          Capital
                                                                                                               Share                  redemption
                                                                                               Called up    premium    Merger           and other            Retained                  Total
                                                                                            share capital    account   reserve            reserve            earnings                 equity
                                                                                     Note            £m          £m        £m                 £m                  £m                     £m
At 2 March 2025 (restated*)                                                                         669       1,448      173                   (79)            3,379                 5,590
Profit for the year                                                                                  —           —        —                     —                319                   319
Total comprehensive income                                                                           —           —         —                    —                319                    319
Transactions with owners:
  Dividends                                                                                           —          —         —                    —               (566)                  (566)
  Share-based payment                                                                                 —          —         —                    —                  80                    80
  Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                                            —          —         —                   (85)                —                    (85)
  Shares allocated in respect of share option schemes                                 C7               3         17        —                    62                (62)                   20
  Purchase of own shares for cancellation                                             C7              —          —         —                  (251)                —                   (251)
  Cancellation of own shares                                                          C7             (25)        —         —                   276               (251)                   —
At 28 February 2026                                                                                 647       1,465      173                   (77)           2,899                   5,107
At 3 March 2024 (as previously reported)                                                            678       1,430      568                   681             3,466                  6,823
Opening balance adjustment                                                                           —           —         —                   (74)                  38                 (36)
At 3 March 2024 (restated*)                                                                         678       1,430      568                  607              3,504                  6,787
Loss for the year                                                                                    —           —         —                    —               (762)                  (762)
Other comprehensive loss                                                                             —           —         —                    (1)               —                       (1)
Total comprehensive loss                                                                             —           —         —                     (1)            (762)                  (763)
Transactions with owners:
  Transfer between reserves                                                           C7             —           —       (395)                (680)            1,075                      —
  Dividends                                                                                          —           —         —                     —              (308)                  (308)
  Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                                           —           —         —                    (63)              —                      (63)
  Allotted in respect of share option schemes                                         C7              12         18        —                     37               70                    137
  Purchase of own shares for cancellation                                             C7             —           —         —                  (200)               —                    (200)
  Cancellation of own shares                                                          C7             (21)        —         —                   221              (200)                     —
At 1 March 2025 (restated*)                                                                         669       1,448       173                  (79)            3,379                  5,590

The notes on pages 200 to 202 form an integral part of these financial statements.
*     Refer to Note C1.5 for details of prior year restatements
200    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                 Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes to the Company financial statements

C1 Basis of preparation and accounting policies                                                                            c) Trade and other payables
C1.1 Basis of preparation                                                                                                  Payables are recognised initially at fair value, and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest
                                                                                                                           rate method.
The Company financial statements are prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted
Accounting Practice. The financial year comprises the 52 weeks to 28 February 2026 (2025: 52 weeks to 1 March 2025).       d) Deferred tax
The financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis, as set out in Note 2 of the                        Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and
consolidated financial statements, and under the historical cost convention, except for derivative financial               joint ventures except where the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary
instruments and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income that have been measured                  difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
at fair value.
                                                                                                                           e) Share-based payments
The Company meets the definition of a qualifying entity under FRS 100 issued by the Financial Reporting
                                                                                                                           The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
Council. Accordingly, the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with FRS 101 ‘Reduced
                                                                                                                           in the Group is recharged to those respective subsidiaries. The fair value of employee services received,
Disclosure Framework’ and in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 as applicable to companies using FRS
                                                                                                                           measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recharged to the subsidiary over the vesting period, with
101. As permitted by FRS 101, the Company has taken advantage of the disclosure exemptions available under
                                                                                                                           a corresponding credit to equity.
that standard in relation to:
• A cash flow statement                                      •   Certain disclosures in respect of financial instruments   f) Own shares held
• Certain related party transactions including those         •   Share-based payments                                      Own shares represent the shares of J Sainsbury PLC that are held by the Employee Share Ownership Trust
  with subsidiaries                                                                                                        (ESOT), or which are purchased and held for cancellation as part of the share buyback programme. The
                                                             •   Certain comparatives as otherwise required by IFRS
                                                                                                                           Company adopts a ‘look-through’ approach which, in substance, accounts for the trust as an extension of the
• The effects of new but not yet effective accounting        •   Disclosures related to capital management
                                                                                                                           Company. Shares purchased for cancellation are included in own shares held until cancellation, at which point
  standards
                                                                                                                           they are transferred to retained earnings. Own shares held can include equity elements of forward contracts
The basis for the above exemptions is because equivalent disclosures are included in the consolidated financial            where the Group has an obligation to purchase its own shares. Own shares are recognised within Capital
statements in which the entity is consolidated.                                                                            redemption and other reserves.
C1.2 Accounting policies                                                                                                   C1.3 Key sources of estimation uncertainty
Material accounting policies, which have been applied consistently, are the same as those set out in note 3 to
the consolidated financial statements except as noted below in respect of those which are Company specific.
                                                                                                                           Assessment of impairment of investments in subsidiary undertakings
                                                                                                                           In carrying out value-in-use calculations to assess impairment, these require estimation relating to the
a) Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                              appropriate discount factors and long-term growth as well as short and medium-term business plans.
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are carried at cost less any impairment loss in the             Management draws upon experience as well as external resources in making these judgements.
financial statements of the Company.
                                                                                                                           C1.4 Income statement
At each financial year, the Company assesses the carrying amounts of its investments to determine whether                  The Directors have taken advantage of the exemption available under section 408 of the Companies Act 2006
there is any indication of impairment. Where such an indication exists, the Company makes an estimate of the               and not presented an income statement nor a statement of comprehensive income for the Company alone.
recoverable amount based on the greater of fair value less costs to dispose or value-in-use calculations. Where
a value-in-use calculation is used, discounted cash flows are derived from Board-approved cash flow                        C1.5 Prior period restatements
projections for three years and then extrapolated into perpetuity.                                                         Income taxes payable
If the recoverable amount of the investment is less than its carrying amount, the investment is written down to            Comparative amounts have been re‑presented to separately disclose income taxes payable, and to present
its recoverable amount. Any impairment loss is immediately recognised in the income statement.                             other taxation balances within trade and other payables. This resulted in taxes payable and trade and other
                                                                                                                           payables being re-presented, with no impact on net assets or equity.
b) Trade and other receivables
Receivables are recognised initially at fair value, and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective
                                                                                                                           Own shares held
interest rate method, less provision for impairment.                                                                       Prior period comparatives have been restated to reflect that the Employee Share Ownership Trust (ESOT) has
                                                                                                                           been accounted for as an extension of the Company.
Receivable balances with other Group entities are reviewed for potential impairment based on the ability of the
counterparty to meet its obligations. This is assessed by considering the net asset position of the entity and             Prior period comparatives
whether the amounts owed to the Company are covered. Where this is not the case, the estimated future cash                 The prior period comparatives have been restated in accordance with IAS 8: ‘Accounting Policies, Changes in
flows of the counterparty are considered in line with the methodology detailed in note C1.2(a).                            Accounting Policies and Errors’ and have impacted the balance sheet as follows:
201     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                             Strategic Report      Governance Report         Financial Statements


Notes to the Company financial statements continued

C1 Basis of preparation and accounting policies continued                                                                     The Directors also considered whether there were any other observable indicators of impairment over the
                                                                                                                              Company’s investment in subsidiaries and concluded that none were present. Accordingly, no impairment test
C1.5 Prior period restatements continued
                                                                                                                              over the investment in subsidiaries was required to be performed in the year.
The Company has taken exemption of the disclosure exemption under FRS 101 in relation to presenting a
statement of financial position as at the beginning of the preceding period when a retrospective restatement
has been made.
                                                                                                                              C3 Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                                                                                               2026                                          2025
                                                              As previously                           ESOT                                                                 Non-current         Current          Total     Non-current         Current           Total
                                                                 presented       Income taxes   Aggregation    As restated                                                         £m              £m             £m              £m              £m              £m
At 1 March 2025                                                         £m                £m            £m             £m     Amounts owed by Group companies                      956                —            956              845          222           1,067
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                              (1,878)             (4)           (2)        (1,884)
Income taxes payable                                                     (32)              4            —              (32)
                                                                                                                              C4 Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                                                                              2026                                           2025
                                                                       (1,911)            —              (2)       (1,913)                                                                                                                     Current           Total
Net current liabilities                                               (1,282)             —              (2)       (1,284)                                                 Non-current         Current          Total     Non-current      (restated*)     (restated*)
                                                                                                                                                                                   £m              £m             £m              £m               £m              £m
Total liabilities                                                     (2,474)             —              (2)      (2,476)     Amounts owed to Group entities                         —          2,306          2,306                —          1,878           1,878
Net assets                                                            5,592               —              (2)       5,590      Other payables                                         —              2              2                —              2               2
                                                                                                                              Other taxes and social security                        —              3              3                —              4               4
Equity                                                                                                                                                                               —           2,311          2,311               —          1,884           1,884
Capital redemption and other reserves                                     21              —           (100)          (79)
                                                                                                                              *   Taxes payable, which was previously presented on a net basis, has been re-presented to present other taxes and social security
Retained earnings                                                      3,281              —             98         3,379
                                                                                                                                  within trade and other payables.
Total equity                                                          5,592               —              (2)       5,590
                                                                                                                              C5 Deferred Taxation
C2 Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                                                      Capital losses
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Rolled over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     capital gains              Total
                                                                                                      2026           2025                                                                                                     £m               £m                 £m
                                                                                                       £m             £m
                                                                                                                              At 2 March 2024 and 1 March 2025                                                                13               (32)               (19)
Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                              Credit to income statement                                                                       3                —                   3
At the beginning of the financial year                                                               6,591         7,295
                                                                                                                              At 28 February 2026                                                                             16               (32)               (16)
Additions                                                                                            6,592            80
Impairment                                                                                              —           (784)
Disposals                                                                                           (6,591)           —
                                                                                                                              C6 Borrowings
                                                                                                                                                                                               2026                                           2025
At the end of the financial year                                                                    6,592          6,591                                                        Current Non-current             Total         Current      Non-current           Total
Joint ventures and associates                                                                          —               1                                                            £m          £m                £m              £m               £m              £m
                                                                                                                              Unsecured bond                                           4          552              556                3             547           550
                                                                                                    6,592          6,592
                                                                                                                              Transaction costs                                       (2)          (3)              (5)              (2)             (5)           (7)
During the year, the Company transferred subsidiary undertakings to Sainsbury’s Holdings Limited in return                                                                             2          549              551                1             542           543
for 29 newly issued shares in Sainsbury’s Holdings Limited. Following the share for share exchange, the
Company derecognised £6,591 million of subsidiary investments and £1 million of joint ventures and                            Refer to note 32 of the consolidated financial statements for further details.
associates, and subsequently recognised additions of £6,592 million in relation to the investment in
Sainsbury’s Holdings Limited.
The Directors acknowledged that as at 28 February 2026 the market capitalisation of J Sainsbury plc exceeded
the net assets of the Group, which primarily consists of investments in subsidiaries. This was not considered to
be an indicator of impairment under IAS 36 “Impairment of assets”.
202       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report   Governance Report    Financial Statements




C7 Share capital and reserves                                                                                                                   During the period, 85.4 million (2025: 73.6 million) of the Company’s own shares were purchased, and
                                                                                                                                                subsequently cancelled, for total consideration of £251 million (2025: £200 million) inclusive of £1 million (2025:
C7.1 Called up share capital and merger reserve
                                                                                                                                                £6 million) directly attributable costs. £251 million (2025: £200 million) has been transferred from the
                                                                               2026               2025                2026             2025
                                                                             million            million                £m               £m      investment in own shares reserve to retained earnings and £25 million (2025: £21 million) of share capital has
Called up share capital                                                                                                                         been transferred to the capital redemption reserve owing to the cancellation.
Allotted and fully paid ordinary shares of 28 4/7p                           2,264              2,339                 647              669
                                                                                                                                                C8 Contingent liabilities
                                                          2026                                                   2025                           Through the normal course of business, the Company has issued guarantees covering various commitments of
                                      Number       Ordinary    Share        Merger          Number         Ordinary    Share        Merger      its subsidiaries. The Company has also provided a guarantee to the Bank of England in respect of any
                                     of shares       shares premium         reserve        of shares         shares premium         reserve     borrowings by Sainsbury’s Bank plc under the terms of the Sterling Monetary Framework. No liability has been
                                       million          £m       £m             £m           million            £m       £m             £m
                                                                                                                                                recognised in the Company’s accounts for this guarantee as it is considered remote that the guarantee will be
At the beginning of the
                                                                                                                                                called on note 39.4 of the consolidated financial statements sets out details on subsidiary undertakings
financial year                          2,339           669       1,448         173           2,371           678        1,430         568
                                                                                                                                                exempt from audit.
Allotted in respect of share
option schemes                              10             3        17           —               42             12            18        —       C9 Post-balance sheet events
Cancellation of own shares                 (85)          (25)       —            —              (74)           (21)           —         —
                                                                                                                                                Subsequent to the balance sheet date, the Company acquired 6,128,749 shares through the J Sainsbury
Transfer to retained                                                                                                                            Employee Share Ownership Trust. The financial liability of £21 million recognised at the balance sheet date has
earnings                                    —             —         —            —              —              —              —       (395)     subsequently been derecognised following the acquisition and settlement of directly attributable costs.
At the end of the
financial year                          2,264           647       1,465         173          2,339            669        1,448         173


C7.2 Capital redemption and other reserves
                                                                                                                               Total capital
                                                                                                                  Capital      redemption
                                                                          Investment in          Other        redemption         and other
                                                                             own shares       reserves            reserve          reserves
                                                                                    £m             £m                 £m                £m
2 March 2025 (restated*)                                                         (100)                 —               21              (79)
Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                          (85)                 —               —               (85)
Shares allocated in respect of share option schemes                                62                  —               —                62
Purchase of own shares for cancellation                                          (251)                 —               —              (251)
Cancellation of own shares                                                        251                  —               25              276
28 February 2026                                                                  (123)                —               46              (77)
3 March 2024 (as previously reported)                                                —                  1              680             681
Opening balance adjustment                                                          (74)               —                —               (74)
3 March 2024 (restated*)                                                            (74)                1              680             607
Transfer to retained earnings                                                        —                 —              (680)           (680)
Purchase of own shares for share schemes                                            (63)               —                —               (63)
Shares allocated in respect of share option schemes                                  37                —                —                37
Purchase of own shares for cancellation                                           (200)                —                —             (200)
Cancellation of own shares                                                         200                 —                21             221
Cash flow hedges effective portion of fair value movements                           —                 (1)              —                 (1)
1 March 2025 (restated*)                                                          (100)                —                21              (79)

*     Refer to Note C1.5 for details of prior year restatement.
203       J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                      Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) (unaudited) continued

In the reporting of financial information, the Directors use various APMs which they believe provide additional                     Reconciliation
useful information for understanding the financial performance and financial health of the Group. These APMs                                                                                                                       2026          2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Note             £m            £m
should be considered in addition to, and are not intended to be a substitute for, IFRS measurements. As they
are not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards, they may not be directly comparable with                            Retail underlying operating profit                                             6.1            1,025         1,036
other companies who use similar measures.                                                                                           Add: Retail underlying depreciation and amortisation                          A2.1            1,186         1,156

All of the following APMs relate to the current financial year’s results and comparative financial year where provided.             Retail underlying EBITDA                                                                      2,211         2,192
                                                                                                                                    Retail sales                                                                    6.1       33,551           32,630
A1 Income statement measures                                                                                                        Retail underlying EBITDA margin                                                               6.6%          6.7%
A1.1 Revenue                                                                                                                        Retail underlying operating margin                                                            3.1%          3.2%
a) Retail like-for-like sales (closest IFRS equivalent: none)
Definition and purpose                                                                                                              c) Underlying profit before tax (closest IFRS equivalent: profit before tax)
Year-on-year growth in sales excluding VAT, excluding Fuel and Financial Services, for stores that have been                        Definition and purpose
open for more than one year. The relocation of Argos stores into Sainsbury’s supermarkets are classified as new                     Profit before tax excluding non-underlying items.
space, while the host supermarket is classified like-for-like.
                                                                                                                                    Provides shareholders with additional insight into the year-on-year performance.
The measure is used widely in the retail sector.
                                                                                                                                    Reconciliation
Reconciliation                                                                                                                      Face of the income statement.
                                                                                                          2026   2025 (restated*)
                                                                                                                                    Non-underlying items as set out in note 5 to the financial statements.
Retail like-for-like (exc. Fuel, exc. VAT)                                                               3.9%             3.4%
Underlying net new space impact                                                                          0.4%            (0.1)%     d) Underlying basic and diluted earnings per share (closest IFRS equivalent: basic and diluted
Retail sales growth (exc. Fuel, exc. VAT)                                                                4.3%              3.3%     earnings per share)
Fuel impact                                                                                             (1.5)%           (1.6)%     Definition and purpose
Total Retail sales growth (inc. Fuel, exc. VAT)                                                          2.8%              1.7%     Earnings per share using underlying profit as described above.
                                                                                                                                    A key measure to evaluate the performance of the business and returns generated for investors.
*     Retail like-for-like sales APM has been restated to exclude VAT. Refer to note 2.5 for details.
                                                                                                                                    Reconciliation
A1.2 Profit                                                                                                                         Note 12 to the financial statements.
a) Retail underlying operating profit and margin (closest IFRS equivalent: profit before tax)
                                                                                                                                    e) Underlying net finance costs (closest IFRS equivalent: finance income less finance costs)
Definition and purpose
                                                                                                                                    Definition and purpose
Profit before interest and tax for the Retail segment excluding non-underlying items.
                                                                                                                                    Net finance costs before any non-underlying items that are recognised within finance income/expenses.
This is the lowest level at which the Retail segment as a whole is viewed from a management perspective, with
                                                                                                                                    Provides shareholders with additional insight into the underlying net finance costs.
finance costs managed for the Group as a whole.
                                                                                                                                    Reconciliation
Reconciliation
                                                                                                                                    Note 9 to the financial statements.
Calculated as Retail underlying operating profit as a percentage of Retail sales. Refer to A1.2b).
b) Retail underlying EBITDA (closest IFRS equivalent: none)                                                                         f) Underlying tax rate (closest IFRS equivalent: effective tax rate)
Definition and purpose                                                                                                              Definition and purpose
Retail underlying operating profit as above, before underlying depreciation and amortisation.                                       Tax on underlying items, divided by underlying profit before tax.
Used to review the Retail segment’s profit generation and the sustainability of ongoing capital reinvestment                        Provides an indication of the tax rate across the Group before the impact of non-underlying items.
and finance costs.
                                                                                                                                    Reconciliation
                                                                                                                                    Non-underlying tax items as set out in note 5 to the financial statements and are disclosed on the face of the
                                                                                                                                    income statement.
204    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                       Strategic Report      Governance Report    Financial Statements


Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) (unaudited) continued

A2 Cash flows and borrowings                                                                                                                                                                        2026
                                                                                                                                                                                      Retail:
A2.1 Retail cash flows (closest IFRS equivalent: Group cash flows)                                                                                                      Retail:          non-        Retail:    Financial
Definition and purpose                                                                                                                                               underlying    underlying         total      Services       Group
                                                                                                                                                                            £m            £m            £m            £m           £m
Retail cash flows identified as a separate component of Group cash flows.
                                                                                                                       Purchase of intangible assets                      (230)             —          (230)          —          (230)
Retail free cash flow: Net cash generated from Retail operations, after cash capital expenditure and including
                                                                                                                       Capital expenditure                                (843)             —         (843)           —          (843)
payments of lease obligations, and cash flows from joint ventures and associates. Excludes capital injections to,
                                                                                                                       Initial direct costs on new leases                   (8)             —           (8)           —            (8)
dividends from, and any other exceptional cash movements with or on behalf of Sainsbury’s Bank and its subsidiaries.
This measures cash generation, working capital efficiency and capital expenditure of the Retail business.              Proceeds from disposal of property,
                                                                                                                       plant and equipment                                  41              —              41         —            41
Other Retail cash flows: Individual cash flow line items segregated from Group cash flows to allow individual          Interest received                                    23              —              23         —            23
Retail cash flows to be identified. This enables management to assess the cash generated from its core Retail
operations, and to assess core Retail capital expenditure in the financial year in order to review the strategic                                                          (787)             —          (787)          —          (787)
business performance.                                                                                                  Cash flows from financing activities
                                                                                                                       – continuing
Reconciliation                                                                                                         Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares            20              —            20           —            20
                                                                                  2026
                                                                                                                       Purchase of own shares for share schemes            (64)             —           (64)          —           (64)
                                                                        Retail:
                                                          Retail:          non-    Retail:    Financial                Intragroup share scheme recharge                      7              —             7           (7)          —
                                                       underlying    underlying     total      Services      Group
                                                              £m            £m        £m            £m          £m     Other share-related transactions                     (37)            —           (37)          (7)         (44)
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                   Purchase of own shares for cancellation             (251)            —          (251)          —          (251)
– continuing                                                                                                           Repayment of borrowings                              (59)            —           (59)          —           (59)
Operating profit/(loss) continuing                         1,025          (116)      909           (12)        897     Capital repayment of lease obligations             (504)             —         (504)           —         (504)
Depreciation and amortisation                              1,186            52     1,238            —        1,238     Dividends paid on ordinary shares:
Share-based payments and other:                                                                                        Dividends paid on ordinary
   Net impairment charge on non-financial assets               13           10           23         —           23     shares (excluding special dividends)               (316)             —          (316)          —          (316)
   (Profit)/loss on sale of non-current assets and                                                                     Special dividend paid                              (250)             —          (250)          —          (250)
   early termination of leases                                (5)            8          3           —            3                                                      (1,417)             —        (1,417)           (7)     (1,424)
   Fair value movements                                        5             7         12           —           12     Intragroup dividend                                400               —          400          (400)          —
   Share-based payments expense                               68             4         72            3          75
                                                                                                                       Net increase/(decrease) in cash and
Defined benefit scheme expenses                               —              8          8           —            8     cash equivalents – continuing                       168          (107)              61       (498)        (437)
Defined benefit pension scheme payments                       —            (27)       (27)          —          (27)    Net decrease in cash and cash
Operating cash flows before changes in                                                                                 equivalents – discontinued operations                —               (59)        (59)        (659)        (718)
working capital                                            2,292           (54)    2,238            (9)     2,229                                                          168          (166)               2      (1,157)     (1,155)
Movements in working capital                                 128           (53)       75          (117)       (42)
Cash generated from operations – continuing                2,420          (107)    2,313          (126)      2,187     Bridge to retail free cash flow
Interest paid                                               (336)           —       (336)           (12)     (348)     Retail cash flows from operating activities
Corporation tax paid                                         (112)          —        (112)           47        (65)    – continuing                                      1,972          (107)        1,865
                                                           1,972          (107)    1,865           (91)      1,774     Retail cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from investing activities                                                                                   – continuing                                       (787)             —         (787)
– continuing                                                                                                           Capital repayment of lease obligations             (504)             —         (504)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                    (613)          —       (613)           —         (613)    Retail free cash flow                               681          (107)          574
205    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report       Governance Report         Financial Statements


Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) (unaudited) continued

A2 Cash flows and borrowings continued                                                                                                                                                                                          2025 (restated*)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Retail:
A2.1 Retail cash flows (Closest IFRS equivalent: Group cash flows) continued                                                                                                                         Retail:            non-           Retail:     Financial
Reconciliation continued                                                                                                                                                                         underlying       underlying            total       Services      Group
                                                                                                                                                                                                        £m               £m               £m             £m         £m
                                                                                     2025 (restated*)
                                                                                                                              Other share-related transactions                                             (43)          —                 (43)          —          (43)
                                                                          Retail:
                                                           Retail:          non-            Retail:     Financial             Purchase of own shares for cancellation                                     (200)          —              (200)            —         (200)
                                                       underlying     underlying             total       Services    Group
                                                              £m             £m                £m             £m       £m     Proceeds from borrowings                                                     544           —               544             —          544
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                          Repayment of borrowings                                                     (623)          —              (623)            —         (623)
– continuing                                                                                                                  Net repayment of borrowings                                                  (79)          —               (79)            —          (79)
Operating profit/(loss) – continuing                        1,036           (214)              822            68      890     Capital repayment of lease obligations                                      (487)          —              (487)            —         (487)
Depreciation and amortisation                               1,156             59             1,215            —      1,215    Dividends paid on ordinary shares                                           (308)          —              (308)            —         (308)
Share-based payments and other:                                                                               —
                                                                                                                                                                                                      (1,117)            —             (1,117)           —        (1,117)
   Net impairment charge/(reversal) on
   non-financial assets                                         2             20                22            —        22     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash
   Profit on sale of non-current assets and early                                                                             equivalents – continuing                                                      17          (116)              (99)      (1,003)      (1,102)
   termination of leases                                       (6)           (47)              (53)           —       (53)    Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash
   Fair value movements                                        —               (2)               (2)          —         (2)   equivalents – discontinued operations                                        —             (52)              (52)       1,397       1,345
   Share-based payments expense                                71             —                 71             2       73                                                                                   17          (168)            (151)         394          243
Defined benefit scheme expenses                                —                8                 8           —          8    Bridge to retail free cash flow
Defined pension benefit scheme payments                        —             (45)              (45)           —       (45)    Retail cash flows from operating activities
Operating cash flows before changes in                                                                                        – continuing                                                            1,921             (116)          1,805
working capital                                             2,259           (221)           2,038             70     2,108    Retail cash flows from investing activities
Movements in working capital                                   98            105              203         (1,097)     (894)   – continuing                                                                (787)          —              (787)
                                                                                                                              Capital repayment of lease obligations                                      (487)          —              (487)
Cash generated from operations – continuing                 2,357           (116)           2,241         (1,027)    1,214
Interest paid                                                (347)            —             (347)             (12)    (359)   Retail free cash flow                                                       647           (116)              531
Corporation tax paid                                           (89)           —               (89)             36      (53)
                                                                                                                              *   Refer to note 2.1 (b) and (c) for details of prior year restatements.
                                                            1,921           (116)           1,805         (1,003)     802
                                                                                                                              A2.2 Non-underlying Retail cash flow movements (closest IFRS equivalent: none)
Cash flows from investing activities –
                                                                                                                              Definition and purpose
continuing
                                                                                                                              Identifies cash movements in respect of Retail non-underlying items and also sets out a breakdown of items
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                    (617)           —               (617)            —      (617)
                                                                                                                              included in the summary cash flow statement set out in the financial review.
Purchase of intangible assets                                (208)           —               (208)            —      (208)
Capital expenditure                                          (825)           —               (825)            —      (825)    Reconciliation
Initial direct costs on new leases                            (34)           —                (34)            —       (34)                                                                                                                          2026           2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Note             £m             £m
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
                                                                                                                              Defined benefit pension scheme payments                                                               A2.1              (27)          (45)
equipment                                                      45            —                 45             —        45
                                                                                                                              Non-underlying cash movements:
Interest received                                              27            —                 27             —        27
                                                                                                                              Retail restructuring programmes                                                                                         (72)          (71)
                                                             (787)           —               (787)            —      (787)    Other                                                                                                                    (8)           —
Cash flows from financing activities                                                                                          Operating cash flows                                                                                                   (80)           (71)
– continuing
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares                      20            —                  20            —         20    Effect on Retail cash generated from operations                                                                       (107)          (116)
Purchase of own shares for share schemes                      (63)           —                 (63)           —        (63)
206    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                       Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements


Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) (unaudited) continued

A2 Cash flows and borrowings continued                                                                                                                                                           Note
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2026
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  £m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                £m
A3.1 Net debt (closest IFRS equivalent: borrowings, cash, derivatives, financial assets at                        Return (Group underlying operating profit)                                      6.1           1,025         1,066
FVOCI, lease liabilities)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   £m            £m
Definition and purpose
Net debt includes the capital injections into Sainsbury’s Bank, but excludes the net debt of Sainsbury’s Bank     Group net assets                                                     Balance sheet            6,150         6,651
and its subsidiaries. Financial Services’ net debt balances are excluded. Derivatives exclude those not used to   Less: Net pension surplus                                                     33.4             (525)         (731)
hedge borrowings, and borrowings exclude bank overdrafts as they are disclosed separately. Hence net debt is      Deferred tax on pension surplus                                                10.3             194           218
represented as Retail net debt.                                                                                   Less: retail net debt                                                            31           5,743         5,758
This metric shows the liquidity and indebtedness of the Group and whether the Group can cover its                 Effect of in-year averaging                                                                      (17)         (42)
debt commitments.                                                                                                 Capital employed                                                                          11,545           11,854

Reconciliation                                                                                                    Return on capital employed                                                                    8.9%          9.0%
Note 31 to the financial statements.
                                                                                                                  Comparatives are as originally reported.
A3.2 Net debt/underlying EBITDA (closest IFRS equivalent: none)
                                                                                                                  A4.2 Fixed charge cover (closest IFRS equivalent: none)
Definition and purpose                                                                                            Definition and purpose
Retail net debt divided by Group underlying EBITDA based on a 52-week rolling basis.                              Group underlying EBITDA divided by rent (representing capital and interest repayments on leases) and
Helps management measure the ratio of the business’ debt to operational cash flow.                                underlying net finance costs. All items are calculated on a 52-week rolling basis.
                                                                                                                  This helps assess the Group’s ability to satisfy fixed financing expenses from performance of the business.
Reconciliation
                                                                                              2026         2025   Reconciliation
                                                                                  Note         £m           £m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2026          2025
Retail net debt                                                                     31       5,743        5,758                                                                                  Note             £m            £m

Group underlying EBITDA                                                           A4.2       2,211        2,222   Group underlying operating profit                                               6.1           1,025         1,066
Net debt/Group underlying EBITDA                                                              2.6x         2.6x   Add: Group underlying depreciation and amortisation expense                    A2.1           1,186         1,156
                                                                                                                  Group underlying EBITDA                                                                       2,211         2,222
Group underlying EBITDA is reconciled within the fixed charge cover analysis in note A4.2.                        Repayment of capital element of lease obligations                              A2.1           (504)          (487)
Comparatives are as originally reported.                                                                          Underlying finance income                                                        9               24            31
                                                                                                                  Underlying finance costs                                                         9             (331)         (336)
A4 Other measures                                                                                                 Fixed charges                                                                                  (811)         (792)
A4.1 Return on capital employed (closest IFRS equivalent: none)                                                   Fixed charge cover                                                                             2.7x          2.8x
Definition and purpose
Return divided by average capital employed.                                                                       Comparatives are as originally reported.

Return is defined as 52-week rolling underlying profit before interest and tax.
Capital employed is defined as Group net assets excluding pension surplus, less retail net debt. The average is
calculated on a 14-point basis which uses the average of 14 data points, representing the previous 13 period
ends and the opening position.
Represents the total capital that the Group has utilised in order to generate profits. Management uses this to
assess the performance of the business.

Reconciliation
Net debt as set out in note 31.
207     J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                                               Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements



Additional shareholder information

Managing your shares                                                                                                                                                             Share dealing services
Our share registrar is managed by MUFG Corporate Markets. The quickest and most environmentally friendly way for you to view and manage your                                     To buy or sell your J Sainsbury plc ordinary shares, please visit your
shareholding is electronically at https://uk.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com.                                                                                                       stockbroker or your bank who will usually be able to assist you. Check
                                                                                                                                                                                 the charges that apply before dealing in shares as the dealing fees vary
                                                                                                                                                                                 between brokers. Alternatively, if you are resident in the UK, Channel
   Have your Investor Code (IVC) to                                Provide and maintain your bank/                   If you need to contact MUFG                                 Islands or Isle of Man, you may consider using MUFG Corporate Markets.
                                                                   building society details to
   hand and scan the QR code below
                                                                   receive your dividend payments                    Corporate Markets                                           For more information on MUFG Corporate Markets share dealing service,
   for access to Investor Centre, a                                                                                                                                              visit https://sharedeal.cm.mpms.mufg.com.
   free, online secure service that
                                                                                                                               Sainsburys@cm.mpms.mufg.com
   enables you to manage and                                                                                                                                                     ShareGift
   monitor all of your shares in one                                                                                           +44 371 664 0555                                  If you have a small number of shares which would cost more for you
   place via a mobile app or the web.                               Change your address                                        Calls are charged at the standard geographic      to sell than they are worth, you may wish to consider donating them
                                                                                                                               rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside     to the charity ShareGift (Registered Charity 1052686) which specialises
                                                                                                                               the United Kingdom will be charged at the         in accepting such shares as donations. The relevant stock transfer form
                                                                                                                               international rate. We are open Monday –          may be obtained from MUFG Corporate Markets. There are no
                                                                                                                               Friday, 9.00-5.30 excluding bank holidays         implications for Capital Gains Tax purposes (no gain or loss) on gifts of
                                                                      Submit your proxy voting                                 in England and Wales.                             shares to charity. If you are a UK taxpayer, it is also possible to obtain
                                                                      instructions
                                                                                                                               For deaf and speech impaired customers,           income tax relief. Further information about ShareGift may be obtained by
   Please contact MUFG Corporate                                                                                               MUFG Corporate Markets welcome calls via          calling 020 7930 3737, emailing help@sharegift.org or by visiting www.
   Markets for assistance with                                                                                                 Relay UK. see www.relayuk.bt.com for              sharegift.org.
   the QR code or the Investor                                         Elect to receive shareholder                            more information.
   Centre service.                                                     communications                                                                                            Sainsbury’s corporate website
                                                                                                                               MUFG Corporate Markets, Central Square,           More information about J Sainsbury plc, including the latest results and
                                                                       electronically
                                                                                                                               29 Wellington Street, Leeds, LS1 4DL              reports, can be found on https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/. As well
                                                                                                                                                                                 as providing share price data and financial history, the site also provides
To read the latest version of our Privacy Notice and understand more about how we process your data, please visit https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/privacy-policy/.
                                                                                                                                                                                 information on management, our business strategy and corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                 governance. It also contains information for investors, our sustainability
                                                                                                                                                                                 report, regulatory and news releases, and current issues.
To register, you will need your 11-digit Investor Code, which can be found on all communications issued by MUFG Corporate Markets. For each shareholder
who registers to manage their shareholding online, a donation will be made to the Woodland Trust, the UK’s leading woodland conservation charity.
Alternatively, shareholders can contact MUFG Corporate Markets using the details above.


Financial calendar 2026/27
Financial year-end 2025/26                                                                                                                                    28 February 2026

Q1 trading statement                                                                                                                                          30 June 2026

Annual General Meeting                                                                                                                                        2 July 2026

Payment date of final dividend                                                                                                                                July 2026

Interim (half-year) results announcement                                                                                                                      22 October 2026

Q3 trading statement                                                                                                                                          January 2027

Preliminary (full-year) results announcement                                                                                                                  April 2027
208    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements



Additional shareholder information continued

Shareholders                                                                                                                                     American Depository Receipts (ADRs)
Shareholder information as at 28 February 2026.                                 Shareholder security and share fraud                             The Company has a sponsored Level 1 ADR programme for which the
                                                      2026             2025     Be ScamSmart                                                     Bank of New York Mellon acts as depository. The ADRs are traded on the
Number of shareholders                             89,422            92,786     Investment scams are designed to look like genuine investments   over-the- counter (OTC) market in the US under the symbol JSAIY, where
                                                                                Find out more at www.fca.org.uk/scamsmart                        one ADR is equal to four ordinary shares. All enquiries relating to ADRs
Number of shares in issue                  2,263,689,189      2,339,424,088                                                                      should be addressed to:
                                                                                Spot the warning signs
                                                                                Have you been:                                                   Shareholder Correspondence
Annual General Meeting (AGM)                                                                                                                     PO Box 505000
The 2026 AGM will be held at Leonardo Royal Hotel London St Paul’s ,            •   contacted out of the blue                                    Louisville
10 Godliman St, London, EC4V 5AJ at 11.00am on Thursday, 2 July 2026            •   promised tempting returns and told the investment is safe    KY 40233-5000
with facilities to attend virtually. The Notice of Meeting and proxy card       •   called repeatedly, or                                        USA
for the meeting are enclosed with this report and further details will be       •   told the offer is only available for a limited time?         Tel (toll-free for US domestic callers): 1-888-269-2377
available at https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/.
                                                                                If so, you might have been contacted by fraudsters.              Tel (international callers): +1-201-680-6825
Dividends                                                                       Report a Scam                                                    Website: www.mybnymdr.com
A combined dividend payment of 15.1p per share, comprising an interim           Report any suspected investment scams to the FCA at www.fca.     Email: shrrelations@bnymellon.com
dividend of 4.1p and a special dividend of 11.0p per share was paid on          org.uk/consumers/report-scam-us or call the FCA Consumer
19 December 2025. Shareholders will be asked to approve a dividend of 9.6p      Helpline on 0800 111 6768.
per Ordinary share for the year ended 28 February 2026 at this year’s AGM.
                                                                                Avoid investment fraud                                              Cautionary statement
If approved, this will be paid on 10 July 2026 to all shareholders who are on
                                                                                1. Reject cold calls                                                Certain statements included in this Annual Report are forward-
the register of members on 5 June 2026. Dividends will be made directly to
                                                                                                                                                    looking. Such statements are based on current expectations and
your nominated bank or building society account by direct credit. Please        2. Check the FCA Warning List                                       are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could
visit https://uk.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com, and to provide your
                                                                                3. Get impartial advice                                             cause actual events or results to differ materially from any
account details.
                                                                                                                                                    expected future events or results referred to in these forward-
For more information on dividends, please see page 37 and note 13               Remember: if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is!         looking statements. They appear in a number of places
on page 162.                                                                                                                                        throughout this Annual Report and include statements regarding
                                                                                                                                                    our intentions, beliefs or current expectations and those of our
Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP)                                                                                                                   officers, Directors and employees concerning, amongst other
Sainsbury’s offers a DRIP, which is a simple way to buy additional                                                                                  things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity,
Sainsbury’s shares. Shareholders can reinvest their cash dividends in the                                                                           prospects, growth, strategies and the business we operate. Unless
Company’s shares bought in the market through a specially arranged                                                                                  otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or accounting
share dealing service. No new shares are allotted under this DRIP and                                                                               standard, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise
approximately 21,000 shareholders participate in it. Full details of the                                                                            any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
DRIP and its charges, together with mandate forms, are available from                                                                               information, future developments or otherwise.
Equiniti. Alternatively, you can elect to join the DRIP by registering at
https://uk.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com.
209    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                     Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements



Useful contacts

Registered office                                                             Solicitors
J Sainsbury plc                                                               Linklaters LLP
33 Charterhouse Street
London EC1M 6HA                                                               Stockbrokers
Registered number 00185647                                                    UBS
                                                                              Shore Capital
Sainsbury’s corporate website
https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/
For the latest results and reports, share price data, business strategy and   General contact details
corporate governance.                                                         For any customer enquiries, please visit our websites:
It also contains information for investors, our sustainability report,        Sainsbury’s
regulatory and news releases, and current issues.                             https://help.sainsburys.co.uk/help/contact-us

Investor Relations                                                            Argos
                                                                              www.argos.co.uk/help/contact-us
Investor Relations Department
J Sainsbury plc                                                               Habitat
33 Charterhouse Street                                                        www.habitat.co.uk/help/contact-us
London EC1M 6HA
                                                                              Nectar
InvestorRelations2@sainsburys.co.uk
                                                                              www.nectar.com/help

Registrars                                                                    Sainsbury’s Bank
MUFG Corporate Markets                                                        https://www.sainsburysbank.co.uk/support
Central Square
29 Wellington Street
Leeds LS1 4DL
sainsburys@cm.mpms.mufg.com

Group Company Secretary
Nick Grant

Independent auditors
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
1 Embankment Place
London WC2N 6RH
210    J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026                                                                                                      Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Glossary

Annual General Meeting (AGM) – This year the AGM will be held on 2 July 2026 at the Leonardo Royal Hotel         GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation.
London St Paul’s, 10 Godliman Street, London, EC4V 5AJ, at 11:00.
                                                                                                                 Greenhouse gas (GHG) – Gases in the atmosphere which absorb infrared radiation emitted from Earth’s
Argos Financial Services (AFS) – Home Retail Group Card Services Limited; and Home Retail Group Insurance        surface creating a ‘greenhouse effect’.
Services Limited.
                                                                                                                 Group – The Company and its subsidiaries.
bps – Basis points.
                                                                                                                 GSCOP – Grocery Supply Code of Practice.
by Sainsbury’s – Core own label brand.
                                                                                                                 HFSS – High fat, sugar and salt.
CDP – Carbon Disclosure Project.
                                                                                                                 IFRIC – International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee.
Click & Collect – Service which allows customers to place general merchandise and grocery orders online for
                                                                                                                 IFRSs – International Financial Reporting Standards.
collection in store.
                                                                                                                 Joint venture (JV) – A business jointly owned by two or more parties.
Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability (CR&S) – The need to act responsibly in managing our impact
on a range of stakeholders: customers, colleagues, investors, suppliers, the community and the environment.      Kantar Worldpanel (Kantar)/Nielsen Global Solutions (Nielsen) – Independent third parties providing data
                                                                                                                 on the UK grocery market.
CPI – Consumer Price Index.
                                                                                                                 Live Well for Less – Sainsbury’s customer commitment to continue to help people live the life they want to
Earnings per share (EPS) – Earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Parent divided by the
                                                                                                                 live, with quality products at fair prices.
weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, excluding those held by ESOP Trusts,
which are treated as cancelled.                                                                                  LTIP – Long-Term Incentive Plan.
Fair value – The amount for which an asset could be exchanged, or a liability settled, between knowledgeable,    Net zero – Our commitment to becoming net zero in our own operations by 2035 through reducing our GHG
willing parties in an arm’s length transaction.                                                                  emissions as much as possible and not adding to the amount of GHG in the atmosphere.
FVPL – Fair value through profit or loss. Method of valuing a financial instrument where changes in fair value   Nectar – Sainsbury’s loyalty programme.
are recognised directly in the income statement.
                                                                                                                 Nom&Gov – the Nomination and Governance Committee.
FVOCI – Fair value through other comprehensive income. Method of valuing financial instruments where
                                                                                                                 Paris Agreement – An agreement within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The
changes in fair value are recognised through other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                                 Agreement sets a goal for companies to limit global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.
                                                                                                                 OCI – Other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                                 PCI – Payment card industry.
                                                                                                                 PRA – Prudential Regulation Authority.
                                                                                                                 RPI – Retail Price Index.
                                                                                                                 SONIA – Sterling Overnight Index Average.
                                                                                                                 Taste the Difference – Sainsbury’s premium own brand range of products.
                                                                                                                 Total shareholder return (TSR) – The growth in value of a shareholding over a specified period, assuming that
                                                                                                                 dividends are reinvested to purchase additional units of the stock.
                                                                                                                 Tu – Sainsbury’s own label clothing range.
211   J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026   Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes
212   J Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026   Strategic Report   Governance Report   Financial Statements


Notes
J Sainsbury plc’s commitment to environmental stewardship is reflected in this Annual
Report, which has been printed on Revive 100 Offset, which is 100% post-consumer
recycled, FSC® certified and totally chlorine free (TCF) paper. Printed in the UK by
Park Communications using vegetable-based inks, with 99% of dry waste being
diverted from landfill. The printer is a CarbonNeutral® company. Both the mill and the
printer are certified to ISO 14001 (Environmental Management System) and ISO 9001
(Quality Management System).
                                                                                         Produced by Design Portfolio




                                                                                         www.design-portfolio.co.uk




Please recycle.
33 Charterhouse Street
London
EC1M 6HA




Find out more at
https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/
